<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1558740_0001829126-23-002758.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3484445</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>199693</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1332064</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>797829</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>470224</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>620030</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002758.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414171730
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002758
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Winvest Group Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001558740
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		IRS NUMBER:				272052033
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56204
		FILM NUMBER:		23822071

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 WEST LIBERTY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 880
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(775) 996-0288

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 WEST LIBERTY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 880
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZYROX MINING INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120921

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002758.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 winvestgroup_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______, 20 ___, to ______, 20___. 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

N/A 

 (Former
name or former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on an attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold as of June 30, 2022 1.62 per share), the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, was 

There
were 
shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of April 14, 2023 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

None 

Winvest
Group Ltd 

 Contents 

Page 
 
 Cautionary
 Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 ii 

Part I 

Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 26 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 35 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 35 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 35 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 36 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 Other
 Information 
 
 36 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 36 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 37 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 41 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 43 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 47 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 47 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 48 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 
 48 

Signatures 
 
 49 

i 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about Winvest Group Ltd., industry, management beliefs, and assumptions
made by management. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, believes, 
 seeks, estimates, variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions
that are difficult to predict; therefore, actual results and outcomes may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in any
such forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable
assumptions, it is not possible to foresee or identify all factors that could have a material effect on the future financial performance
of the Company. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made on the basis of management s assumptions
and analyses, as of the time the statements are made, in light of their experience and perception of historical conditions, expected
future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate under the circumstances. Except as otherwise required by the federal
securities laws, we disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the information incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect
any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Unless
the context indicates otherwise, the Company, we, our, ours or us 
refer to Winvest Group Ltd., a Nevada corporation, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, The Catalyst Group Entertainment TCG and IQI Media, Inc IQI ). 

Overview 

Winvest
Group Ltd, the Company (formerly known as Zyrox Mining International Inc. until December 2021) was incorporated in
the State of Nevada on June 3, 2009. Winvest Group Ltd began formal operations on June 3, 2009, with the principal purpose
of developing, marketing, and selling software products through the Internet, and to provide web-based services for individuals and small
business. During 2010, this business was discontinued and management focused on developing a biodegradable plastic opportunity. 

The
Company began trading as Riverdale Capital, Ltd. under the symbol RICP on June 3, 2009. Effective April 30, 2012,
the Company changed its name to Diversified Energy Fuel International, Inc and changed its name to Winvest Group Ltd on August 15,
2012. 

On
November 8, 2010, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire 100 of the Membership Interests of WSVPA Bio Products Incorporated,
a Nevada LLC in consideration for 102,238,200 shares of common stock. After completion of their due diligence, WSPVA formally
closed on the transaction on May 12, 2012. The Company subsequently received 500,000,000 Class A membership
units and 1,000,000 Class B membership units representing 100 of the membership interest of WSPVA (dissolvingplastic.com)
in return for 102,238,200 common shares of the Company and WSPVA is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On
August 17, 2010, the then Chief Executive Officer resigned and appointed Carl H. Kruse as sole Director and Chief Executive Officer.
Carl H. Kruse became the majority shareholder at that time by virtue of a Stock Purchase Agreement with the majority shareholder, resulting
in a change of control of the Issuer. 

The
Company finalized the acquisition of a biodegradable plastic manufacturer, WSPVA, Bio Products International, LLC, a Nevada LLC, on March 12,
2012, for 102,238,200 common shares, of which 98,984,744 had been issued in the prior fiscal year and recorded as
Issuance of Common Shares for Donated Services, because of the uncertainty of completing the transaction. The Company now owns 100 
of the equity interests in this wholly owned subsidiary. With the transaction now complete the market value of the shares on March 12,
2012, has been recorded as the purchase price for WSPVA. 

During
the fourth quarter of 2022 we began generating significant revenues. We will require the funds from this offering in order to fully implement
our business plan as discussed in the Plan of Operation section During the period from November 2012 through April 2020,
the Company was dormant. 

The
Company s accounting year-end is December 31. 

David
Lazar, the principal of Custodian Ventures, LLC conducted due diligence on the Company and determined that the Company would be a potential
Custodianship candidate, based upon previous management appearing to have abandoned the Company approximately eleven years ago. Mr. Lazar
then chose to buy shares of the Company on the open market and start a Custodianship proceeding. 

On
December 27, 2019, Custodian Ventures, LLC was appointed as the custodian of the Company by the Eighth Judicial Court of Nevada
pursuant to Case No. A-19-805642-B. 

1 

On
March 5, 2021, as a result of a private transaction, 300,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value
per share (the Shares of the Company, were transferred from Custodian Ventures, LLC (the Seller to Wan
Nyuk Ming, Ng Chian Yin, and Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun, respectively, based on their ownership of Winvest Group Limited (collectively, the
 Purchaser ). As a result, the Purchaser became an approximately 90 holder of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding
share capital of the Company on a fully diluted basis of the Company and became the controlling shareholders. The consideration paid
for the Shares was 700,000. The source of the cash consideration for the Shares was personal funds of the Purchaser. In connection with
the transaction, David Lazar released the Company from all debts owed to him and/or the Seller. 

On
April 14, 2021, the existing director and officer resigned immediately. Accordingly, David Lazar, serving as a director and an officer,
ceased to be the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary and a Director. 

On
April 14, 2021, Mr. Wan Nyuk Ming consented to act as the new Chairman and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company; Mr. Ng
Chian Yin consented to act as Managing Director (MD) and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company; Mr. Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun
consented to act as the new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Finally,
also on April 14, 2021, Ms. Tham Yee Wen was appointed as Secretary and Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the Company; Ms. Boo Shi Huey
was appointed as Treasurer of the Company. 

On
September 14, 2021, The Board of Directors of Zyrox Mining International, Inc. voted to change the Company s fiscal year end from
May 31st to December 31st in order to align it with its intended acquisition target. The Board of Directors of the Company approved this
change on September 14, 2021. 

On
December 29, 2021, FINRA declared the latest name change and a 1 for 250 reverse stock split went effective. Also on December 29, 2021,
the Company was informed by FINRA that the Company s ticker symbol would be changed to WNLV. 

On
May 16, 2022, Winvest Group Ltd. WNLV, or the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share
Exchange Agreement with The Catalyst Group Entertainment, LLC TCG ), a Delaware corporation, Joseph S. Lanius Lanius ),
Nicholas D. Burnett Burnett ), and Khiow Hui, Lim Khiow, Burnett, and together with Lanius,
the TCG Shareholders ), the sole officers, directors, and shareholders of TCG, IQI Media, Inc. IQI ), a California
corporation, Khiow, Lanius, Charlene Logan Kelly Kelly ), Burnett, Connie Tsai Tsai ), and Amy Morton Morton ),
as the officers, directors and shareholders of IQI (the IQI Shareholders ). Under the Share Exchange Agreement, One Hundred
Percent (100 of the ownership interest of TCG and IQI was exchanged for 900,000 shares of common stock of the Company at the Closing
issued to the TCG Shareholders and the IQI Shareholders. The transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization of the Company,
whereby WNLV is the accounting acquirer. 

Immediately
after completion of such share exchange, the Company had a total of 17,411,217 issued and outstanding shares, with authorized share capital
for common share of 4,500,000,000. 

Consequently,
the Company has ceased to fall under the definition of shell company as define in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act and TCG and IQI are now wholly owned subsidiaries 

On
May 25, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim as the Corporation s
Chief Strategic Officer and Charlene Logan Kelly as the Corporation s Chief Intellectual Officer. 

On
June 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim to the Corporation s
Board of Directors. 

On
June 29, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company accepted the resignation of Tham Yee Wen as the
Company s Secretary. Also, on June 29, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim as the Company s
Secretary. 

2 

TCG 

The Catalyst Group Entertainment (hereafter called TCG ), is a finance and production company for the media and entertainment sector located in the city of Beverly Hills, California, founded in April 2019 and headed by Joseph S. Lanius, Nick D. Burnett and Khiow Hui, Lim with over 25 years experience in the film industry, encompassing film finance, production and distribution. 

TCG is currently operating with minimal costs and limited business activity. TCG seeks between 6,000,000 to 24,000,000 funds to invest in films. 

TCG focuses on opportunities comprised of global emerging film, television and media projects . 

Film packages from studios, production companies and independent producers are continuously seeking funds from media financing companies such as The Catalyst Group Entertainment, LLC. These film packages usually are submitted with a fully developed script, director, primary cast, production schedules and a budget as well as a proposed finance plan. 

TCG aims to finance projects from studios, production companies and independent producers with proven track records that consistently deliver projects on time and in accordance with approved budgets and production schedules. 

While we have access to the top commercial film projects from the studios/production companies and independent producers, predominantly due to TCG s and its principals track record, reputation and standing within the industry, we have no current written agreements related to this. We believe that deals will be sourced from trusted professionals working in the entertainment industry to have the film distributed by major studios, mini-major studios, distribution companies and streaming platforms. 

A trusted professional is someone that TCG has done business with in the past and the company/individual performed as promised or a company/individual that is well established in the industry with a history of delivering and fulfilling its obligations. This includes production companies/producers who have completed films on budget and on schedule, sales agents that have pre-existing relationships with key distributors in the industry and reach the targeted numbers, as well as major talent agencies in the industry who structure motion pictures. 

Structures for each form of financing 

1. Pre-sale distribution. Securing minimum guarantees and license fees . 

In collaboration with a reputable sales agency, skilled producers can sell distribution rights piecemeal to various domestic and foreign territories before the project actually starts production, which is known as a pre-sale within the industry. These are sales made to reputable and verified distributors with proven records of timely payment. The amount of the minimum guarantee/license fee is based on the strength of the script and attached (or packaged elements such as director and actors. TCG will always discount the pre-sale collateral to provide a safety buffer. 

2. Tax Incentive Financing and GAP/Mezzanine Contributions 

In the United States, many state governments (e.g. Georgia, Louisiana, New York, etc.) have tax incentive programs for media projects that are a reliable form of collateral for financiers. The tax incentive is dependent upon the amount of qualified spend in the production location. Interest rates for tax incentive financing vary from 8-12 with a pay out from 12-18 months depending on the program. The tax incentive loan will not be provided until an industry approved third party has analyzed the budget and submitted an estimated audit. Also, the producer must provide necessary evidence the production is approved to qualify for the tax incentive. 

Gap contributions is a type of mezzanine financing that is secured by unsold territories for a media project. This type of financing is recouped after the pre-sale loan. The estimated time of recoupment is normally 12-18 months. TCG will consider the performance of pre-sales and overall value of the package to determine the appropriate amount of gap financing. With certain projects, any gap financing will require a net profit share that can potentially generate exponential returns if a picture is a box office success. 

3 

Competitive position in the industry 

TCG s
model sets it apart from 95 of its competitors in the industry, as it does not always require pre-sales, and gap financing can be provided
under TCG s structure as defined above. Additionally, since Joseph Lanius is a licensed attorney in California, TCG does not have
to charge high legal fees unlike the competitors in the marketplace. Furthermore, TCG does not depend on one or a few major customers. 

Investment Controls and Protections 

TCG will always have first priority security interest over the intellectual property of the project reinforced by a UCC-1 and Copyright Mortgage. So, in essence, TCG is loaning against that asset as collateral. TCG will have the right to foreclose on the intellectual property no differently than a bank can foreclose on real estate property. 

TCG is also taking into consideration sources of data from trusted professionals in the industry that range from distributors to sales agents that will provide estimated value of the film/property to ensure we are not lending against an asset that doesn t provide adequate coverage of our loan plus any interest, costs and expenses related to the loan. 

TCG s Green Light Process 

TCG has created a due diligence process to facilitate the initial assessment of each media project submission and will involve key partners to help with the evaluation process. 

Finance plan approved by TCG with evidence 100 of the financing (less TCG s contribution) is irrevocably secured 

Completed script and clear chain of title. 

Primary actors with commercial value and a quality director attached. 

All projects more than 5m require a completion bond issued by a completion guarantor. 

All production elements required (budget, production schedules, cashflow schedule, delivery schedule) 

Must have sales agent approved by TCG and estimates that cover TCG s financing contribution plus interest due. 

Shooting locations with no less than 15 tax incentives/rebates unless adequate equity contribution or other secured collateral in place. 

Corporate Governance Reporting 

TCG is committed to the highest standards of Corporate Governance and will engage best in class professional services companies. These will include: 

Sector specialist accountants (e.g. Shipleys and BDO) to prepare the company s annual accounts. 

One of the big four firms shall provide annual auditor services. Leading corporate lawyers to assist the Head of Legal to implement rigorous and best- practice corporate processes. 

4 

Quarterly bespoke investment reports will be presented to the Lender and all investors and financial partners. 

Appropriate controls and processes will be put in place. These will be approved and signed off by TCG s members with quarterly risk committee meetings and reporting. 

We still have first priority security interest over the intellectual property of the project so in essence we are loaning against that asset as collateral. We have the right to foreclose on the property no differently than a lender can foreclose on real estate property. 

We are also taking into consideration sources of data from trusted professionals in the industry that range from distributors to sales agents that will provide estimated value of the film/property to ensure we are not lending against an asset that doesn t provide adequate coverage of our loan plus any interest, costs/expenses, etc. Currently, there are only 3 members of TCG and no employees. However, TCG s operations do not require a large employee base and overhead. Once the company is adequately funded, TCG will seek to obtain a California Lender License, and there will be a need for no more than five employees, and the company will strategically increase its employee base as the funding for the company grows. 

The company has no bankruptcy or receivership proceedings. There is currently no need for government approval of principal products or services. If government approval is necessary, the status of the approval process will be discussed. Existing or probable governmental regulations have no effect on the business. There are no costs or effects of compliance with environmental laws (federal, state, and local). There is currently no publicly announced new product or service, and there are no sources or availability of raw materials or principal suppliers. TCG does not have any patents, trademarks, licenses, franchises, concessions, royalty agreements, or labor contracts, including duration. 

IQI 

IQI Media, Inc (hereafter called IQI ), is a production content studio located in Pasadena, California that primarily focuses on full-service content creation, film and advertising production. IQI is a solely 100 women-owned company, founded by Khiow Hui, Lim in August 2010, a native Malaysia born producer graduated from Wichita State University. She has been producing from small to large scale video, film productions for more than 20+ years. IQI producers team are keen on managing all aspects of a multilingual project throughout the life cycle from conception and strategy to design, development and delivery. 

Market Overview 

Streaming video and subscription services have revolutionized the traditional U.S. media and entertainment industry. 

Subscribers cite an increase in price as the biggest reason they would cancel a paid video, music, or gaming service. 

Key Findings 

Traditionally, the windowing system has ensured that revenue generated by each platform is protected by rights to show movies during a particular time frame. Theatrical releases not only drive box office revenues; typically determine how revenue from subsequent windows are negotiated. 

Changes to the theatrical window such as releasing a movie on Streaming OR PVoD instead of in a theater could create a domino effect of change across other windows and put more pressure on the success of streaming efforts to compensate. This shifting landscape puts studios in a difficult position. They may be able to reach more people through streaming services, particularly during the pandemic, but doing so could undermine theaters and the large revenues they generate. 

5 

Current Filmmaking 

The IQI production team is a true believer in post-covid Filmmaking+ and Cinema+ landscape. If the motherland is full of viruses, we are should have died by now. Apparently, our motherland can heal itself without a doubt. 

When a movie or television show shoots on location, it brings jobs, revenue, and related infrastructure development, providing an immediate boost to the local economy. 

Business Model 

IQI currently has the following core businesses and ConTech (Content Technology) in production pipeline: 

(1) 
 MaiContent Aggregator Solution Platform 

(2) 
 Original Content Development Slate + Producing Services 

(3) 
 Content Management Solution and Services 

MaiContent Aggregator is a B2B solutions platform - it serves Content Creator and Streaming Partners. 

(1) 

 MaiContent Aggregator Solution Platform 

Introducing Our Aggregator Brand: 

MaiContent solutions acts as a One-Stop Gatekeeper Entertainment Smart Platform for content creators, filmmakers, and streaming partners in OTT (Over The Top) landscape. 

IQI has a group of freelancers working as content growth management to help distribution clients and exiting brand clients to content manage clients content asset via YouTube Channel. Our industry distribution partner includes, Synergetic Films to facilitate larger format content to the crowded OTT (Over The Top) market. IQI is currently doing such with MaiContent Content (B2b) Solution Development for the media and film industry. 

The upstream users of this platform are film directors, producers, sales agents, distributors, publishers and key opinion leaders. As for the downstream partners, they are streaming media services providers. We believe via the emergence of technology, MaiContent aggregator solution could be the evolution of the industry and gameplay changing for fluctuated OTT market. There are currently no users of the platform as we will require the funds from this offering in order to fully implement our business plan as discussed in the Plan of Operation section. 

Customer Value Proposition 

During MaiContent 1.0 development, our module will focus mainly on the following target audience: 

Copyrighted Owners 

6 

Equity Producers 

Distributor/Publishers 

MaiContent s development is currently ahead of schedule and in Phase 2 prototype and UI/UX design. We are unable to confirm the distribution model until we have tested it with industrial partners. 

Business Development Partners Value Proposition 

Developing at least 4 Territories Streaming Partners. Territories include: Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan. 

The value for the above-mentioned customers is based on time, money and trust, therefore, while reducing customers search time, it offers our partners an instant screening protocols and quality control services, often time, it helps to minimize customizable list of similar products and services. At the same time bringing down operation cost for our streaming partners. 

Currently, IP tended to be traded in a tedious tailor-made manner using costly IP professionals, acting on behalf of the traders in an exponentially growing and increasingly chaotic IP environment. IP contents generate cultural programs and entertainment economic liquidation over time in various spaces (scenarios). The core of IP commercial value is to achieve the ultimate goal of liquidation by means of diversified imitative (copycat behaviour) operation. 

Due to the lack of a common IP Entertainment Marketplace, MaiContent is looking to offer a new business model and solution to market. 

MaiContent is built to provide asset management and content management to the users. Secondly, providing low or median range encoding fee to 6 majors English-speaking territories (US, Canada, UK, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand). For an additional charge filmmakers can release in all of the remaining territories. No distribution fees will enable filmmakers to keep the majority of the distribution revenues. MaiContent provides content strategy and technology support - we then partnered with an encoding house or production post house to release their movie. This can bring costs down to a minimum and is affordable to content creators, filmmakers and producers. Our in-house content management team will provide cost-per-acquisition reports to our customers, Filmmakers only have to submit their movie once and they can choose as many platforms as they want at an additional cost per platform. We assist producers with reaching targeted audiences and the tactics of Keywords, Interests, Ethic and Demographics, Topics, Placements, 1st Growth Data, Customer Data and Fan Loyalty. Filmmaker s digitized film assets will charge for fair price for encrypted data. Assets will be stored on secure Cloud Storage to ensure content creator easy access. Filmmakers will have 24/7 access via a dashboard, to their revenue reports. 

Our solutions are to bypass the traditional model of sales agents enlisting different distributors manually to digitally releasing in different countries. 

The Smart Business Landscape of Entertainment IP 

 During MaiContent Phase 2 development in Q3, 2023, our development team will attempt to further combine nodes recognition and secure ID into a smart business architecture to strengthen peer-to-peer network. A large number of visual scanning detection technology is exploring to integrate for copyright claims, and commercial transactions, also known as payment solutions. 

Based on Entertainment contents, multimedia platform will bring point-to-point media entertainment contents for users and eliminate issues such as operational costs and splits caused by the centralized platform. In such case, both content creators and users would maximize their gains. Phase 2 development will provide a publicity of Digital Ads sharing protocol that allow users to stay on a transparent, and privacy-protected ecosystem among advertisers, paid advertisement brands and public users. 

7 

(2) 

 Original Content Development Slate and Producing Services 

(A) 
 This Whole World Animation series 

This Whole World is a Pre-School Animation Series featuring an iconic catalogue of music from the 60s and 70s. 

Est Budget: 11 million 

 Format: 22 X: 11-minute episodes 

 Demographic 4-10 years old, family 

For This Whole World, we have attached Mark Baldo as director/ writer and Charlene Kelly as producer/ writer, to engage their service in incorporating the present vision of the project into an episodic breakdown for the series format in preparation for the steps outlined. 

IQI has a Non-binding Letter of Intent LOI signed and accepted between Charlene Logan Kelly, David Leaf and IQI. 

The vision behind the show s idea, themes and even the look is bright, fun and playful, much like the music for which it is based upon. This musically charged animated series focuses on the simple fact that what makes people different is what makes them beautiful . The alien creatures that live in This Whole World celebrate their world of music every year at an annual music festival where the children of no color are chosen by small sea creatures called Oppos who grant the children their color and the sound they will produce when they sing. Being left out or the wrong color doesn t matter in this whole world because every color is needed to create the harmony and beautiful music together to keep their world safe. 

PROJECT SCHEDULE: 

01. 
 Development 

02. 
 Production 

03. 
 Marketing And Merchandise 

04. 
 Distribution And the Future 

8 

(B) 
 Sunday Dinner Feature Film 

Sunday Dinner is a heart-warming comedy. 

IQI has concluded an initial Letter of Intent LOI and Memorandum of Understanding MOU with director Matteo Ribaudo, 

Sell
Point : Sunday Dinner should appeal to the hearts of audiences worldwide with its themes of family, drama, and
a big helping of comedy. 

Comparable Films: 

The table below demonstrates films we believe to be comparable to Sunday Dinner either in terms of budget or genre. As is often the case with these sorts of films, they have all had very successful post-theatrical sales above and beyond their worldwide theatrical grosses. 

Moonstruck 

Big Night 

My Big Fat Greek Wedding 

9 

City Island 

This Is Where I Leave You 

My Cousin Vinny 

(C) 
 Christmas Caf Feature Film 

At the heart of this film is a message of giving and family bonds and of course, celebrating the Christmas spirit. With our story and themes, we are targeting Lifetime / Hallmark / ABC Family /Inspire / and Up networks where Family audiences and the decision-making demographics of purchase empowered females. 

IQI has concluded an initial Letter of Intent LOI and Memorandum of Understanding MOU with the producer/creator, John P. Aguirre, from Buddy Bear Adventure LLC. 

Sell point : As a Christmas film, its deeper value is that it can be re-released annually in a wide spectrum of markets both domestically and internationally. Even releases for Christmas in Summer territories: Australia and New Zealand. 

10 

(D) 
 Cured TV Limited Series 

IQI has a television limited series coming soon, titled Cured. Cured is about the cure for cancer being found and covered up by corporate pharmaceutical companies; Our misunderstood hero must rediscover his father s cure while being antagonized by corporations and the people closest to him. 

(E) 
 I Will Follow Him Feature Film Title: To-Be-Determined) 

Story to begin with: When a man claiming to be the runaway son of a reclusive widow reappears after twenty years to claim his inheritance, what begins as an emotion al reunion unravels into a dangerous, demented affair as the twisted history of the lavish estate unearths. She uses her hilltop palace as a prison, locked in with her memories and guilt far from the bright Los Angeles lights below. It is the ultimate prize that lures Guy in originally, symbolic of a wealthy lifestyle he s never been privy to. Inside he finds it haunted with creeks and booms coming from the boy s locked room, and his only clue to its unlocking lies in the eerie crest engraved to its doorknob. But there s more; the boy s clothes and toys seem to appear and then disappear, there are items buried in the yard where the boy s favorite tree used to be and where the last VHS footage of him was captured, and then there s the scratch marks that keep appearing, and the visions of the boy s ghost following him through the hall .(cont.) 

11 

(F) 
 My Daughter s Death Feature Film 

This is a film about the forgotten faces of the American Dream. One that is personal and based off the true story of family members related to us. It will be treated as such, with delicacy and compassion and sensitivity, but also in admiration of its perseverant subjects. We want a team of equally rogue-minded creatives with unfiltered, non-judgmental views of the world. And we want to hear what they want to see made. This is the dream, making the film we want to see. And finally, that dream is about to come true. 

(G) 
 Winnie the Pooh - Beyond Pooh Corner 

12 

IQI and Baboon Animation line up a Pooh prequel push. 

IQI, through its partnership with Baboon Animation s Mike de Seve John Reynolds (collectively, IQI-Baboon ), is developing a new story for the Winnie-the-Pooh prequel franchise where the bear cub who will do ANYTHING to get that honey that he loves more than life itself. The story should be showcased on both large and small screens, with the release slated for 2025. A press release with further details is available at IQI s official website and https://kidscreen.com/2022/12/15/baboon-animation-and-iqi-line-up-a-pooh-prequel/ 

We re telling the surprising origin story of the silly young bear and his friends, when they were still kids, in a way designed to connect with 21st-century kids, say Reynolds. 

IQI-Baboon have forged a professional and mutually beneficial relationship by successfully executing an initial Memorandum of Understanding MOU to secure the rights and establish a partnership. The details of where it will be produced, talent attached to the project, musical score, etc will come into play as the financing, development, production, and distribution progress. 

IQI-Baboon has completed the first draft of the full-length feature script for the film. The pitch deck is also in process with information such as Current Investment Landscape, IP Equity Offers, Usage of Investment Funds, Franchise Licensing and Merchandising Categories, etc. This material is intended for potential investors, partners, and distributors to participate in a pre-sales deal aimed at financing the production of Pooh, in addition to funds from this offering. 

IQI-Baboon have set a planned release date of 2025 for the feature, followed immediately by the series. The film is currently ready to enter the pre-production phase, which will occur once financing and distribution is established. 

(3) 

 Content Management Solution and Services 

As a content strategic partners to our content creators, IQI content team manages contents such as: Weekly Short Children Animation, Educational Programs. Our content partners preference is to showcase their contents through general social media platform with API integration pixel coding via analytic tools. 

Original Intellectual Property Development 

Be an Original Content Creator (OCC) and Production Company in Hollywood. 

IQI will actively engage with studios and talent agencies to develop and match funding to produce quality Live Action, Holiday movies and CGI feature animation film that provide global audience with enjoyable entertainment on theatrical big screen and carry audience favorites stories along in a smart technology on worldwide streaming platforms. 

Original IP distribution methods are based on collaboration between IQI and distributors. For instance, when Hallmark Channel requests a script reading, IQI submits it to Hallmark s development department. If the script is accepted and added to Hallmark s Christmas slates, IQI negotiates in good faith with Hallmark for distribution and licensing, and proceeds with the feature film shooting production. 

Aggregator 

Be an early in aggregator ecosystem, act as One-Stop Gatekeeper Entertainment Smart Platform for content creator and filmmaker in streaming platforms. 

IQI will utilize its content management team to work with industry distributor Synergetic Films to develop an aggregator platform to facilitate crowded OTT market. 

13 

IQI s producer works directly with clients to create a year-long Sprint Planning schedule for scripting, production shooting, product shooting, KOL shoot, and UGC (User-Generated Content) shoot, based on clients requests. Once the production filming is complete, the raw footage is sent to IQI s post editorial team to create ads for distribution on Meta and Amazon Ads Manager. The Growth Manager collects the advertisement traffic reports for metric measurement, conversion rate, impression rate, and click-through rates to analyze the content s performance. IQI then reports the findings to clients to adjust their social marketing strategy to better suit their customers needs. 

IQI strives to be at the forefront of the new world order. 

The entertainment landscape has been reformed by content enthusiasts, cinema art, global streaming rivalry, and the post-pandemic and endemic environment. We are moving beyond ROI (Return on Investment) and believe that RoEX (The Return of Experience) must be associated with ROI as technology plays a crucial role in every business. 

We believe that traditional ROI metrics are insufficient to determine a company s success. Shareholder value is dependent on the customer experience s higher expectations when assessing whether a company s value proposition, capabilities, and product/service portfolio will create a ripple effect and an engaging experience. Without measuring true customer experience, ROI can mislead investors. IQI would like to focus more on customer experience in conjunction with content creation. Ultimately, CONTENT is king, without which we cannot produce Original Content, Branding Content, and Content Management products. Without engagement, there will be no revenue, and ROI cannot exist. 

IQI s creative producers are confident that our content ideas and aggregator solution tools will make us a leading company in both ROI and RoEX in the entertainment industry. 

We offer a range of products and services, including feature films, limited television series, and various ad formats on Meta and Amazon, along with reports on their performance. Our content management brand clients include Pacific Range Hood and Superco Home Appliances. We also work with original IP distributors such as major Hollywood studios, global OTT platforms and studios, television networks, and in-flight entertainment providers. For each project, we choose suitable suppliers to ensure the best results. 

MaiContent has two main clients for content management services: Pacific Range Hood and Superco Home Appliances They are currently in negotiation for original content deals, with none secured yet. IQI also holds various contracts and agreements, including with Miles Partnership, clients, and Baboon Animation Studio for Beyond the Pooh. 

IQI has a team of 4 contracted and 2 full-time employees. 

The company has no bankruptcy or receivership proceedings. There is no need for government approval of principal products or services. If government approval is necessary, the status of the approval process will be discussed. Existing or probable governmental regulations have no effect on the business. There are no costs or effects of compliance with environmental laws (federal, state, and local). 

Competition 

We
will face substantial competition in our efforts to identify and pursue a business venture. The primary source of competition is expected
to be from other companies originated directly or indirectly, for similar purposes and from companies that provide content generation,
distribution, or partnership with some of these largest media conglomerates. Such industry s competition is intensifying, and not
every business can or will survive under current conditions. This is because an increasing number of companies are entering and competing
in the market for media products and services. All of these characteristics are mirrored in content marketing. Numerous businesses maintain
blogs, invest a substantial amount of money in marketing, and use content to attract clients. Businesses who fail to develop competitive
content may not be able to survive on the market, as potential customers may turn to competitors. 

14 

Government
Regulation 

We
are not subject to any government regulation that could have a material adverse effect on our business. The films produced are governed
by the Federal Communications Commission. 

Intellectual
Property 

WNLV
does not currently own any existing Intellectual Property. 

TCG
does not own any IP. TCG is a media film producing company and has been involved in a few film titles. The fact notwithstanding that
TCG does not own any Intellectual Properties and prepare for future media financing solutions to major independent studios. 

IQI
is developing original titles and optioning the following film titles: This Whole World (Animation), I Will Follow Him, Daughter s
Death, Christmas Caf . And a licensing deal with the Feature Animation This Whole World , featuring a world festival
series of famous Brian Wilson, IQI does not own existing licensing, it belongs to the Brian Wilson and the Universal Music Group. IQI
will own 50 IP equity of the The New World musical upon completion. Once all the above-mentioned titles production are
completed, IQI will solely own all the above-mentioned film titles and animation series. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, WNLV, TCG and IQI currently have an aggregate of 8 employees. We anticipate hiring additional employees in
the next twelve months. We anticipate hiring necessary personnel based on an as needed basis. 

Corporate
History 

Winvest
Group Ltd. (the Company changed its name from Zyrox Mining International, Inc. on December 17, 2021. The Company (formerly
Diversified Energy Fuel, Inc. until August 15, 2012) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 3, 2009. The Company began
formal operations on June 3, 2009, with the principal purpose of developing, marketing, and selling software products through the Internet,
and to provide web-based services for individuals and small business. 

Our
limited start-up operations have consisted of the formation of our business plan and identification of our target market. We will require
the funds from this offering in order to fully implement our business plan as discussed in the Plan of Operation section.
During the period from November 2012 through April 2020, the Company was dormant. 

The
Company s accounting year-end is December 31. 

On
April 14, 2021, the existing director and officer resigned immediately. Accordingly, David Lazar, serving as a director and an officer,
ceased to be the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary and a Director. 

On
April 14, 2021, Mr. Wan Nyuk Ming consented to act as the new Chairman and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company; Mr. Ng
Chian Yin consented to act as Managing Director (MD) and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company; Mr. Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun
consented to act as the new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

15 

Finally,
also on April 14, 2021, Ms. Tham Yee Wen was appointed as Secretary and Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the Company; Ms. Boo Shi Huey
was appointed as Treasurer of the Company. 

On
September 14, 2021, The Board of Directors of Zyrox Mining International, Inc. voted to change the Company s fiscal year end from
May 31st to December 31st in order to align it with its intended acquisition target. The Board of Directors of the Company approved this
change on September 14, 2021. 

On
December 29, 2021, FINRA declared the latest name change and a 1 for 250 reverse stock split went effective. Also on December 29, 2021,
the Company was informed by FINRA that the Company s ticker symbol would be changed to WNLV. 

On
May 16, 2022, Winvest Group Ltd. WNLV, or the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share
Exchange Agreement with The Catalyst Group Entertainment, LLC TCG ), a Delaware corporation, Joseph S. Lanius Lanius ),
Nicholas D. Burnett Burnett ), and Khiow Hui, Lim Khiow, Burnett, and together with Lanius,
the TCG Shareholders ), the sole officers, directors, and shareholders of TCG, IQI Media, Inc. IQI ), a California
corporation, Khiow, Lanius, Charlene Logan Kelly Kelly ), Burnett, Connie Tsai Tsai ), and Amy Morton Morton ),
as the officers, directors and shareholders of IQI (the IQI Shareholders ). Under the Share Exchange Agreement, One Hundred
Percent (100 of the ownership interest of TCG and IQI was exchanged for 900,000 shares of common stock of the Company at the Closing
issued to the TCG Shareholders and the IQI Shareholders. The transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization of the Company,
whereby WNLV is the accounting acquirer. 

On
May 25, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim as the Corporation s
Chief Strategic Officer and Charlene Logan Kelly as the Corporation s Chief Intellectual Officer. 

On
June 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim to the Corporation s
Board of Directors. 

On
June 29, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company accepted the resignation of Tham Yee Wen as the
Company s Secretary. Also, on June 29, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim as the Company s
Secretary. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain a website at www. https://www.winvestgroup.co. The information on the Company s website is not incorporated herein by
reference. The Company will make available, free of charge on its website, the most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequently
filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company files such material with, or furnishes it to,
the SEC. 

The
public may also read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street,
NE, Washington, DC 20549 or by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains, free of charge, an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that
contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

16 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investment
in our securities involves a number of substantial risks. You should not invest in our securities unless you are able to bear the complete
loss of your investment. In addition to the risks and investment considerations discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
the following factors should be carefully considered by anyone purchasing our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below
are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also
may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business could be harmed. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

We
have a limited operating history. 

We
have had limited recent operating history. We will, in all likelihood, sustain operating expenses without corresponding revenues, at
least for the foreseeable future. We can make no assurances that we will be able to effectuate our strategies or otherwise to generate
sufficient revenue to continue operations. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s
aggregate total revenue was 89,260, and had a net loss of 2,351,445. 

Our
estimates of capital, personnel, equipment, and facilities required for our proposed operations are based on certain other existing businesses
operating under projected business conditions and plans. We believe that our estimates are reasonable, but it is not possible to determine
the accuracy of such estimates at this point. In formulating our business plan, we have relied on the judgment of our officers and directors
and their experience in developing businesses. We can make no assurances that we will be able to obtain sufficient financing or successfully
implement the business plan we have devised. Further, even with sufficient financing, there can be no assurance that we will be able
to operate our business on a profitable basis. We can make no assurances that our projected business plan will be realized or that any
of our assumptions will prove to be correct. 

We
are subject to a variety of possible risks that could adversely impact our revenues, results of operations or financial condition. Some
of these risks relate to general economic and financial conditions, while others are more specific to us and the industry in which we
operate. The following factors set out potential risks we have identified that could adversely affect us. The risks described below may
not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently think are immaterial, could also have
a negative impact on our business operations or financial condition. See also Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Disclosure . 

Since
our auditor has issued a going concern opinion regarding the Company, there is an increased risk associated with an investment in the
Company. 

We
have earned an aggregate of 89,260 in revenue since January 1, 2022. We expect to continue to incur additional losses in the foreseeable
future as a result of our film production activities. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing or upon future
profitable operations. We reserve the right to seek additional funds through private placements of our Common Stock and/or through debt
financing. Our ability to raise additional financing is unknown. We do not have any formal commitments or arrangements for the advancement
or loan of funds. If we are unable to secure additional financing in the future on acceptable terms, or at all, we could be forced to
reduce or discontinue film development, reduce or forego sales and marketing efforts, and forego attractive business opportunities in
order to improve liquidity to enable the Company to continue its operations. There are also risks and uncertainties inherent to the film
industry including the highly speculative nature of the industry, intense competition, the lack of industry experience of the stockholders
of the Company. For these reasons, our auditors stated in their report that they have substantial doubt we will be able to continue as
a going concern. As a result, there is an increased risk that you could lose the entire amount of your investment in the Company. 

17 

Since
we were previously a shell company, and we have not generated any revenues, there is no assurance that our business plan will ever be
successful. We may never attain profitability. 

Until
May 16, 2022, the Company had been a shell company with nominal operations and no assets other than cash. With the Company s limited
operating history, there is limited operating history upon which an evaluation of our business plan or performance and prospects can
be made. 

Given
the limited operating history, management has little basis on which to forecast future market acceptance of our services. It is difficult
to accurately forecast future revenues because the business of the Company is new. There is no history upon which to base any assumption
as to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and we can provide investors with no assurance that we will generate any operating
revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. 

We
may not be able to obtain additional funding to meet our requirements. 

Our
ability to maintain and expand our development and production of feature films to cover our general and administrative expenses depends
upon our ability to obtain financing through equity financing, debt financing (including credit facilities) or the sale or syndication
of some or all of our interests in certain projects or other assets. If our access to existing credit facilities is not available, and
if other funding does not become available, there could be a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
success depends on our personnel. Loss of key personnel may adversely affect our business. 

Our
success depends to a significant extent on the performance of our management personnel. In particular, we will depend on the services
of such personnel as Joseph S. Lanius, Nicholas D. Burnett, and Khiow Hui, Lim, the co-founders and executive producers of both TCG and
IQI. The loss of the services of key persons could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results
and financial condition. We will also be dependent on the officers and directors of WNLV to raise the required capital to fund the projects
of IQI and TCG. Failure to do so would hinder the Company s ability to grow. 

Budget
overruns may adversely affect our business. 

Actual
motion picture costs may exceed their budget, sometimes significantly. Risks such as labor disputes, death or disability of star performers,
rapid high technology changes relating to special effects or other aspects of production, shortages of necessary equipment, damage to
film negatives, master tapes and recordings or adverse weather conditions may cause cost overruns and delay or frustrate completion of
a production. If a film incurs substantial budget overruns, we may have to seek additional financing from outside sources to complete
production of a motion picture. No assurance can be given as to the availability of such financing on terms acceptable to us. In addition,
if a film incurs substantial budget overruns, there can be no assurance that such costs will be recouped, which could have a significant
impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Distributors 
failure to promote our programs may adversely affect our business. 

Decisions
regarding the timing of release and promotional support of our films are important in determining the success of feature film. As with
most production companies, for our product distributed by others we do not control the manner in which our distributors distribute our
television programs or feature films. Although our distributors have a financial interest in the success of any such feature films, any
decision by our distributors not to distribute or promote one of feature films or to promote competitors feature films to a greater
extent than it promotes ours could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

18 

We
may not be able to compete with larger sales contract companies, the majority of whom have greater resources and experience than we do. 

We
are very small and unproven entity as compared to our competitors. As an independent production company, we will compete with major U.S.
and international film studios. Most of the major U.S. studios are part of large diversified corporate groups with a variety of other
operations, including television networks and cable channels, that can provide both the means of distributing their products and stable
sources of earnings that may allow them better to offset fluctuations in the financial performance of their motion picture and television
operations. In addition, the major studios have more resources with which to compete for ideas, storylines and scripts created by third
parties as well as for actors, directors and other personnel required for production. This may have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
lack of diversification may make us vulnerable to oversupplies in the market. 

Most
of the major U.S. film studios are part of large diversified corporate groups with a variety of other operations, including television
networks and cable channels, which can provide both means of distributing their products and stable sources of earnings that offset fluctuations
in the financial performance of their motion picture and television operations. The number of films released by our competitors, particularly
the major U.S. film studios, in any given period may create an oversupply of product in the market, and that may reduce our share of
gross box-office admissions and make it more difficult for our films to succeed. 

Our
operating results depend on product costs, public tastes and promotion success. 

We
expect to generate our future revenue from the development and production of feature films, limited series, feature documentary and animation
series. Our future revenues will depend upon the timing and the level of market acceptance of our feature films, as well as upon the
cost to produce, distribute and promote these content development. The revenues derived from the production of a feature film depend
primarily on the feature film s acceptance by the public, which cannot be predicted and does not necessarily bear a direct correlation
to the production costs incurred. Our Company currently has no revenue or material market following. The commercial success of a feature
film also depends upon promotion and marketing and certain other factors. Accordingly, our revenues are, and will continue to be, extremely
difficult to forecast. 

Our
business could be adversely impacted if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights. 

Our
ability to compete depends, in part, upon successful protection of our intellectual property. We do not have the financial resources
to protect our rights to the same extent as major studios. We will attempt to protect proprietary and intellectual property rights to
our production through available copyright and trademark laws and licensing and distribution arrangements with reputable international
companies in specific territories and media for limited durations. Despite these precautions, existing copyright and trademark laws afford
only limited practical protection in certain countries. As a result, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy and distribute
our productions or certain portions or applications of our intended productions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Litigation
may also be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our movie rights, or to determine the validity
and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Any such litigation could result
in substantial costs and the diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. We cannot assure you that infringement or invalidity claims will not materially adversely affect our business, results
of operations and financial condition. Regardless of the validity or the success of the assertion of these claims, we could incur significant
costs and diversion of resources in enforcing our intellectual property rights or in defending against such claims, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

19 

If
we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, we may be subject to litigation and/or costly remediation and
the price of our Common Stock may be adversely affected. 

Failure
to establish the required internal controls or procedures over financial reporting, or any failure of those controls or procedures once
established, could adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. Upon
review of the required internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, our management and/or our auditors
may identify material weaknesses and/or significant deficiencies that need to be addressed. Any actual or perceived weaknesses or conditions
that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure of management s assessment of its internal
control over financial reporting or disclosure of our public accounting firm s attestation to or report on management s assessment
of our internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact the price of our Common Stock and may lead to claims against
us. 

Global
economic conditions, such as COVID-19, may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

Our
overall performance depends, in part, on worldwide economic conditions which historically is cyclical in character. Key international
economies continue to be impacted by a recession, characterized by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit,
going concern threats to financial institutions, major multinational companies and medium and small businesses, poor liquidity, declining
asset values, reduced corporate profitability, extreme volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets and bankruptcies. By
way of example, the automotive aftermarket, specifically fuel saving add-ons such as light-truck tonneau covers, is typically not as
affected by economic slow-down or recession as other industries or market segments. In markets where our sales occur and go into recession,
these conditions affect the rate of spending and could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to purchase our products,
and delay prospective customers purchasing decisions, all of which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition,
in a weakened economy, companies that have competing products may reduce prices which could also reduce our average selling prices and
harm our operating results. 

Movies,
like many other non-essential spending, has been hampered by COVID-19. 

Due
to the impact of COVID-19 around the world, the Company s revenue was less than expected as governments around the world entered
a lockdown to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Increased current unemployment and loss of income could cause our customers to spend their
money elsewhere, on more essential products. 

Any
further disruptions from an uptick in new infections related to COVID-19 may materially harm out business prospects. 

Further
upticks in infection, and the related enforcement of governmental restrictions would materially hinder our ability to grow, as it would
make it could interrupt our supply chain, as well as the financial condition of our intended customer base. 

The
movie industry may take longer to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Increased
current unemployment and loss of income, as well as any further disruptions from an uptick in new infections related to COVID-19 may
materially harm out business prospects. As COVID-19 confirmed cases increase, the Company will have difficulty acquiring getting customers
to the theater. 

Concentration
of Ownership in Certain Individuals may allow such Shareholders to Control the Company s Business 

The
holders of our Series A Preferred Stock control a majority of the voting interest of the Company. Following the offering, such shareholders
will still hold a majority of the interest of the Company. On the basis of 17,411,217 outstanding shares as of December 31, 2022, a minimum
of 177,598 shares of Series A preferred stock must be kept to maintain 51 control over shareholder-approved measures. Future issuances
of Series A Preferred Stock could further dilute the existing holders of common stock. The conversion of Series A Preferred Stock is
entirely optional and it can happen at any time. As a result, these shareholders will be able to exercise control over virtually all
matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporation transactions. Thus,
these individuals who make up the present management will be able to maintain their positions and effectively operate the Company s
business, regardless of other investors preferences. 

20 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

The
OTC and share value. 

Our
Common Stock trades over the counter, which may deprive stockholders of the full value of their shares. Our stock is quoted via the Over-The-Counter OTC Pink Sheets under the ticker symbol WNLV . Therefore, our Common Stock is expected to have fewer market
makers, lower trading volumes, and larger spreads between bid and asked prices than securities listed on an exchange such as the New
York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market. These factors may result in higher price volatility and less market liquidity for our
Common Stock. 

Low
market price 

A
low market price would severely limit the potential market for our Common Stock. Our Common Stock is expected to trade at a price substantially
below 5.00 per share, subjecting trading in the stock to certain Commission rules requiring additional disclosures by broker-dealers.
These rules generally apply to any non-NASDAQ equity security that has a market price share of less than 5.00 per share, subject to
certain exceptions (a penny stock ). Such rules require the delivery, prior to any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure
schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith and impose various sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and institutional or wealthy investors. For these types of transactions,
the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent
to the transaction prior to the sale. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to the broker-dealer, current bid
and offer quotations for the penny stock and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact
and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Such information must be provided to the customer orally or in writing
before or with the written confirmation of trade sent to the customer. Monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information
for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers
by such requirements could discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our Common Stock. 

Lack
of market and state blue sky laws 

Investors
may have difficulty in reselling their shares due to the lack of market or state Blue Sky laws. The holders of our shares of Common Stock
and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future should be aware that there may be significant
state law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our shares. Accordingly, even if we are successful in having the shares
available for trading on the OTC, investors should consider any secondary market for our securities to be a limited one. We intend to
seek coverage and publication of information regarding our Company in an accepted publication which permits a manual exemption. 
This manual exemption permits a security to be distributed in a particular state without being registered if the company issuing the
security has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by the state. However, it is not enough for the security to
be listed in a recognized manual. The listing entry must contain (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors, (2) an issuer s
balance sheet, and (3) a profit and loss statement for either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent fiscal
year of operations. We may not be able to secure a listing containing all of this information. Furthermore, the manual exemption is a
non-issuer exemption restricted to secondary trading transactions, making it unavailable for issuers selling newly issued securities.
Most of the accepted manuals are those published in Standard and Poor s, Moody s Investor Service, Fitch s Investment
Service, and Best s Insurance Reports, and many states expressly recognize these manuals. A smaller number of states declare that
they recognize securities manuals but do not specify the recognized manuals. The following states do not have any provisions
and therefore do not expressly recognize the manual exemption: Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota,
Tennessee, Vermont, and Wisconsin. 

Accordingly,
our shares of Common Stock should be considered totally illiquid, which inhibits investors ability to resell their shares. 

21 

Penny
stock regulations 

We
will be subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our Common Stock. The Commission
has adopted regulations which generally define so-called penny stocks to be an equity security that has a market price
less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. We anticipate that our Common
Stock will become a penny stock , and we will become subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the Penny Stock
Rule . This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than
established customers. For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the
purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect
the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary
market. 

For
any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, of a disclosure
schedule prepared by the Commission relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements
are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stock. 

We
do not anticipate that our Common Stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our Common Stock
were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the Commission the
authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the Commission finds that such a restriction
would be in the public interest. 

Rule
144 Risks 

Sales
of our Common Stock under Rule 144 could reduce the price of our stock. There are 15,426,046 issued and outstanding shares of our Common
Stock held by affiliates that Rule 144 of the Securities Act defines as restricted securities. 

These
shares will be subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144, should we hereinafter cease being deemed a shell company .
In general, persons holding restricted securities, including affiliates, must hold their shares for a period of at least six months,
may not sell more than 1.0 of the total issued and outstanding shares in any 90-day period, and must resell the shares in an unsolicited
brokerage transaction at the market price. The availability for sale of substantial amounts of Common Stock under Rule 144 could reduce
prevailing market prices for our securities. 

No
audit or compensation committee 

Because
we do not have an audit or compensation committee, stockholders will have to rely on our entire Board of Directors, none of which are
independent, to perform these functions. We do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors. Indeed,
we do not have any audit or compensation committee. These functions are performed by our Board of Directors as a whole. No members of
our Board of Directors are independent directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict in that Board members who are also part of management
will participate in discussions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

Security
laws exposure 

We
are subject to compliance with securities laws, which exposes us to potential liabilities, including potential rescission rights. We
may offer to sell our shares of our Common Stock to investors pursuant to certain exemptions from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act, as well as those of various state securities laws. The basis for relying on such exemptions is factual; that is, the
applicability of such exemptions depends upon our conduct and that of those persons contacting prospective investors and making the offering.
We may not seek any legal opinion to the effect that any such offering would be exempt from registration under any federal or state law.
Instead, we may elect to relay upon the operative facts as the basis for such exemption, including information provided by investor themselves. 

22 

If
any such offering did not qualify for such exemption, an investor would have the right to rescind its purchase of the securities if it
so desired. It is possible that if an investor should seek rescission, such investor would succeed. A similar situation prevails under
state law in those states where the securities may be offered without registration in reliance on the partial pre-emption from the registration
or qualification provisions of such state statutes under the National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996. If investors were successful
in seeking rescission, we would face severe financial demands that could adversely affect our business and operations. Additionally,
if we did not in fact qualify for the exemptions upon which we have relied, we may become subject to significant fines and penalties
imposed by the Commission and state securities agencies. 

No
cash dividends 

Because
we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares
unless they sell them. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on shares of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not
be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares
of our Common Stock when desired. 

We
cannot assure you that a market will develop for our Common Stock or what the market price of our Common Stock will be. 

There
is a limited trading market for our Common Stock. There is no assurance that an active market for our Common Stock will develop as a
result of our operation of the businesses of TCG and IQI even if we are successful. If a market does not develop or is not sustained,
it may be difficult for you to sell your shares of Common Stock at an attractive price or at all. We cannot predict the prices at which
our Common Stock will trade. It is possible that, in future quarters, our operating results may be below the expectations of securities
analysts or investors. As a result of these and other factors, the price of our Common Stock may decline or may never become liquid. 

Risks
Related to Industry 

Success
depends on external factors in the film industry. 

Operating
in the film production industry involves a substantial degree of risk. Each motion picture is a unique piece of art that depends on unpredictable
audience reaction to determine commercial success. There can be no assurance that our feature films will be favorably received. 

Technological
advances may reduce demand for films. 

The
entertainment industry in general, and the motion picture industry in particular, are continuing to undergo significant changes, primarily
due to technological developments. Because of this rapid growth of technology, shifting consumer tastes and the popularity and availability
of other forms of entertainment, it is impossible to predict the overall effect these factors will have on the potential revenue from
and profitability of feature-length motion pictures. 

A
decline in the popularity of entertainment, film and leisure activities could adversely impact our business. 

Because
our operations are affected by general economic conditions and consumer tastes, our future success is unpredictable. The demand for entertainment,
film and leisure activities tends to be highly sensitive to consumers disposable incomes, and thus a decline in general economic
conditions could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition and the price of
our Common Stock. 

Public
tastes are unpredictable and subject to change and may be affected by changes in the country s political and social climate. A
change in public tastes could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition and the price
of our Common Stock. 

23 

A
decline in general economic conditions could adversely affect our business. 

Our
operations are affected by general economic conditions, which generally may affect consumers disposable income. The demand for
entertainment and leisure activities tends to be highly sensitive to the level of consumers disposable income. A decline in general
economic conditions could reduce the level of discretionary income that our fans and potential fans have to spend on our live and televised
entertainment and consumer products, which could adversely affect our revenues. 

Risks
Related to TCG s Business 

Film
Production is a long and uncertain business. 

Filmmaking
is a lengthy process. As an investing technique, it can take anywhere from three to ten years to yield returns. It is also impossible
to forecast the size of these returns. In addition, there is no assurance that the project in which we invest will be successful; the
size of a project, the degree of investment, or the names associated with the production are not mitigating factors in and of themselves. 

If
we fail to collect payment on time, we could experience cash flow problems. 

Box
office earnings are sometimes deceptive. Box office takings and investor profits have minimal correlation. In addition to financiers
and various other parties will claim a portion of a film s earnings. Advertising (usually up to 20 of the production budget),
cinema takings (at least 50 or more of ticket sales), distributor and sales agent fees are deducted from the box office totals. Industry
anecdotes suggest a film must make twice its budget in order to see any profit. Not all film businesses have the same monthly
sales. This can be a significant obstacle that might result in late payments or even defaults, which can ruin our long-term credit profile. 

Evaluation
of investment in films is uncertain. 

Our
team may be required to undergo a rigorous management decision-making procedure in order to minimise potential project losses caused
by invested expenditures. The filmmaking industry is not an exception. It addresses all hazards that can arise during the development,
production, and distribution of projects in this industry. Therefore, we may need to ensure that the project has a precise plan, a defined
audience, and the ability to be released on schedule. In addition to analysing the existing financial condition, we may need to limit
the amount of possible loss. However, that all these options don t guarantee us the total security. 

24 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
mailing address is 50 West Liberty Street Suite 880, Reno NV 89501. The Company s wholly owned subsidiarys , TCG s,
address is 8383 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 255, Beverly Hills, CA 90211. The Company s wholly owned subsidiarys , IQI s,
monthly month-to-month leased office address is 1055 East Colorado Boulevard, Suite 500, Pasadena, California 91106, United States. The
monthly fees are -0- and 1,200, respectively. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The
Company is not presently a party to any legal proceedings. We may from time to time be involved in various claims and legal proceedings
of a nature we believe are normal and incidental to the entertainment finance and production business. These matters may include intellectual
property, employment and other general claims. We accrue for contingent liabilities when it is probable that a liability has been incurred
and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because defense and settlement
costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

During
the past ten years no current or incoming director, executive officer, promoter, or control person of the Company has been involved in
the following: 

(1)
A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law which was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or
similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner
at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer
at or within two years before the time of such filing 

(2)
Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations
and other minor offenses) 

(3)
Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent
jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i.
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity 

ii.
Engaging in any type of business practice or 

iii.
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws 

(4)
Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State
authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described
in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity 

25 

(5)
Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State
securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or
vacated 

(6)
Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated 

(7)
Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i.
Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation Or 

ii.
Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease and desist order, or removal or
prohibition order Or 

iii.
Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity Or 

(8)
Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has
disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

26 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Sheets tier of the OTC Markets Group under the symbol, WNLV. The OTC Market is a
computer network that provides information on current bids and asks, as well as volume information. 

The
following table sets forth the range of high and low closing bid quotations for our common stock for each of the periods indicated as
reported by the OTC Markets. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not
necessarily represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 2022 

First Quarter (January
 1 March 31) 
 27.25 
 2.50 
 
 Second Quarter (April 1 June
 30) 
 9.50 
 2.20 
 
 Third Quarter (July 1 September
 30) 
 8.50 
 4.00 
 
 Fourth Quarter (October 1 
 December 31) 
 8.50 
 8.50 

2021 

First Quarter (January 1 
 March 31) 
 17.50 
 5.875 
 
 Second Quarter (April 1 June
 30) 
 20.00 
 2.50 
 
 Third Quarter (July 1 September
 30) 
 8.535 
 2.50 
 
 Fourth Quarter (October 1 
 December 31) 
 27.25 
 2.50 

Holders 

On
April 13, 2023 the closing bid price of our common stock as reported on the OTC Pink Sheets was 4.00 and there were approximately
225 shareholders of record. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in
the names of banks, brokers, nominees, or other fiduciaries. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared any dividends since inception and we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future on our common
stock. The payment of dividends is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our earnings, capital requirements,
financial condition, and other relevant factors. There are no restrictions that currently limit our ability to pay dividends on our common
stock other than those generally imposed by applicable state law. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded the following sales of unregistered securities: 

We
 issued 900,000 shares of common stock during 2022 for the acquisition of TCG and IQI. These
 shares were valued at 1,980,000 

The
above issuances and sales were made pursuant to an exemption from registration as set forth in Rule 506 of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

27 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company 
or Winvest should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations to us, we, our, and similar terms refer to the Company. This Annual
Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements, as that term is defined in the federal securities laws, based upon current expectations
that involve risks and uncertainties, such as plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events
could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. Words such as
 anticipate, estimate, plan, continuing, ongoing, expect, 
 believe, intend, may, will, should, could, and similar
expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance
or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence
the accuracy of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. Reference is made to Risk Factors, 
which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

Business
Overview 

Winvest
Group Ltd. (the Company changed its name from Zyrox Mining International, Inc. on December 17, 2021. The Company (formerly
Diversified Energy Fuel, Inc. until August 15, 2012) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 3, 2009. The Company
began formal operations on June 3, 2009, with the principal purpose of developing, marketing, and selling software products through the
Internet, and to provide web-based services for individuals and small business. During 2010, this business was discontinued and management
focused on developing a biodegradable plastic opportunity. 

The
Company began trading as Riverdale Capital, Ltd. under the symbol RICP on June 3, 2009. 

On
August 17, 2010, the then Chief Executive Officer resigned and appointed Carl H. Kruse as sole Director and Chief Executive Officer.
Carl H. Kruse became the majority shareholder at that time by virtue of a Stock Purchase Agreement with the majority shareholder, resulting
in a change of control of the Issuer. 

On
November 8, 2010, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire 100 of the Membership Interests of WSVPA Bio Products Incorporated,
a Nevada LLC in consideration for 102,238,200 shares of common stock. After completion of their due diligence, WSPVA formally closed
on the transaction on May 12, 2012. The Company subsequently received 500,000,000 Class A membership units and 1,000,000
Class B membership units representing 100 of the membership interest of WSPVA (dissolvingplastic.com) in return for 102,238,200
common shares of the Company and WSPVA is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The
Company finalized the acquisition of a biodegradable plastic manufacturer, WSPVA, Bio Products International, LLC, a Nevada LLC, on March
12, 2012 for 102,238,200 common shares, of which 98,984,744 had been issued in the prior fiscal year and recorded as Issuance of Common
Shares for Donated Services, because of the uncertainty of completing the transaction. The Company now owns 100 of the equity interests
in this wholly owned subsidiary. With the transaction now complete the market value of the shares on March 12, 2012 has been recorded
as the purchase price for WSPVA. 

Effective
April 30, 2012, the Company changed its name to Diversified Energy Fuel International, Inc and changed its name to Zyrox Mining
International, Inc. Zyrox on August 15, 2012. 

We
are an early-stage company and making effort to reinstate the business. Our limited start-up operations have consisted of the formation
of our business plan and identification of our target market. We will require the funds from this offering in order to fully implement
our business plan as discussed in the Plan of Operation section. During the period from November 2012 through April 2020,
the Company was dormant. 

28 

The
Company s accounting year-end is December 31. 

David
Lazar, the principal of Custodian Ventures, LLC conducted due diligence on the Company and determined that the Company would be a potential
Custodianship candidate, based upon previous management appearing to have abandoned the Company approximately eleven years ago. Mr. Lazar
then chose to buy shares of the Company on the open market and start a Custodianship proceeding. 

On
December 27, 2019, Custodian Ventures, LLC was appointed as the custodian of the Company by the Eighth Judicial Court of Nevada pursuant
to Case No. A-19-805642-B. 

On
March 5, 2021, as a result of a private transaction, 300,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value per share (the
 Shares of the Company, were transferred from Custodian Ventures, LLC (the Seller to Wan Nyuk Ming, Ng Chian
Yin, and Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun, respectively, based on their ownership of Winvest Group Limited (Cayman) (collectively, the Purchaser ).
As a result, the Purchaser became an approximately 90 holder of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding share capital of the
Company on a fully diluted basis of the Company and became the controlling shareholders. The consideration paid for the Shares was 700,000.
The source of the cash consideration for the Shares was personal funds of the Purchaser. In connection with the transaction, David Lazar
released the Company from all debts owed to him and/or the Seller. 

On
April 14, 2021, the existing director and officer resigned immediately. Accordingly, David Lazar, serving as a director and an officer,
ceased to be the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary and a Director. 

On
April 14, 2021, Mr. Wan Nyuk Ming consented to act as the new Chairman and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company; Mr. Ng
Chian Yin consented to act as Managing Director (MD) and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company; Mr. Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun
consented to act as the new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Finally,
also on April 14, 2021, Ms. Tham Yee Wen was appointed as Secretary and Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the Company; Ms. Boo Shi Huey
was appointed as Treasurer of the Company. 

On
September 14, 2021, The Board of Directors of Zyrox Mining International, Inc. voted to change the company s fiscal year end from
May 31 st to December 31 st in order to align it with its intended acquisition target. The Board of Directors
of the Company approved this change on September 14, 2021. The change in fiscal year became effective for the company s 2021 fiscal
year, which began June 1, 2021 and ended December 31, 2021. Accordingly, the Company is filing this transition report on Form 10-KT for
the seven-month period from June 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021 

On
December 17, 2021, Zyrox Mining International, Inc. amended its articles of incorporation change its name to Winvest Group Ltd. (the
 Name Change ). The change was made in anticipation of entering into a new line of business operations. 

Also
on December 17, 2021, Zyrox Mining International, Inc. amended its articles of incorporation to reverse split its common stock at a rate
of 1 for 250 (the Reverse ). 

On
December 29, 2021, FINRA declared the latest name change and a 1 for 250 reverse stock split went effective. Also on December 29, 2021,
the Company was informed by FINRA that the Company s ticker symbol would be changed to WNLV in twenty business days. 

On
May 16, 2022, Winvest Group Ltd. WNLV, or the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share
Exchange Agreement with The Catalyst Group Entertainment, LLC TCG ), a California limited liability company, Joseph
S. Lanius Lanius ), Nicholas D. Burnett Burnett and Khiow Hui, Lim Khiow, Burnett, 
and together with Lanius, the TCG Shareholders ), the sole officers, directors, and shareholders of TCG, IQI Media Inc. IQI ), a California corporation, Khiow, Lanius, Charlene Logan Kelly Kelly ), Burnett, Connie Tsai Tsai ),
and Amy Morton Morton ), as the officers, directors and shareholders of IQI (the IQI Shareholders ). Under
the Share Exchange Agreement, One Hundred Percent (100 of the ownership interest of TCG and IQI was exchanged for 900,000 shares of
common stock of the Company at the Closing issued to the TCG Shareholders and the IQI Shareholders. The transaction has been accounted
for as a recapitalization of the Company, whereby WNLV is the accounting acquirer. 

29 

Immediately
after completion of such share exchange, the Company had a total of 17,411,217 issued and outstanding shares, with authorized share capital
for common share of 4,500,000,000. 

Consequently,
the Company has ceased to fall under the definition of shell company as define in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act and TCG and IQI are now wholly owned subsidiaries 

On
May 25, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim as the Corporation s
Chief Strategic Officer and Charlene Logan Kelly as the Corporation s Chief Intellectual Officer. 

On
June 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim to the Corporation s
Board of Directors. 

On
June 29, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company accepted the resignation of Tham Yee Wen as the
Company s Secretary. Also, on June 29, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim as the Company s
Secretary. 

TCG
Business Overview 

TCG
is a finance and production company for the media and entertainment sector located in the city of Beverly Hills, California, headed by
Joseph S. Lanius, Nick D. Burnett and Khiow Hui, Lim with over 25 years experience in the film industry, encompassing film finance,
production and distribution. 

TCG
focuses on opportunities comprised of global emerging film, television and media projects. 

Film
 packages from studios, production companies and independent producers are continuously seeking funds from media financing
companies such as The Catalyst Group Entertainment. These film packages usually are submitted with a fully developed script, director,
primary cast, production schedules and a budget as well as a proposed finance plan. 

TCG
aims to finance projects from studios, production companies and independent producers with proven track records that consistently deliver
projects on time and in accordance with approved budgets and production schedules. 

While
we have no existing agreements with any production or distribution entities, our founding members believe that current and anticipated
market trends are ideal for the launch of a debt facility with industry veterans that have a strong background in financing and production
and media technology. Our team has an excellent industry network of associates that have worked with film studios, globally known talent
and packaging agencies, and management companies. 

IQI
Business Overview 

IQI
is a full-service content creation, film and advertising production company located in the City of Pasadena, California. Our producers 
team keen on managing all aspects of a multi-languages project throughout its life cycle from conception and strategy to design, development
and delivery. IQI Media, Inc founded by Khiow Hui, Lim in August 2010, a native Malaysia born producer graduated from Wichita State University.
She has been producing from small to large scale video, film productions for more than 20+ years. 

The
IQI production team is a true believer in post-covid Filmmaking+ and Cinema+ landscape. If the motherland
is full of viruses, we are should have died by now. Apparently, our motherland can heal itself without a doubt. 

When
a movie or television show shoots on location, it brings jobs, revenue, and related infrastructure development, providing an immediate
boost to the local economy. 

30 

Business
Model 

IQI
currently has the following programs and ConTech (Content Technology) in production pipeline: 

(1) MaiContent
 Aggregator Solution Platform 

(2) Original
 Content Development Slate + Producing Services 

(3) Content
 Management Solution and Services 

Recent
Developments 

Results
of Operations for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022, Compared to the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

Our
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 89,260, as compared to revenues of -0- during the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase in revenues is attributable to the acquisition of IQI compared to no revenue during the 2021 year. 

Operating
expenses 

Our operating expenses were 2,386,980 for the
year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 82,224 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily attributable to
an impairment charge of 1,810,116 in 2022, 366,358 in general and administrative expense in 2022 compared to 82,224 in 2021; and due
to amortization of intangibles of 210,505 in 2022 due to the acquisition of IQI and TCG, compared to -0- during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
had 37,148 in cash on hand as of December 31, 2022. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 385,688 compared to 76,263 for the year ended December
31, 2021. Theis increase is attributable to increased operating expenses in the 2022 year 

Net
cash used provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 29,817 compared to -0- for the year ended December
31, 2021 due to the acquisition of IQI and TCG. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 393,019 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 76,263 for the period ended December
31, 2021. The increase in 2022 is due to increased interest free loans provided by related parties. 

Financial
Impact of COVID-19 

The COVID-19 pandemic
has affected how we are operating our business, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations
and overall financial performance remains uncertain. The COVID-19 pandemic is having widespread, rapidly evolving, and unpredictable
impacts on global society, economies, financial markets, and business practices. Federal, state and foreign governments have implemented
measures to contain the virus, including social distancing, travel restrictions, border closures, limitations on public gatherings, work
from home, and closure of non-essential businesses. To protect the health and well-being of our employees, partners, and third-party
service providers, we have implemented work-from-home requirements, made substantial modifications to employee travel policies, and cancelled
or shifted marketing and other corporate events to virtual-only formats for the foreseeable future. While we continue to monitor the
situation and may adjust our current policies as more information and public health guidance become available, such precautionary measures
could negatively affect our customer success efforts, sales and marketing efforts, delay and lengthen our sales cycles, or create operational
or other challenges, any of which could harm our business and results of operations. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has
disrupted the operations of our current enterprise customers, as well as many potential enterprise customers, and may continue to disrupt
their operations, for an indefinite period of time, including as a result of travel restrictions and/or business shutdowns, uncertainty
in the financial markets, or other harm to their businesses and financial results, resulting in delayed purchasing decisions, extended
payment terms, and postponed or cancelled projects, all of which could negatively impact our business and results of operations, including
our revenue and cash flows. 

31 

Beginning
in March 2020, the U.S. and global economies have reacted negatively in response to worldwide concerns due to the economic impacts of
the COVID-19 pandemic. These factors also may adversely impact enterprise and government spending on technology as well as
such customers ability to pay for our products and services on an ongoing basis. For example, some businesses in industries particularly
impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, such as travel, hospitality, retail, and oil and gas, have significantly cut or eliminated
capital expenditures. A prolonged economic downturn could adversely affect technology spending, demand for our offerings, which could
have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any resulting instability in the financial markets
could also adversely affect the value of our common stock, our ability to refinance our indebtedness, and our access to capital. 

The
ultimate duration and extent of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately
forecasted at this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of the disease, the actions of governments, businesses and individuals
in response to the pandemic, the extent and effectiveness of containment actions, the impact on economic activity and the impact of these
and other factors on our employees, partners, and third-party service providers. These uncertainties may increase variability in our
future results of operations and adversely impact our ability to accurately forecast changes in our business performance and financial
condition in future periods. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively or if global economic
conditions do not improve, or deteriorate further, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be
adversely affected. 

Employees 

WNLV,
TCG and IQI currently have an aggregate of 8 employees. We anticipate hiring additional employees in the next twelve months. We anticipate
hiring necessary personnel based on an as needed basis. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S.
GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

We
believe that the following critical policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 we did not engage in any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in item 303(a)(4)
of the Commission s Regulation S-K. We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have
a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors. 

32 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15I
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as
of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective such that the information relating to us required
to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company s
former management abandoned all operations for many years, and only recently did the Company appoint new management to make filings with
the SEC on behalf of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Our Company has been
dormant since November 2012. As a result, our management did not evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). without such an evaluation, our management
concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO framework
criteria, as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls
over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the
PCAOB were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee, (2) lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board of Directors, resulting
in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (3) inadequate segregation
of duties consistent with control objectives; (4) complete lack of management of the company from November 2012 until December 31,
2022; and (5) lack of disclosure controls. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive and Financial
Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results because the activity during this
period was nominal. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside
Directors on our Board of Directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

Management
has, in 2022, appointed a local-based director and officer for ease of operations. As the Company progresses, our management expect to
further recruit a local corporate secretary, establish an audit committee, appoint a local independent non-executive director, and ensure
that board members have current and pertinent financial experience. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the periods ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial
reporting. 

33 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
SEC has defined a company s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations and which require the Company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often
as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, we have identified the
critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We also have other key accounting policies that are significant to understanding
our results. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America U.S. GAAP and are expressed in Canadian dollars. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant estimates relate to revenue recognition, valuation
of accounts receivable and inventories, income taxes, and contingencies. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, known
or expected trends, and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information available as of
the date of these financial statements. The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates about the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising
from contracts with customers. The guidance provided in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606 ASC 606 requires entities to use a five-step model to recognize revenue by allocating the consideration from contracts to performance obligations
on a relative standalone selling price basis. Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services in
an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The standard also
requires new disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with
customers. ASC 606 also includes Subtopic 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs Contracts with Customers , which
requires the deferral of incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit with banks and money market funds, the fair value of which approximates cost. The
Company maintains its cash balances with a high-credit-quality financial institution. The Company has not experienced any losses in such
accounts, and management believes the Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk on its cash and cash equivalents. As of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the balance of cash was 37,148 ands -0-, respectively. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Accounts
receivable are customer obligations due under normal trade terms which are recorded at net realizable value. The Company establishes
an allowance for doubtful accounts based on management s assessment of the collectability of trade receivables. A considerable
amount of judgment is required in assessing the amount of the allowance. The Company makes judgments about the creditworthiness of each
customer based on ongoing credit evaluations and monitors current economic trends that might impact the level of credit losses in the
future. If the financial condition of the customers were to deteriorate, resulting in their inability to make payments, a specific allowance
will be required. 

34 

Recovery
of bad debt amounts previously written off is recorded as a reduction of bad debt expense in the period the payment is collected. If
the Company s actual collection experience changes, revisions to its allowance may be required. After all, attempts to collect
a receivable have failed, the receivable is written off against the allowance. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the balance of accounts receivable was 28,147 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes ASC 740 ). Under ASC 740,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to
be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date. ASC 740-10-05, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes prescribes a recognition
threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be
taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. 

The
amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. The Company assesses the validity of its conclusions regarding uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis to determine
if facts or circumstances have arisen that might cause it to change its judgment regarding the likelihood of a tax position s sustainability
under audit. 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

The
functional and reporting currency of the Company is the US dollar. 

Basic
and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Share 

The
Company computes net income (loss) per share in accordance with FASB ASC 260, Earnings per Share which requires presentation of
both basic and diluted earnings per share EPS on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing
net income (loss) available to common stockholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during
the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

There
are no recent accounting pronouncements that impact the Company s operations. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Reference
is made to pages F-1 through F-14 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

35 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon such
evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as required under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Our Company has been
dormant since November 2012. As a result, our management did not evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). without such an evaluation, our management
concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO framework
criteria, as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls
over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the
PCAOB were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee, (2) lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board of Directors, resulting
in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (3) inadequate segregation
of duties consistent with control objectives; (4) complete lack of management of the company from November 2012 until December 31,
2022; and (5) lack of disclosure controls. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive and Financial
Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results because the activity during this
period was nominal. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside
Directors on our Board of Directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

Management
has, in 2022, appointed a local-based director and officer for ease of operations. As the Company progresses, our management expect to
further recruit a local corporate secretary, establish an audit committee, appoint a local independent non-executive director, and ensure
that board members have current and pertinent financial experience. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

36 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set
forth below is certain information concerning the directors and executive officers of the Company. 

On
April 14, 2021, Mr. Wan Nyuk Ming was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mr. Ng Chian Yin was appointed MD of the Board of
Directors, Mr. Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun was appointed Chief Executive Officer and a Director, Ms. Tham Yee Wen, was appointed Secretary cum
COO, Ms. Boo Shi Huey was appointed Treasurer of the Company. 

On
May 25, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim as the Corporation s
Chief Strategic Officer and Charlene Logan Kelly as the Corporation s Chief Intellectual Officer. On June 13, 2022, the Board of
Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim to the Corporation s Board of Directors. On
June 29, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company accepted the resignation of Tham Yee Wen as the
Company s Secretary. Also, on June 29, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim as the Company s
Secretary. 

Mr.
Joseph S. Lanius is a founder and an executive producer of TCG. Mr. Nicholas D. Burnett is a co-founder and executive producer of TCG.
Ms. Khiow Hui, Lim is a co-founder and executive producer of TCG and IQI. Ms. Charlene Logan Kelly is also an executive producer of IQI. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position(s) 
 
 Wan Nyuk Ming 
 53 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Ng Chian Yin 
 32 
 MD of the Board of Directors 
 
 Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun 
 43 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Khiow Hui, Lim 
 48 
 Director, Secretary and Chief Strategic Officer, 
Founder of IQI and Co-founder of TCG 
 
 Charlene Logan Kelly 
 50 
 Chief Intellectual Officer and Executive producer of IQI 
 
 Tham Yee Wen 
 32 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Boo Shi Huey 
 33 
 Treasurer 
 
 Joseph S. Lanius 
 45 
 Founder and an executive producer of TCG 
 
 Nicholas D. Burnett 
 40 
 Co-founder and executive producer of TCG 

Biographies 

Mr.
Wan Nyuk Ming , age 53, Chairman of the Board of Directors, previously worked as the Managing Director of Mega7 Holding Sdn Bhd from
2017 to 2019, where he supervised the day-to-day operations of the company, managed delivery teams, and was directly responsible for
business support functions as a head of the business. From 2012 to 2017, he was the Managing Director of M Academy International Sdn
Bhd. With over 30 years of experience and hard work, he is a successful remarkable entrepreneur and a practical international market
strategist. 

Mr.
Ng Chian Yin , age 32, MD of the Board of Directors, with ten years of experience in running a company s core business, where
he expanded his strategy skill with New Thinking, New Creativity, and New Generation to meet the new era of emerging financial
technology in his career path. He has been the Marketing Director of his own company, Philocity Holdings Sdn Bhd since August 2019. He
was the Senior Sales Technology Manager at Milletique Technology Sdn Bhd from July 2018 to July 2019. 

Mr.
Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun , age 43, CEO of the Board of Directors, has over 18 years of exposure in the fields of health, beauty, wellness
products, online and education. He previously worked as Chief Operating Officer at Linton University and three affiliated Institutes,
Pertama Institute of Technology (ITP), Jati Institute, and International Institute of Science Mantin from 2017 to 2020, where he oversaw,
developed, and expanded the built of Environment, Information Technology, Business Accounting, and Applied Visual Arts. 

37 

Ms.
Tham Yee Wen , age 32, Chief Operating Officer of the Company. She worked as Operations Director at KN Avenue Sdn Bhd from September
2018 to October 2020. She worked as the Personal Assistant to the Executive Director at Mega7 Holdings Sdn Bhd from September 2017 to
August 2018. She also worked as a Sales Executive for meetings and events at the Berjaya Times Square Hotel, Kuala Lumpur from October
2015 to August 2017. She is responsible to oversee, develop and implement a proactive maintenance program for the company. 

Ms.
Boo Shi Huey, age 33, Treasurer of the Company. She worked at Philocity Holdings Sdn Bhd, as a Sr. Account Executive from February
2020 to the present. She worked as an Account Executive to Syarikat Elektrik Siang Sdn Bhd from October to December 2019. She previously
worked as a Finance Executive cum Admin at Mega7 Holding Sdn Bhd, from January 2019 to July 2019. She has extensive account experience
and is able to work at different perspectives and adjust workflow as change arises. 

Mr.
Joseph S. Lanius, age 45, Founder and an executive producer of TCG, is an entertainment attorney who specializes in distribution,
finance and production legal affairs. He also provides executive producing services to motion picture producers and production companies,
offering consulting on financial structuring and investment, and direct distribution sources in the United States and the Middle East.
Before entering private practice, Joseph served as Lead Counsel - Business Legal Affairs for After Dark Films, where he was responsible
for overseeing distribution and financial structuring for the After Dark Originals and After Dark Action slates as well as individual
titles consisting of over 20 feature films. Prior to that, he was Director of Business Legal Affairs for IM Global, where he focused
on distribution for the various films IM Global represented including the PARANORMAL ACTIVITY and INSIDIOUS franchises as well as COMPANY
MEN (Kevin Costner, Tommy Lee Jones), BULLET TO THE HEAD (Sylvester Stallone) and SAFE (Jason Statham). Since entering private practice,
some of Joseph s current and former clients include Sparkhouse Media, Benaroya Pictures, Mulberry Pictures, International Film
Trust, QED International and Highland Film Group. A few of the pictures Joseph has helped bring to worldwide audiences include CELL (John
Cusack, Samuel L. Jackson), 478 (Arnold Schwarzenegger) QUEEN OF THE DESERT (Nicole Kidman, James Franco, Robert Pattinson), FURY (Brad
Pitt, David Ayers), DIRTY GRANDPA (Zac Efron, Robert DeNiro), TO THE BONE (Lilly Collins, Keanu Reeves), HOUR OF LEAD (Thomas Jane, Anne
Heche), THE CARD COUNTER (Oscar Isaac, Tiffany Hadish, Tye Sheridan) and upcoming films CALL JANE (Elizabeth Banks, Sigourney Weaver,
Kate Mara) and ASSASIN CLUB (Henry Golding, Noomi Rapace, Sam Neill). Joseph earned his B.A. from the University of North Texas and his
J.D. from Southwestern Law School. 

Mr.
Nicholas D. Burnett, age 40, Co-founder and executive producer of TCG, is a media executive and transactional business lawyer focused
on mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, private placement equity and debt offerings, secured lending, and a variety of commercial
matters including licensing and general corporate counselling. He also regularly consults on financing and production matters in the
entertainment industry, providing guidance on the formation of film funds, financing and distribution plans for single motion pictures
and slates, and the development, financing and production of television series. From 2012 to 2018, Nicholas served as in-house counsel
and head of development for New York based television production companies Brick City TV and Blowback Productions, where he oversaw business,
legal and production matters for television programming produced for Viacom Networks, Discovery Communications, Participant Media/Pivot,
and CNN/Turner Networks. Prior to that, Nicholas was an associate with national law firms White Case LLP and Arent Fox LLP, where
he assisted in representing clients on mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, business reorganizations and various structured financing
and capital markets transactions. Nicholas earned his B.A. and J.D. from the University of Florida, where served as an editor of the
Florida Law Review. His articles and presentations have been featured in several legal and financial publications including Thompson
Reuters The M A Lawyer, West Publishing Corporation s Practical Law Company, and the New York Institute of Finance s
ExecSense series. 

38 

Ms.
Khiow Hui, Lim, age 48, Director, Secretary, Chief Strategic Officer, Founder of IQI and Co-founder of TCG, hail from Melaka, Malaysia,
Khiow Hui began her career at the Media Resources Center in Wichita, Kansas, which was a subsidiary and syndication station of The Discovery
Channel. Starting as a production assistant, she rose to become a segment producer and eventually a full-fledged producer for the station.
In 1997, Khiow Hui was hired by Fox Television Network (FOX 24/UPN), now a division of iHeart MEDIA, to produce and direct public service
announcements (PSAs) for the Midwest region. In 2011, Khiow Hui founded iQiMedia that helps advertising agencies, new media companies
and S P 500 to create intuitive experiences for a diverse range of new emerging media. She has worked with global renown advertising
agencies, new media companies and managed brands like AIG, AT T, Toyota, Caesars Entertainment Corporation, Tencent, Apple, Sony
Entertainment, Ogilvy, Dentsu and more. At IQI, she has managed feature film production, commercial and interactive development, budgets
of up to 40 million and overseen union production crews of more than 80 people. A native of Malaysia, Khiow Hui holds a BA in Electronic
Arts from Wichita State University. Khiow Hui also one of the core production team players at Miles Partnership for the VisitTheUSA.com the
official tourism bureau for the United States helping to deliver tailored content for the both domestic and international Asian
market. In 2016, Khiow Hui produced her first feature film, Alien Code, a sci-fi thriller starring Mary McCormack, Azura Skye, Richard
Schiff and Kyle Gallner. Now available on most streaming platforms. Other Hollywood credits include projects like Sony PlayStation 2 s
Rise to Honor Jet Li, the SAG Awards Hollywood Hits Broadway segment and post-production editorial work on Resident Evil
5 6 and the Oscar-winning film Crash. 

Ms.
Charlene Logan Kelly , age 50, Chief Intellectual Officer, Executive producer of IQI, received her Business Degree from Mount Alison
University in Canada, where she then worked in finance briefly. Having been a painter and artist most of her life, she decided to turn
her attention towards art and completed the Animation Program at Algonquin College where she began her career in Toronto then moved to
Los Angeles. Most of her career has been working in Feature Animation and for several studios, which included Warner Brothers, Fox Animation,
and Dreamworks, on films such as All Dogs Go to Heaven 2, Space Jam, The Quest for Camelot, Anastasia, Prince of Egypt, El Dorado and
Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron. She had a short period as a Stop Motion animator for a CBC kids show called Poko and has had the privilege
of working in most departments of the animation pipeline. She then went on to become the Associate Producer at a boutique studio in Los
Angeles, managing and producing the studio projects, such as Iron Giant Signature Edition, Once Upon a Time Adventure (Snow White ride
at Disneyland in Shanghai) and the Minion Mayhem Ride (Illumination ride at Universal), in collaboration with studios such as Warner
Brothers, Walt Disney, ReelFX and Universal/NBC. She recently was the Producer on an independent CG Animated Feature Film, Next Gen,
distributed by Netflix and Alibaba Pictures and is presently developing a couple of personal projects as well as the Feature Film spinoff
of the popular TV Series, Mansour, created by Bidaya Media and backed by the Mubadala Investment Company. 

Term
of Office 

Our
director holds his position until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his successor is elected and qualified by our shareholders,
or until earlier death, retirement, resignation, or removal. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between the Company and any of our current and proposed directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No
director, executive officer, significant employee or control person of the Company has been involved in any legal or regulatory proceeding
listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

39 

Board
Composition 

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Directors. The number of directors is fixed by our Board of Directors,
subject to our articles of incorporation and our bylaws. Currently, our Board of Directors consists of three directors, with two vacancies.
We do not have a standing audit, compensation or nominating committee. Rather, our full board of directors performs the functions of
these committees. We do not believe it is necessary for our board of directors to appoint such committees because the volume of matters
that come before our board of directors for consideration permits the directors to give sufficient time and attention to such matters
to be involved in all decision making. Additionally, because our common stock is not listed for trading or quotation on a national securities
exchange, we are not required to have such committees. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning
his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Beavers, our sole director, is not
 independent as that term is defined under the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board of Directors has a Chairman, Mr. Wan Nyuk Ming. The Chairman has authority, among other things, to preside over Board meetings
and set the agenda for Board meetings. Accordingly, the Chairman has substantial ability to shape the work of our Board of Directors.
We believe that separation of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is not necessary at this time to ensure appropriate oversight
by the Board of Directors of our business and affairs. However, no single leadership model is right for all companies and at all times.
The Board of Directors recognizes that depending on the circumstances, other leadership models, such as the appointment of a lead independent
director, might be appropriate. Accordingly, the Board of Directors may periodically review its leadership structure. 

Our
Board of Directors is generally responsible for the oversight of corporate risk in its review and deliberations relating to our activities.
Our principal source of risk falls into two categories, financial and product commercialization. The audit committee will oversee management
of financial risks; our Board of Directors regularly reviews information regarding our cash position, liquidity and operations, as well
as the risks associated with each. The Board of Directors regularly reviews plans, results and potential risks related to our product
development and commercialization efforts. 

CODE
OF ETHICS 

We
have adopted a code of ethics meeting the requirements of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We believe our code of ethics
is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of violations; and provide accountability
for adherence to the provisions of the code of ethics. The code of ethics is applicable to all of our directors, officers and employees
and is available on our corporate website, https://www.winvestgroup.co. We intend to disclose any amendments to our code of ethics, or
waivers of its requirements, on our website or in filings under the Exchange Act to the extent required by applicable rules and exchange
requirements. 

40 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

The
table below sets forth the positions and compensations for the officers and directors of the Company, and for the officers and directors
of TCG and IQI, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

There
are no employment agreements between the Company and its officers and directors. And since the change of control in March 2021, the directors
and officers have received no compensation. This policy, however, will be revised as the Company secure additional fundings. 

Position 
 
 Name of Officers or Directors 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary before tax 
 
 Bonus 
 
 All other compensation 
 
 Total 

Chairman of the Board of
Directors 
 
 Wan Nyuk Ming 
 
 2022 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

2021 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

MD of the Board of Directors 
 
 Ng Chian Yin 
 
 2022 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

2021 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Chief Executive Officer
and Director 
 
 Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun 
 
 2022 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

2021 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Tham Yee Wen 
 
 2022 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

2021 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Treasurer 
 
 Boo Shi Huey 
 
 2022 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

2021 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Founder and an executive
producer of TCG 
 
 Joseph S. Lanius 
 
 2022 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

2021 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Co-founder and executive
producer of TCG 
 
 Nicholas D. Burnett 
 
 2022 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

2021 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Director, Secretary, Chief
Strategic Officer, Founder of IQI and Co-founder of TCG 
 
 Khiow Hui, Lim 
 
 2022 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

2021 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

Chief Intellectual Officer,
Executive producer of IQI 
 
 Charlene Logan Kelly 
 
 2022 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

2021 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

(1) 
 Independent
 contractors. 

41 

We
do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors as our Company qualifies for an exemption from these
requirements. Indeed, we do not have any audit or compensation committee. These functions are performed by our Board of Directors as
a whole. 

Also,
in 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim as the Company s Director,
Chief Strategic Officer and Secretary, and Charlene Logan Kelly as the Company s Chief Intellectual Officer. 

All
directors serve 1-year term. 

 Related
Party Transactions 

The
Company s financing subsequent to the change of control on March 31, 2021 has come from the Winvest Group Limited (Cayman),
an affiliate with the same name as the Company, and based in the Cayman Islands and from the CEO of IQ. Winvest Group Limited (Cayman)
is an equity holdings company in the wellness industry and shares the same board of directors as the Company. As of December 31,
2022, the amount due to the Winvest Group Limited (Cayman) and the CEO of IQ was 412,915 and 148,915 which are being treated as an
interest free demand loans. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None
of the named executive officers had any outstanding equity awards at the 2022 fiscal year-end. 

42 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities following the completion
of the Reverse Merger, and the increase of the described in Items 1.01 of this report by (i) any person or group owning more than 5 
of any class of voting securities, (ii) each director, (iii) our chief executive officer and (iv) all executive officers and directors
of WNLV as a group as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Number
 of Shares
 of Common Stock 
 Percentage 
 
 Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun (1) 
 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501 
 14,432,265 
 82.9 
 
 Wan Nyuk Ming (1) 
 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501 
 0 
 0 
 
 Ng Chian Yin (1) 
 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501 
 0 
 0 
 
 Tham Yee Wen 
 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501 
 0 
 0 
 
 Boo Shi Huey 
 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501 
 0 
 0 
 
 Khiow Hui, Lim 
 0 (1) 
 0 
 
 Charlene Logan Kelly 
 0 
 0 
 
 All executive officers, directors, and beneficial ownership thereof as a group 7 people) 
 14,432,265 
 82.9 

(1) 
 Issued
 600,000 shares on or about May 16, 2022. 

There
are no other officer or director 5 shareholders. 

Unless
otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws where applicable, each of the stockholders
named in this table has sole or shared voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. Except
as set forth above, applicable percentages are based upon 17,411,217 shares of common stock outstanding. 

The
holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. The
holders of our common stock do not entitle to any disparate voting rights. 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting preferred stock following the completion
of the Reverse Merger, and the increase of the described in Items 1.01 of this report by (i) any person or group owning more than 5 
of any class of voting securities, (ii) each director, (iii) our chief executive officer and (iv) all executive officers and directors
of WNLV as a group as of December 31, 2022. 

43 

Name 
 Number
 of Shares
 of Series A Preferred Stock 
 Percentage 
 
 Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun (1) 
 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501 
 2,838,679 
 0.946 
 
 Wan Nyuk Ming 
 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501 
 180,000,000 
 60.00 
 
 Ng Chian Yin 
 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501 
 45,000,000 
 15.00 
 
 All executive officers, directors, and beneficial ownership thereof as a group 3 people) out of 300,000,000
 shares. 
 227,838,680 
 75.946 

(1) 
 Converted
 72,161,321 shares of Preferred Series A into 3,608,066,021 shares of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021. The conversion
 is shortened of 29 common stocks in the calculation when multiplied by 50, however, the difference is deemed immaterial for audit
 purposes. 

There
are no other authorized classes of Preferred Stock. The holders of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to 50 votes for each share
held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. The Series A Preferred Stock also convert into common stock at a rate of
50 for one. The aggregate voting power of our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock is more than 90 of the issued and outstanding voting
equity. The holders of our Series A Preferred Stock vote on a 50 to one basis. 

The
50 to one voting of the Series A Preferred Stock may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition,
tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider to be in its interests, including
attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders, as the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock have the voting power to prevent such events. 

Certain
Relationships And Related Transactions 

Except
as described herein, none of the following parties (each a Related Party has had any material interest, direct or indirect,
in any transaction with us or in any presently proposed transaction that has or will materially affect us: 

any
 of our directors or officers; 

any
 person proposed as a nominee for election as a director; 

any
 person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 10 of the
 voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock; or 

any
 member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in- laws)
 of any of the above persons. 

The
Company s financing subsequent to the change of control on March 31, 2021 has come from the Winvest Group Limited (Cayman),
an affiliate with the same name as the Company, and based in the Cayman Islands and from the CEO of IQ. Winvest Group Limited (Cayman)
is an equity holdings company in the wellness industry and shares the same board of directors as the Company. As of December 31,
2022, the amount due to the Winvest Group Limited (Cayman) and the CEO of IQ was 412,915 and 148,915 which are being treated as an
interest free demand loans. 

44 

Description
of Share Capital 

We
have authorized 4,500,000,000 shares of common stock with par value 0.001 per share. As of December 31, 2022 the Company has issued
and outstanding 17,411,217 shares of common stock. We have authorized 300,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. As of December
31,2022, the Company has issued and outstanding 227,838,680 shares of preferred stock. 

Common
Stock 

The
holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. There
is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voting
for the election of directors can elect all of the directors then up for election. The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive
dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of our company, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining which are available for
distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision has been made for each class of stock, if any, having preference
over the common stock. Holders of shares of our common stock, as such, have no conversion, pre-emptive or other subscription rights,
and there are no redemption provisions applicable to the common stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
holders of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to 50 votes for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.
The Series A preferred stock also convert into common stock at a rate of 50 for one. The holders of our preferred stock are entitled
to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore. In the event of liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of our company, the holders of preferred stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining which
are available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision has been made for each class of stock, if any,
having preference over the Series A preferred stock. We do not have different authorized classes of stock other than aforementioned. 

On
the basis of 17,411,217 outstanding shares as of December 31, 2022, a minimum of 177,598 shares of Series A preferred stock must be kept
to maintain 51 control over shareholder-approved measures. Future issuances of Series A Preferred Stock could further dilute the existing
holders of common stock. The management currently has no intentions of further issuance. The conversion of Series A Preferred Stock is
entirely optional and it can happen at any time and has a poison pill effect. We believe there are no exceptions to provision requiring
mandatory conversion of shares upon any transfer, and no sunset provision limiting the lifespan of high-vote shares is required at this
time. 

Controlling
Shareholder(s) Ability 

The
controlling shareholder(s) shall and will have ability to control matters requiring shareholder approval, including election of
directors, amendment of organizational documents, and approval of major corporate transactions, such as a change in control, merger,
consolidation, or sale of assets. 

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

Section
78.138 of the NRS provides that a director or officer will not be individually liable unless it is proven that (i) the director s
or officer s acts or omissions constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties, and (ii) such breach involved intentional misconduct,
fraud or a knowing violation of the law. 

Section
78.7502 of NRS permits a company to indemnify its directors and officers against expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
actually and reasonably incurred in connection with a threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding if the officer or director
(i) is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or (ii) acted in good faith and in a manner the officer or director reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and, if a criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe
the conduct of the officer or director was unlawful. 

45 

Section
78.751 of NRS permits a Nevada company to indemnify its officers and directors against expenses incurred by them in defending a civil
or criminal action, suit or proceeding as they are incurred and in advance of final disposition thereof, upon receipt of an undertaking
by or on behalf of the officer or director to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that
such officer or director is not entitled to be indemnified by the company. Section 78.751 of NRS further permits the company to grant
its directors and officers additional rights of indemnification under its articles of incorporation or bylaws or otherwise. 

Section
78.752 of NRS provides that a Nevada company may purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf of any
person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the company, or is or was serving at the request of the company as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, for any liability asserted against
him and liability and expenses incurred by him in his capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or arising out of his status
as such, whether or not the company has the authority to indemnify him against such liability and expenses. Our Bylaws provide that we
may indemnify and advance litigation expenses to our directors, officers, employees and agents to the extent permitted by law, our Articles
of Incorporation or our Bylaws, and shall indemnify and advance litigation expenses to our directors, officers, employees and agents
to the extent required by law, our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws. Our obligations of indemnification, if any, shall be conditioned
on receiving prompt notice of the claim and the opportunity to settle and defend the claim. We may, to the extent permitted by law, purchase
and maintain insurance on behalf of an individual who is or was our director, officer, employee or agent. 

Indemnification
against Public Policy 

Insofar
as indemnification by us for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or persons controlling
the company pursuant to provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification by such director, officer or controlling person of us in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities
being offered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

The
effect of Indemnification may be to limit the rights of the Company and the shareholders (through shareholders derivative suits
on behalf of the Company) to recover monetary damages and expenses against a director for breach of fiduciary duty. 

Shares
Eligible for Future Sale 

Future
sales of substantial amounts of shares of our Common Shares in the public market after this offering, or the possibility of these sales
occurring, could cause the prevailing market price for our Common Shares to fall or impair our ability to raise equity capital in the
future. Following this offering, the Common Shares that were not offered and sold in our initial public offering are restricted
securities, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. These restricted securities are eligible for public
sale only if they are registered under the Securities Act or if they qualify for an exemption from registration under Rule 144 or
Rule 701 under the Securities Act, which are summarized below. 

These
restricted securities will be available for sale in the public market under Rule 144 one year following the filing of our Form 8-K on
May 16, 2022. 

Rule
144 

Sales
of our Common Stock under Rule 144 could reduce the price of our stock. There are 17,526,075 issued and outstanding shares of our
Common Stock held by affiliates that Rule 144 of the Securities Act defines as restricted securities. 

These
shares will be subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144. In general, persons holding restricted securities, including affiliates,
must hold their shares for a period of at least six months, may not sell more than 1.0 of the total issued and outstanding shares in
any 90-day period, and must resell the shares in an unsolicited brokerage transaction at the market price. The availability for sale
of substantial amounts of Common Stock under Rule 144 could reduce prevailing market prices for our securities. 

46 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Except
as described herein, none of the following parties (each a Related Party has had any material interest, direct or indirect,
in any transaction with us or in any presently proposed transaction that has or will materially affect us: 

any
 of our directors or officers; 

any
 person proposed as a nominee for election as a director; 

any
 person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 10 of the
 voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock; or 

Any
 member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in- laws)
 of any of the above persons. 

The
Company s financing subsequent to the change of control on March 31, 2021 has come from the Winvest Group Limited (Cayman),
an affiliate with the same name as the Company, and based in the Cayman Islands and from the CEO of IQ. Winvest Group Limited (Cayman)
is an equity holdings company in the wellness industry and shares the same board of directors as the Company. As of December 31,
2022, the amount due to the Winvest Group Limited (Cayman) and the CEO of IQ was 412,915 and 148,915 which are being treated as an
interest free demand loans. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

BF
Borgers has served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm 2021 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 84,000 
 44,000 
 
 Total 
 84,000 
 44,000 

(1) 
 Audit Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

Board
of Directors Pre-Approval Process, Policies and Procedures 

All
audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm must be pre-approved. These services
may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one
year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of service. The independent registered public accounting
firm and management periodically report to the board of directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered
public accounting firm. Consistent with the board of directors policy, all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by
our independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved by our board of directors. 

47 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company Inc., as amended (filed as an Exhibit to Form 8-K, filed on May 16, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (filed as an Exhibit to Form 8-K, filed on May 16, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Organization of The Catalyst Group Entertainment, LLC (filed as an Exhibit to Form 8-K, filed on May 16, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Operating Agreement of The Catalyst Group Entertainment, LLC (filed as an Exhibit to Form 8-K, filed on May 16, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of a California corporation IQI Media Inc. (filed as an Exhibit to Form 8-K, filed on May 16, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Bylaws of IQI Media Inc. (filed as an Exhibit to Form 8-K, filed on May 16, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement (filed as an Exhibit to Form 8-K, filed on May 16, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 5.1 
 
 Opinion of McMurdo Law Group, LLC, legal counsel (filed as an Exhibit to Form S-1, filed on August 22, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of McMurdo Law Group, LLC (included in Exhibit 5.1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 99.1 
 
 Subscription Agreement (filed as an Exhibit to Form S-1, filed on August 22, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.) 

Item
16. Form 10 K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

48 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WINVEST
 GROUP LTD. 

Dated:
 April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun 

Jeffrey
 Wong Kah Mun, 
CEO and CFO 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun 

Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun, 
CEO and CFO 
 
 Dated: April 14, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Wan Nyuk Ming 

Wan Nyuk Ming, 
Director 

Dated: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ng Chian Yin 

Ng Chian Yin, 
Director 

Dated: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Khiow Hui, Lim 

Khiow Hui, Lim 
Director 

49 

WINVEST
GROUP LTD. 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Contents 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statement of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Winvest Group Ltd. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Winvest Group Ltd. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash
flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

 (PCOAB ID 

 We have served as the Company's auditor since
2020 

April 14, 2023 

F- 2 

WINVEST
GROUP LTD. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total Assets 
 
 - 

LIABILITIES 
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable-related
 parties 

Total current
 liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 DEFICIT 

Preferred stock Series A, par
 value , shares authorized, , shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021,
 respectively 

Common stock, Par Value , 
 shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders 
 (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities
 and Stockholders (Deficit) 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

WINVEST
GROUP LTD. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

Seven months 
 ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Cost of sales 
 
 - 
 
 Gross margin 
 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Administrative expenses 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating
 expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 
 - 
 
 Other expenses,
 net 
 
 - 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted
 loss per common share 

Weighted average
 number of shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

WINVEST
GROUP LTD. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 May 31, 2021 

Conversion of preferred stock to
 common stock 

Net loss 
 
 - 

Balance, December
 31, 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Reverse split rounding adjustment 

Issuance of common stock for acquisitions 

Net loss 
 
 - 

Balance, December
 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

WINVEST
GROUP LTD. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

Seven Months 
 Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Cash flows used
 in operating activities 

Net loss 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 

Changes in assets and liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used
 in operating activities 

Cash flows provided
 by investing activities 

Acquisition
 of a business, net of cash 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided
 by investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows provided by financing activities 

Proceeds from
 related party loans 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 
 
 - 
 
 Cash,
 beginning of period 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash,
 end of period 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

WINVEST
GROUP LTD. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

of the Membership Interests of WSVPA Bio Products Incorporated,
a Nevada LLC in consideration for shares of common stock. After completion of their due diligence, WSPVA formally closed
on the transaction on May 12, 2012. The Company subsequently received Class A membership units and 
Class B membership units representing of the membership interest of WSPVA (dissolvingplastic.com) in return for 
common shares of the Company and WSPVA is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The
Company finalized the acquisition of a biodegradable plastic manufacturer, WSPVA, Bio Products International, LLC, a Nevada LLC, on March 12,
2012, for common shares, of which had been issued in the prior fiscal year and recorded as Issuance of Common
Shares for Donated Services, because of the uncertainty of completing the transaction. The Company now owns of the equity interests
in this wholly owned subsidiary. With the transaction now complete the market value of the shares on March 12, 2012, has been recorded
as the purchase price for WSPVA. 

Effective
April 30, 2012, the Company changed its name to Diversified Energy Fuel International, Inc and changed its name to Zyrox Mining
International, Inc. on August 15, 2012. 

We
are an early-stage company and making effort to reinstate the business. Our limited start-up operations have consisted of the formation
of our business plan and identification of our target market. We will require the funds from this offering in order to fully implement
our business plan as discussed in the Plan of Operation section. During the period from November 2012 through April 2020,
the Company was dormant. 

The
Company s accounting year-end is December 31. 

David
Lazar, the principal of Custodian Ventures, LLC conducted due diligence on the Company and determined that the Company would be a potential
Custodianship candidate, based upon previous management appearing to have abandoned the Company approximately eleven years ago. Mr. Lazar
then chose to buy shares of the Company on the open market and start a Custodianship proceeding. 

On
December 27, 2019 Custodian Ventures, LLC was appointed as the custodian of the Company by the Eighth Judicial Court of Nevada pursuant
to Case No. A-19-805642-B. 

On
March 5, 2021, as a result of a private transaction, shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share
(the Shares of the Company, were transferred from Custodian Ventures, LLC (the Seller to Wan Nyuk Ming,
Ng Chian Yin, and Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun, respectively, based on their ownership of Winvest Group Limited (Cayman) (collectively, the Purchaser ).
As a result, the Purchaser became an approximately holder of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding share capital of the
Company on a fully diluted basis of the Company and became the controlling shareholders. The consideration paid for the Shares was .
The source of the cash consideration for the Shares was personal funds of the Purchaser. In connection with the transaction, David Lazar
released the Company from all debts owed to him and/or the Seller. 

Other
than as described below, there are no arrangements or understandings among both the former and new control persons and their associates
with respect to the election of directors of the Company or other matters. 

On
April 14, 2021, the existing director and officer resigned immediately. Accordingly, David Lazar, serving as a director and an officer,
ceased to be the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary, and a Director. 

On
September 14, 2021, The Board of Directors of Zyrox Mining International, Inc. voted to change the Company s fiscal year end from
May 31 st to December 31 st in order to align it with its intended acquisition target. The Board of Directors
of the Company approved this change on September 14, 2021. 

On
December 17, 2021, Zyrox Mining International, Inc (the Company ), amended its articles of incorporation change its
name to Winvest Group Ltd. (the Name Change ). The change was made in anticipation of entering into a new line of business
operations. 

Also
on December 17, 2021, the Zyrox Mining International, Inc. amended its articles of incorporation to reverse split its common stock
at a rate of (the Reverse ). 

On
December 29, 2021, FINRA declared the Name Change and the Reverse effective. Also on December 29, 2021, the Company was informed
by FINRA that the Company s ticker symbol would be changed to WNLV in twenty business days. The Company s stock symbol changed
to WNLV on January 27, 2022. 

On
September 14, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a change to its fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31.
The change in fiscal year became effective for the Company s 2021 fiscal year, which began June 1, 2021 and ended December 31,
2021. Accordingly, the Company is filing this transition report on Form 10-KT for the seven-month period from June 1, 2021
through December 31, 2021. 

On
December 17, 2021 Zyrox Mining International, Inc. amended its articles of incorporation change its name to Winvest Group Ltd. (the
 Name Change ). The change was made in anticipation of entering into a new line of business operations. 

Also
on December 17, 2021, the Zyrox Mining International, Inc. amended its articles of incorporation to reverse split its common stock
at a rate of 1 for 250 (the Reverse ). 

On
December 29, 2021, FINRA declared the Name Change and the Reverse effective. Also on December 29, 2021, the Company was informed
by FINRA that the Company s ticker symbol would be changed to WNLV in twenty business days. The symbol change occurred on January 27,
2022 

On
May 16, 2022, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with The Catalyst
Group Entertainment, LLC TCG ), a California limited liability company, Joseph Lanius Lanius ), Nicholas
Burnett Burnett ), and Khiow Hui Lim Khiow, Burnett and together with Lanius, the TCG
Shareholders ), the sole officers, directors, and shareholders of TCG, IQI Media Inc. IQI ), a California corporation,
solely women-owned company, Khiow, Lanius, Charlene Logan Kelly Kelly ), Burnett, Connie Tsai Tsai ),
and Amy Morton Morton ), as the officers, directors and shareholders of IQI (the IQI Shareholders ). Under
the Share Exchange Agreement, One Hundred Percent (100 of the ownership interest of TCG and IQI was exchanged for shares of
common stock of the Company at the Closing issued to the TCG Shareholders and the IQI Shareholders. The transaction has been accounted
for as a recapitalization of the Company, whereby WNLV is the accounting acquirer. 

Immediately
after completion of such share exchange, the Company had a total of issued and outstanding shares, with authorized share capital
for common share of . 

Consequently,
the Company has ceased to fall under the definition of shell company as define in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act and TCG and IQI are now wholly owned subsidiaries 

On
May 25, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim as the Corporation s
Chief Strategic Officer and Charlene Logan Kelly as the Corporation s Chief Intellectual Officer. 

On
June 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim to the Corporation s
Board of Directors. 

On
June 29, 2022, the Board of Directors of Winvest Group Ltd. (the Company accepted the resignation of Tham Yee Wen as the
Company s Secretary. Also, on June 29, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Khiow Hui, Lim as the Company s
Secretary. 

COVID-19 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization WHO declared the Covid-19 outbreak to be a global pandemic. In addition
to the devastating effects on human life, the pandemic is having a negative ripple effect on the global economy, leading to disruptions
and volatility in the global financial markets. Most US states and many countries have issued policies intended to stop or slow the further
spread of the disease. 

Covid-19
and the U.S s response to the pandemic are significantly affecting the economy. There are no comparable events that provide guidance
as to the effect the Covid-19 pandemic may have, and, as a result, the ultimate effect of the pandemic is highly uncertain and subject
to change. We do not yet know the full extent of the effects on the economy, the markets we serve, our business, or our operations. 

reverse stock split of its common stock. This split has been retroactively applied
to all periods presented. All reference to common stock in this Form 10-Q reflects this reverse split unless specifically stated
otherwise. 

and an accumulated deficit of . Because the Company does not expect that existing operational cash flow
will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations, this raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Therefore, the Company will need to raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing.
The Company is currently being funded by Winvest Group Ltd. who is extending interest-free demand loans to the Company. The Company will
be required to continue to rely on Winvest Group Ltd. until its operations become profitable. 

three
years. 

Goodwill
is not amortized but is subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments. The Company performs
an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more frequently whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying amount. Goodwill impairment testing compares the
fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income
approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based on circumstances
surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach, the Company determines fair value based on estimated future cash flows of
the reporting unit, which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing and risk of cash flows.
For the discount rate, the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach, which includes an assessment of the risk-free
interest rate, the rate of return from publicly traded stocks, the Company s risk relative to the overall market, the Company s
size and industry and other Company specific risks. Other significant assumptions used in the income approach include the terminal value,
growth rates, future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital requirements. The market approaches use key multiples
from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than
its carrying amount, there is no impairment. If the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, then an impairment
loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. As of December 31, 2022 the Company determined that goodwill and intangible assets had been fully impaired. As a result the Company recorded a charge of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

and - - respectively. 

issued and outstanding shares, with authorized share capital
for common share of . 

Consequently,
the Company has ceased to fall under the definition of shell company as define in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act and TCG and IQI are now wholly owned subsidiaries. 

For
the acquisition of TCG and IQI, the following table summarizes the acquisition date fair value of consideration paid, identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Consideration
paid 

Net liabilities
 assumed 

Fair value
 of total consideration paid 

Net
assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Other current
 assets 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Due to related
 party 

Total liabilities 

Net liabilities
 assumed 

The
Company did not incur any issuance costs to issue debt or equity instruments used to effect the business combination. The Company s
acquisition related costs for legal and accounting expenses were approximately . The value of per common share paid for
consideration was derived based on the trading price of the Company s common stock on the date of the transaction. The Company
believes that represented the fair market value of common stock at the time of issuance. 

The
Company allocated the fair value of the total consideration paid of as follows: 1,024,799 was allocated to goodwill and
 was allocated to intangible assets, comprised primarily of customer relationships with a life of three years. The value of
goodwill represented the Company s ability to generate profitable operations going forward. Management estimated the provisional
fair values of the intangible assets and goodwill on December 31, 2022 to be zero and as a result fully impaired its goodwill and intangible assets and recorded an impairment charge of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of goodwill were - - and - -, respectively. 

-. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company
recorded and - - in amortization expense, respectively. 

authorized shares of Common Stock with a par value of . As of December 31,
2022, and December 31, 2021, there were and shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Preferred
Stock 

During
2020 the Company had shares of Preferred Series A Stock outstanding. This Class of Preferred had a 1 for 1 conversion ratio to
common stock. During 2021 this class of Series A Preferred Stock was converted to shares of common stock prior to the reverse
split. On a post-split basis of 250 to 1, this amounted to common shares. In March 2021 the Company designated a new class of Series
A Preferred Stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has authorized shares of Preferred Series A Stock. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31,
2021, there were and Preferred Series A shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

t have any contractual commitments of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 

and , respectively. 

The
Company s financing subsequent to the change of control on June 30, 2021 has come from the Winvest Group Limited (Cayman), an affiliate
with the same name as the Company, and based in the Cayman Islands and the CEO of IQI. Winvest Group Limited (Cayman) is an equity holdings
company in the wellness industry and shares the same board of directors as the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of notes
payable was comprised of due to the Winvest Group Limited (Cayman) and due to the CEO of IQI. 

F- 14 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 winvestgroup_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Company 
 Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization 
 
 IQI
 Media Inc. 

The
 Catalyst Group 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 winvestgroup_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of Winvest Group Ltd.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date
: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun 

Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun, 
CEO
 and CFO 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 winvestgroup_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of Winvest Group Ltd.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date
: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun 

Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun, 
CEO
 and CFO 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 winvestgroup_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Winvest Group Ltd., (the Company for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to the best of my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

April
14, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun 

Jeffrey Wong Kah Mun, 
CEO
 and CFO 

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except
to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 wnlv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 wnlv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 wnlv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 wnlv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

