<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1854963_0001493152-23-012291.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>38783846</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>434440</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>29822648</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3563459</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2185693</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2534214</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012291.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414160641
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012291
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		169
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SHF Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001854963
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				862409612
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40524
		FILM NUMBER:		23821187

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1526 COLE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			GOLDEN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(303) 431-3435

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1526 COLE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			GOLDEN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Northern Lights Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210402

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012291.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large accelerated
 filer 

Accelerated
filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the financial statements included
in the filing reflects a correction of an error to previously issued financial statements: (1) Yes 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements requiring a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation under the registrant s clawback policies: (1) Yes
 No 

(1) Not
applicable. 

The
aggregate market value of the Class A common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of a share of
the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 as reported by the NASDAQ Capital Select Market on such date, was approximately
 million. 

As
of April 10, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

SHF
HOLDINGS, INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

 December 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 21 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 36 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Le g al Proceedings 
 36 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safe ty Disclosures 
 36 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 37 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Mana g ement s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Q uantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 49 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 49 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Chan g es in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 50 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 51 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Re g arding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 51 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 52 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 52 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 52 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 52 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 54 

Signatures 
 55 

2 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Form 10-K, unless otherwise required by the context, the terms we, our, 
 us, and the Company, refer to SHF Holdings, Inc. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Various
of the statements made in this Form 10-K, including information incorporated herein by reference to other documents, are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of, and subject to, the protections of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

Forward-looking
statements include statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates,
intentions and future performance and condition, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond
our control, and which may cause the actual results, performance, achievements, or financial condition of the Company to be materially
different from future results, performance, achievements, or financial condition expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
You should not expect us to update any forward-looking statements. These forward- looking statements should be read together with the
 Risk Factors included in this Form 10-K and our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking
statements through our use of words such as may, will, anticipate, assume, seek, 
 should, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, consider ,
 expect, estimate, continue, plan, point to, project, 
 could, intend, target and other similar words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking
statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: 

Our
 profitability is subject to interest rate risk; 
 
 Volatility
 and uncertainty in the financial markets and banking industry may adversely impact our clients
 and our ability to obtain additional financial institution clients; 
 
 We
 may be adversely affected by the transition of LIBOR as a reference rate; 
 
 Our
 concentration of loans could result in increased loan losses, and adversely affect our business,
 earnings and financial condition; 
 
 All
 of our loans are to commercial borrowers, which have unique risks compared to other types
 of loans; 
 
 Our
 allowance for loan losses may prove inadequate or we may be negatively affected by credit
 risk exposures; 
 
 The
 collateral securing our loans may not be sufficient to protect us from a partial or complete
 loss if we are required to foreclose; 
 
 Liquidity
 risks could affect our operations and jeopardize our financial condition and certain funding
 sources could increase our interest rate expense; 
 
 Our
 valuation of securities and investments and the determination of the impairment amounts taken
 on our investments are subjective and, if changed, could materially adversely affect our
 results of operations or financial condition; 
 
 Our
 strategic plan and growth strategy may not be achieved as quickly or as fully as we seek; 
 
 Nonperforming
 and similar assets take significant time to resolve and may adversely affect our results
 of operations and financial condition; 
 
 We
 could be required to write down our goodwill and other intangible assets; 
 
 Our
 success depends on our ability to compete effectively in highly competitive markets; 
 
 A
 future outbreak of COVID-19 or another highly contagious disease, could adversely affect
 our business activities, results of operations and financial condition; 
 
 Potential
 gaps in our risk management policies and internal audit procedures may leave us exposed to
 unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could negatively affect our business; 
 
 We
 may determine that our internal controls and disclosure controls could have deficiencies
 or weaknesses. 
 
 Technological
 changes affect our business including potentially impacting the revenue stream of traditional
 products and services, and we may have fewer resources than many competitors to invest in
 technological improvements; 
 
 Our
 information systems may experience interruptions and security breaches, and are exposed to
 cybersecurity threats; 
 
 Many
 of our major systems depend on and are operated by third-party vendors, and any systems failures
 or interruptions could adversely affect our operations and the services we provide to our
 customers; 
 
 Any
 failure to protect the confidentiality of customer information could adversely affect our
 reputation and subject us to financial sanctions and other costs that could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 
 Future
 acquisitions and expansion activities may disrupt our business, dilute shareholder value
 and adversely affect our operating results; 
 
 We
 may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our debt; 
 
 We
 may incur a substantial level of debt that could materially adversely affect our ability
 to generate sufficient cash to fulfill our obligations; 
 
 Our
 business may be adversely affected by economic conditions in general and by conditions in
 the financial markets; 
 
 We
 are subject to extensive regulation that could limit or restrict our activities and adversely
 affect our earnings; 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Litigation
 and regulatory investigations are increasingly common in our businesses and may result in
 significant financial losses and/or harm to our reputation; 
 
 We
 may face higher risks of noncompliance with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering
 statutes and regulations than other financial institutions; 
 
 Failures
 to comply with the fair lending laws, CFPB regulations or the Community Reinvestment Act,
 or CRA, could adversely affect us; 
 
 Certain
 of our existing shareholders could exert significant control over the Company; 
 
 If
 securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
 research about our business, the price of our common stock and trading volume could decline; 
 
 We
 have the ability to issue additional equity securities, which would lead to dilution of our
 issued and outstanding common stock; 
 
 We
 are an emerging growth company, and, as a result of the reduced disclosure
 and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our common stock may
 be less attractive to investors; 
 
 We
 may be unable to attract and retain key people to support our business; 
 
 Severe
 weather, natural disasters, global pandemics, acts of war or terrorism, theft, civil unrest,
 government expropriation or other external events could have significant effects on our business;
 and 
 
 The
 other factors and information in this Form 10-K and other filings that we make with the SEC
 under the Exchange Act and Securities Act. See Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. 

The
foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read together with the other cautionary statements included in
this Form 10-K. Because of these risks and other uncertainties, our actual future financial condition, results, performance or achievements,
or industry results, may be materially different from the results indicated by the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. In addition,
our past results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future results of operations. You should not rely on any forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. 

All
written or oral forward-looking statements that are made by us or are attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by
this cautionary note. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation
to update, revise or correct any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise,
except as required by law. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Item
1. BUSINESS 

Our
Company and Our History 

Our
business originated as business operations conducted through Partner Colorado Credit Union PCCU ), which were transferred
to SHF. LLC SHF ), then an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of PCCU. 

SHF
Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), formerly known as Northern Lights Acquisition Corp. NLIT ), acquired all of
the outstanding membership interests of SHF in a transaction that closed on September 28, 2022 (the Business Combination ).
The Business Combination was consummated pursuant to a Unit Purchase Agreement dated February 11, 2022 (the Business Combination
Agreement among SHF, SHF Holding Co., LLC (the direct parent of SHF and a wholly owned subsidiary of PCCU), PCCU and NLIT, a
special purpose acquisition company, and its sponsor, 5AK, LLC. Subsequent to the completion of the Business Combination, NLIT changed
its name to SHF Holdings, Inc. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ), we use the terms we, 
 us, our and the Company to refer to the business and operations of SHF Holdings, Inc. following
the closing of the Business Combination. (Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company included elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for more information regarding the Business Combination.) 

SHF
was formed by PCCU following the approval of the contribution of certain assets and operating activities associated with operations from
both certain branches and Safe Harbor Services, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PCCU, to SHF Holding, Co., LLC. SHF Holding, Co., LLC then
contributed the same assets and related operations to SHF, with PCCU s investment in SHF maintained at the SHF Holding, Co., LLC
level (the reorganization ). The reorganization effectively occurred July 1, 2021. In conjunction with the reorganization,
all of the employees engaged in the operations contributed and certain PCCU employees were terminated from PCCU and hired as SHF employees.
Collectively, oldco, the relevant operations of the PCCU branches, and SHF, represent the Carved-Out Operations. After
the reorganization, the entirety of the Carved-Out Operations were owned by SHF and oldco was dissolved. In addition, effective July
1, 2021, SHF entered into an Account Servicing Agreement and Support Services Agreement with PCCU, which memorialized the operational
relationship between SHF and PCCU and which were subsequently amended and restated and are discussed in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

On
September 28, 2022, the parties consummated the Business Combination, resulting in NLIT acquiring all of the issued and outstanding membership
interests of SHF in exchange for an aggregate of 185,000,000, consisting of (i) 11,386,139 shares of the Company s Class A common
stock with an aggregate value equal to 115,000,000 and (ii) 70,000,000 in cash, 56,949,801 of which will be paid on a deferred basis.
At the closing, 1,831,683 shares of the Class A Common Stock were deposited with an escrow agent to be held in escrow for a period of
12 months following the closing date to satisfy potential indemnification claims of the parties. In addition, 3,143,388 in cash and
cash equivalents representing the amount of cash on hand at July 31, 2021, less accrued but unpaid liabilities, were also paid to PCCU
at the closing. For more information about the Business Combination, refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. As a result of the Business Combination, PCCU is now the Company s largest stockholder, owning 43.20 
of the Company s outstanding Class A Common Stock. 

The
Business Combination Agreement was amended to provide for the deferral of a portion of the cash due to PCCU at the closing of the Business
Combination. The purpose of this deferral was to provide the Company with additional cash to support its post-closing activities. Furthermore,
PCCU also agreed to defer 3,143,388, representing certain excess cash of SHF due to PCCU under the Business Combination Agreement, and
the reimbursement of certain reimbursable expenses under the Business Combination Agreement. 

On
October 26, 2022, the Company, entered into a Forbearance Agreement (the Forbearance Agreement with PCCU and Luminous
Capital USA Inc. Luminous ), an affiliate of the sponsor of NLIT. Under the Forbearance Agreement, PCCU has agreed to defer
all payments owed by the Company pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement for a period of six months from the date hereof while
the parties engage in good faith efforts to renegotiate the payment terms of the deferred obligations. 

On March
29, 2023, the Company and PCCU entered into a definitive transaction (Refer to Note 22, Subsequent Events, of the consolidated
financial statements) to settle and restructure the deferred obligations, including 56,949,800 into a five-year Senior Secured Promissory
Note (the Note in the principal amount of 14,500,000 bearing interest at the rate of 4.25 ; a Security Agreement pursuant
to which the Company will grant, as collateral for the Note, a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of
the Company; and a Securities Issuance Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will issue 11,200,000 shares of the Company s Class
A Common Stock to PCCU. 

The
Company generates both interest income and fee income through providing a variety of services to financial institutions desiring to service
the cannabis industry including, among other things, Bank Secrecy Act and other regulatory compliance and reporting, onboarding, responding
to account inquiries, responding to customer service inquiries relating to CRB depository accounts held at PCCU, and sourcing and managing
loans. In addition to PCCU, the Company provides these similar services and outsourced support to other financial institutions providing
banking to the cannabis industry. These services are provided to other financial institutions under the Safe Harbor Master Program Agreement. 

In
connection with the Business Combination Agreement, the Company entered into amended and restated support services and account
servicing agreements the PCCU, under similar terms as the July 2021 agreements (the Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement and the Amended and Restated Account Servicing Agreement, 
respectively). In addition, in conjunction with the Business
Combination Agreement, the Company and PCCU entered into a loan servicing agreement (the Loan Servicing Agreement ). (Refer to Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K for additional information.) 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Our
Marketing Efforts 

Historically,
the Company has grown almost entirely through word of mouth and organic growth. While still robust, growth was constrained by to the
cannabis client concentration limits and other balance sheet constraints applicable to PCCU while it owned 100 of SHF. Thus, marketing
was not necessary. As the market has evolved and with increased competition, marketing will be leveraged at a higher level than in the
past. We have accomplished great success without marketing, and we are confident that allocating marketing dollars to our activities
in conjunction with our business development activities will prove fruitful. 

In
2022, we formally produced our first marketing plan for the next level of success and will be focusing on the following activities to
ensure greater exposure and brand awareness: 

utilization of a well-known
 public relations and investor relations firm, 

new website to optimize
 search engine optimization, 

referral relationships
 and success fees, 

multiple conference participation
 and speaking engagements, 

customer retention promotions,
 and 

email and e-blast campaigns
 along with more traditional direct mail marketing activities. 

To
build out our marketing team, we have added a very high level, well networked individual to continue to expand our national
presence. Our team has networked at multiple levels, establishing a high level of credibility with financial institutions, regulators
and the cannabis industry and has personally assisted numerous cannabis entities with securing banking across the country and is now
bringing that talent and network to the Company. 

Acquisition
of Abaca 

Furthermore,
on October 29, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Abaca Merger Agreement with SHF Merger
Sub I, , SHF Merger Sub II, LLC, Rockview Digital Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, d/b/a Abaca Abaca ), and Dan
Roda, solely in such individual s capacity as the representative of the Abaca security holders. 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, the Company acquired Abaca through mergers with the merger subsidiaries (the Abaca Acquisition ),
in exchange for (a) cash consideration in an amount equal to (i) 9,000,000 3,000,000 is payable
at closing, with an additional 3,000,000 payable at each of the one-year and two-year anniversaries of the closing); and (b) 21,000,000
of validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, payable
in two installments. The stock consideration consists of 2,100,000 shares of SHF s Class A Common Stock to certain Abaca
stockholders at the closing and 12,600,000 (minus the note balance of 500,000 , plus accrued interest) of shares of the
Company s Class A Common Stock at the 1-year anniversary of the Closing Date based on a 10-day VWAP. 

The
Company entered into lock-up agreements with those persons receiving shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (the Lock-Up
Agreements pursuant to which such persons agreed, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to sell, transfer or dispose of
any Class A Common Stock for a period of 180 days from the closing of the Abaca Transaction. 

The
Company also entered into voting agreements with certain stockholders of Abaca (the Voting Agreements representing 70.1 
of the pre-transaction issued and outstanding Company s Class A Common Stock pursuant to which such Persons agreed to vote all
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock owned by them in favor of the transactions contemplated by the Abaca Merger Agreement,
including the issuance of stock consideration in excess of 19.99 of the issued and outstanding Class A Common Stock, and any other action
reasonably requested by the Company in furtherance thereof. 

Also
in connection with the closing of the Abaca Transaction, the Company entered into employment agreements with certain key members of the
Abaca s management. 

Seasonality 

Most
loan production, generally, is subject to seasonality, with the lowest volume typically in the first quarter of each year. This does
not necessarily apply to the Company as we serve the ever expanding cannabis industry with demand for access to capital at reasonable
rates. We expect, based upon our pipeline of demand, a methodical and consistent growth in the lending portfolio. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Loans
are extended to cannabis related businesses, both cannabis licensed and unlicensed ancillary service providers to the cannabis industry.
While credit markets are generally tightening due to market conditions, the cannabis industry continue to grow and expand at a rapid
pace in light of rampant legalization at the state level. This provides an opportunity for lending, unlike the normal commercial market. 

Due
to the federally illegal status of cannabis, most cannabis related businesses, licensed or unlicensed, have faced years of inability
to access capital at reasonable rates; this forces them to purchase properties and fund their businesses from personal investment of
operational cash, again strapping their own growth. This provides for a robust opportunity to lend to established entities with real
estate assets free of debt. Businesses are taking the opportunity to leverage out such assets to expand and grow their operations while
Safe Harbor builds a senior secured portfolio with a solid real estate base. 

Furthermore,
the industry has been subject to hard money lending with annual rates available between 18-36 . This is yet another opportunity
for Safe Harbor to offer refinancing of real estate debts at more favorable interest rates; since the depository relationship is necessary
as part of the compliance monitoring for credit, Safe Harbor benefits from servicing, monitoring, and validating compliance of depository
relationships, earning fees on deposits. This results in a lower cost of capital when considering that we earn on both the depository
and lending relationships. 

Other
Products and Services 

We
offer products and services to financial institutions that we believe are attractively priced with a focus on convenience and accessibility
to the financial institutions customers. We offer to our financial institutions clients a means to offer its CRB customers a full
suite of online banking services, including access to account balances, statements and other documents, online transfers, online bill
payment and electronic delivery of customer statements, as well as automated teller machines ATMs ), and banking by mobile
devices, telephone and mail. We continuously look for ways for improving our products, services and delivery channels; we accomplish
this by upgrading our offerings and technology as the market expands and demands more sophisticated products and services. We have built
the present business over the past 8 years listening to the needs of the cannabis industry and rising to the occasion to expand our business
model with their needs in mind. We will continue to evolve with the industry and lead on this level. 

Investments 

Our
investment policy requires that investment decisions be made based on, but not limited to, the following four principles: investment
quality, liquidity requirements, interest-rate risk sensitivity and estimated return on investment. These characteristics are pillars
of our investment decision-making process, which seeks to minimize exposure to risks while providing a reasonable yield and liquidity. 

Information
Technology Systems 

We
continue to make significant investments in our information technology systems for our deposit, lending, treasury services, and compliance
operations. We believe that these investments, including additional technology changes to implement our strategic plan, are essential
to enhance our overall customer experience, to support our compliance, internal controls and efficiency initiatives, to expand our capabilities
to offer new products, and to provide scale for future growth and acquisitions. Our program, being built under financial institution
regulatory scrutiny, has allowed us to build a state of the art compliance monitoring program to ensure we not only operate with greater
efficiency, but fulfill anti-money laundering and BSA (the Bank Secrecy Act regulatory obligations. 

The
Company is actively engaged in identifying and managing cybersecurity risks. Protecting company data, non-public customer and employee
data, and the systems that collect, process, and maintain this information is deemed critical. The Company has an enterprise-wide Information
Security Program, or Security Program, which is designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of customer non-public
information and bank data. The Security Program was also designed to protect our operations and assets through a continuous and comprehensive
cybersecurity detection, protection and prevention program. This program includes an information security governance structure and related
policies and procedures, security controls, protocols governing data and systems, monitoring processes, and processes to ensure that
the information security programs of third-party service providers are adequate. Our Security Program also continuously promotes cybersecurity
awareness and culture across the organization. 

The
Company also has a business continuity/disaster recovery plan, or BCP, which it actively manages to prepare for any business continuity
challenges it may face. Our BCP provides for the resiliency and recovery of our operations and services to our customers. The plan is
supported and complemented by a robust business continuity governance framework, a life safety program as well as an enterprise-wide
annual exercise and training to keep the program and strategies effective, scalable and understood by all employees. We believe both
the Security Program and BCP adhere to industry best practices and comply with the guidelines of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination
Council, or FFIEC, and are subject to periodic testing and independent audits. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Competition 

The
banking and financial services industry has become highly competitive in just the past couple years due to a couple facts. First, none
of the frontrunner financial service providers have faced prosecution for serving the industry and, with 8 years of historical evidence,
other financial service providers feel more comfortable venturing into serving the cannabis industry. Second, those of us serving the
industry for the past several years are expanding and solidifying relationships with the industry, gaining market share, and other financial
institutions are realizing this as a missed opportunity. We will now find ourselves competing with a wide range of lenders and other
financial institutions entering the cannabis market, mostly composed of local and regional banks or credit unions. 

We
also have limited competition with brokerage firms, trust service providers, consumer finance companies, mutual funds, securities firms,
insurance companies, third-party payment processors, and other financial intermediaries on various elements of our products and services.
While many enter the market with rigor, they find themselves exiting the market due to the complexity and demands of serving the cannabis
industry. Some of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions and the level of regulatory supervision applicable to
us. Interest rates on loans and deposits, as well as prices on fee-based services, are typically significant competitive factors within
the banking and financial services industry. 

Few
of our competitors are much larger financial institutions that have greater financial resources than we do and compete aggressively for
market share. These competitors attempt to gain market share through their financial product mix, pricing strategies, and larger banking
center networks. However, due to the high risk nature of providing cannabis services, they find they must create specialized compliance
programs to meet the expectations of their regulators; this puts the entire financial institution at risk for enforcement actions. They
are realizing that a specialized external program that separates and monitors cannabis activities is a much safer approach; providing
Safe Harbor another opportunity to work side by side with larger banks. 

The
fintech platform we have created at a national level allows us to compete with other financial institutions entering the market as the
cannabis companies are often doing business in multiple states and desiring only one reliable financial service provider. Since Safe
Harbor has incorporated remote financial services for years, this is already a strong competitive advantage for us. 

While
we seek to remain competitive with respect to fees charged, interest rates, and pricing, we believe that our broad and sophisticated
suite of services relating to commercial banking, our high-quality customer service culture, our positive reputation, and long-standing
community relationships enable us to compete successfully within our markets and enhance our ability to attract and retain customers. 

Our
Business Strategy 

Our
strategic plan is primarily focused on providing onboarding, monitoring and compliance services to financial institutions desiring to
provide business banking, and commercial banking services to their customers. Our strategy aims to achieve significant
growth in domestic onboarded deposits and relationships while simultaneously retaining and growing our international markets and customer
base. Our primary strategy, now that we have access to public markets, is to focus on creating a one-stop financial service center upon
which cannabis businesses can rely; we accomplish this using our reliable reputation and building out service components with other single
service providers now serving the cannabis industry with similar reliability. 

Our
key strategic initiatives include: 

Compliance
 First: Due to the fact that we are providing services to financial institutions that
 desire to provide banking services to CRBs, thereby allowing funds derived from cannabis-related
 businesses to flow through the financial system, we must ensure the system is protected from
 illicit activities by monitoring and validating funds along with knowing our customer. 
 Our close partnerships with financial institutions demand that we understand the regulatory
 pressure they face with high risk, cash intensive businesses. 

Deposits
 A Primary Focus upon which to grow relationships. Our focus on growing deposits is twofold
 on a strategic level. First, we must Know our Customer (KYC) in order to assist with facilitating
 the movement of their funds into the financial system with safe and sound practices. We have
 the benefit of knowing every operational dollar moving in and out of the accounts; this secures
 a great understanding of the business, operations, cashflow, and continuity. The second most
 strategic factor of growing deposits is that it is critical to our near and long-term success
 on our lending strategy. Utilizing our deposit balances on which to lend will allow us to
 reduce our use of alternative funding sources and the use of core deposits to fund our growth;
 this, in turn, will improve our mix of deposits and enable us to achieve a lower cost of
 funds. 

Lending
 to solidify a long-term relationship: Lending provides us not only increased profit margins
 over the long term, but a solid long term relationship with the client; this ensures reduced
 client attrition. This is the relationship we will strive for from the KYC competitive advantage
 we presently hold, with over 1000 accounts from which to select the most credit worthy opportunities
 and understand the business to whom we lend at a very intimate level. 

Internal
 Lending Function: To optimize control of the lending process, facilitate servicing, and
 grow a participation network of financial institutions interested in securing portions of
 larger loans, we will build out the function in 2023. This will enable us to speed up our
 processes and scale the lending portfolio in line with our depository growth. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Financial
 Institution Relationships to scale: It will be important to have the right financial
 institutions partnering with the Company as we scale our business nationally. So often, financial
 institutions wish to enter the market only to exit due to the complexities of serving the
 industry. We will seek out financial institutions that can provide reliable access to additional
 functionality and balance sheet access for growth. We will narrow our partnerships to those
 providing optimal financial positioning for both our clients and the Company; willing to
 build as we build. 

A
 Superior Customer Experience to Make Banking with Us Easy. We have already taken steps
 to better target and attract core deposits and accelerate our digital transformation by making
 investments in technology and developing fintech partnerships. We have been focused on evaluating
 digital solutions in a number of areas. This includes investments made to automate our process
 for opening accounts, small business lending, and the ability to offer our wealth management
 customers a leading digital platform. Furthermore, our business model allows us to cultivate
 close relationships between service representatives and clients; this ensures that we know
 their needs while increasing our knowledge of their operations. 

Rationalize
 Existing and Evaluate New Lines of Businesses. Key to our strategy and expectations for growth also includes rationalizing
 existing and evaluating new lines of businesses, to further grow our revenue streams and fee income opportunities. Our plan includes
 the expansion of our treasury management and wealth management functions, as well as to build specialty finance capabilities. This
 initiative will incorporate a robust merger and acquisition strategy that allows us to expand more rapidly than new entrants into
 the market trying to compete. 

Significantly
 Improve Operational Efficiency. Our goal is to improve our efficiency ratio. While we
 believe there are opportunities to reduce our costs, we also need to identify and automate
 manual processes that are currently being performed. The additional technology expertise
 resulting from our last acquisition will enable us to assess and automate faster. 

Improve
 Brand Awareness. Building brand awareness in the communities we serve will be key for
 both growing our presence in these markets as well as laying a strong foundation for future
 expansion. With a major focus on marketing and business development has been put into place
 and funded, we will build out a greater national brand awareness; efforts pursuant to this
 did not exist in the past. Many initiatives are underway including improved signage and promotions,
 evaluating affinity relationships, and greater community involvement. We will continue to
 work with state officials, regulators, and legislators to familiarize them with the manner
 financial services can be available in a safe and sound way for their state; this will ensure
 their community safety. This multi-prong approach utilizing internal expertise and networks
 forged over the past 8 years will allow us to dominate the financial arena moving forward. 

Attract,
 Retain, Develop and Reward the Best Team Members to Execute our Strategy. Our primary
 differentiator is our culture and the quality of our people delivering our products and services
 in such a manner that customers receive the best knowledge, expertise, advice, and service
 when and where they need it. We will continue to attract, retain, develop, and reward the
 best team members to execute our strategy. In doing so, we will implement development programs
 that enable employees to pursue career aspirations, expand their depth of knowledge and improve
 their skill set. 

Human
Capital Management 

The
Company s key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop the highest quality talent. To support these
objectives, the Company s human resources programs are designed to continuously develop talent; reward and support our team members
through competitive pay and benefits; enhance the Company s culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more engaging
and inclusive; and engage team members as brand ambassadors of our products and experiences. 

Our
corporate culture and core values (focus on the customer, innovative and forward thinking, sound financial management, doing what is
right, collaborative thinking, developing our people and strengthening our communities) reflect our commitments to our customers, investors,
team members, and the communities in which we do business. These values serve as guiding principles to provide a safe and positive work
environment for our team members and delivering on our goals to our customers, investors, stakeholders and communities we serve. We believe
we have a strong workforce, with a good mix of professional credentials, experience, tenure and diversity, that coupled with their commitment
to uncompromising values, provide the foundation for our Company s success. 

The
Company s Human Capital Management includes the following areas of focus: 

Experience.
 Due to the high risk and complex nature of serving cannabis businesses, we strive to build a workforce with experience with the cannabis
industry. We can more easily train compliance and financial services, but cannabis expertise is difficult to train. 

Talent.
 Attracting, developing, and retaining the best talent with the right skills is central to our long-term strategy to drive our success. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Our
workforce composition is aligned with our business needs. Management trusts it has adequate human capital to operate its business successfully.
The Company had 65 full-time equivalent employees, or FTEs, at the end of 2022. Approximately 45 of our workforce is in Colorado and
another 35 in Arkansas, with an expanding remote workforce to cultivate new and existing cannabis relationships in multiple states. 

Talent
acquisition efforts focused on sales, business development and income generator roles. In 2022 we expanded our cash management team and
brought on board a sales team to focus on offering access banking services and products. Our talent acquisition team uses
internal and external resources to recruit highly skilled and talented workers, and we encourage and reward employee referrals for open
positions. We hire the best person for the job without regard to gender, ethnicity or other protected traits and it is our policy to
comply fully with all federal and state laws relating to discrimination in the workplace. 

Fair
and Consistent Practices. Employees want to know that if they are working hard and dedicated to the company, the person next to them
should be as well. All of our communications, evaluations, assessments, and monitoring ensure that our employees are treated with respect
and are able to trust that the company will ensure fair and consistent treatment. Performance evaluations done on an annual basis provide
for competitive pay increases and access to the equity incentive plan. We work to make them feel part of the team no matter what role
they fill. Evaluations are used to build staff expertise, efficiencies and competencies; utilizing objective criteria on which to base
rewards. 

Learning
and Development. Our team members are inspired to achieve their full potential through learning and development opportunities, recognition,
and motivation. We invest in creating opportunities to help them grow and build their careers, through a multitude of learning and development
programs. These include online instructor-led, cannabis industry focused conferences, and on-the-job learning assignments. Understanding
that all employees learn differently, we offer a variety of learning options including traditional classroom learning, virtual learning,
any time learning, mobile learning, and social collaboration. 

Leadership
Development and Succession Planning. We focus on growing leadership internally and ensuring the continuity of business at all levels.
We do this with mentoring programs, delegating to train employees to the next level, and specific leadership training programs to encourage
staff to reach hire levels. Promoting from within is a solid strategy for long term success and loyalty. 

Employee
engagement. To assess and improve employee retention and engagement, the Company regularly conducts anonymous surveys to seek feedback
from our employees on a variety of topics, including but not limited to, confidence in company leadership, competitiveness of our compensation
and benefits package, career growth opportunities, and improvements on how we could make our company an employer of choice. The Company
closely monitors the implementation of these surveys and results are shared with our employees and reviewed by senior leadership, who
analyze areas of progress or deterioration and prioritize actions and activities to drive meaningful improvements in employee engagement.
Management believes that the Company s employee relations are favorable. 

We
also hold regular strategic update meetings to review corporate strategies and financial successes to ensure they understand the underlying
reason for assigned tasks and goals. We establish regular functional area meetings at which employees are encouraged to provide client
and operational feedback, ensuring they contribute and demonstrate future potential talent. Cross functional meetings are also scheduled
regularly to ensure cross functional teamwork. 

Health
and Safety. Consistent with our operating principles, the health and safety of our employees is of top priority. Hazards in the workplace
are actively identified and management tracks incidents so remedial actions can be taken to improve workplace safety. The COVID-19 pandemic
has underscored for us the importance of keeping our employees safe and healthy. In response to the pandemic, the Company has continued
taking actions aligned with the World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to protect its workforce
so they can more safely and effectively perform their work. We implemented remote work options that have enabled employees a combination
of working at the office or from home. We ensure further safety by encouraging any employee that might not feel well or have family members
that might be ill to work from home in order to protect the office environment. 

Diversity
and Inclusion. Our diversity and inclusion goals are to build teams that reflect the communities we serve while hiring and supporting
a diverse array of talent. Over 45 of our workforce is female with over 45 of management also comprised of female employees. Likewise,
we have over 25 of the workforce represented as Latino, Hispanic or African American. 

Our
diversity and inclusion pillars are also reflected in our employee learning programs, particularly with respect to our policies against
harassment and the elimination of bias in the workplace. Annual harassment training is done by all employees to ensure a workplace free
of any type of harassment. Any and all complaints are dealt with in the most professional and expedited manner, creating a level of trust
between management and staff. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Total
Rewards (compensation and benefits). As part of our compensation philosophy, we believe in a competitive, total rewards program aligned
with our business objectives and the interests of our stakeholders. We remain committed to delivering a compensation program with the
fundamental principles of fairness, transparency, efficiency, and compliance with laws and regulations. Based on specific job position
and market conditions, our total rewards program combines fixed and variable compensation: base salary, short-term incentive, equity-based
long-term incentive, and a broad range of benefits. This compensation approach plays a significant role in our ability to attract, retain
and motivate the quality of talent necessary to achieve our strategic business goals and drive sustained performance. Our compensation
model engages employees to contribute towards the achievement of shared corporate objectives, while differentiating pay on performance
based on individual contributions. 

Wellness.
 The Company takes pride in providing excellent health and wellness benefits to our employees and their families. The benefits package
offered includes comprehensive medical, dental, vision, as well as supplemental short and long-term life and out of pocket costs insurance.
Along with these benefits, we also offer and fund a portion of employee Health Savings Accounts (HSA) monthly. 

Medical
Plans. Our nationwide healthcare plans allow full-time and part time employees to select from multiple health plan options. The company
provides competitive medical premiums. The Company contributes a percentage of the employee premium depending upon tenure, with those
employed longest receiving full payment of premium for employee coverage. The Company also contributes monthly towards the HSA accounts. 

Dental,
Vision and Legal Plans. Employees are eligible to participate in our dental, vision, and legal plan offerings. The Company contributes
up to 100 depending on the plan and chosen tier and provides access to numerous providers across the country. Employees can also choose
to purchase out-of-pocket insurance policies providing income protection and cash for services with different plans from accident, short-term
disability, long term disability, additional life insurance, and more. 

401K
Retirement Plan. In addition to health insurance benefits, the Company also offers to all employees a tax-qualified retirement contribution
plan, with the Company s 100 matching contribution up to 4 of a participant s eligible compensation, and a non-tax qualified
retirement contribution plan to certain eligible highly-compensated employees. Our total benefits package supports our employees 
well-being to achieve a healthy and financial lifestyle goal. 

PTO
Plan. Employees enjoy a solid PTO plan that allows for 4 weeks of personal time off their first year, working up to a maximum of
7 weeks of PTO depending on tenure. Employees are also allowed to sell back PTO weeks based upon their tenure, allowing for a benefit
many take advantage of to fund vacations, family situations, and even holiday shopping. They are allowed to carry over 80 hours into
a new year and excess hours are paid to the employee at that time. 

EMERGING
GROWTH COMPANY STATUS 

We
are an emerging growth company, or EGC , as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the
 JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are
applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an EGC can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section
7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. In other words, an EGC can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply
to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period, for as long as it is available.
We will remain an EGC until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the date of the
first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and (b) in which
we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, (2) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most
recently completed second fiscal quarter, and (3) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during
the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning provided in the JOBS Act. 

BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY 

Summary
of the Company s Business 

The
Company is a market-leading service provider to financial institutions for the legal U.S. cannabis marketplace and has been successful
in doing so since its inception, through its predecessor, in 2015. We believe the Company is a marketplace leader in: 

Onboarding, verification and monitoring of customer accounts maintained at our client financial institutions; 

11 

 Table of Contents 

building a national presence by providing services to financial institutions who have CRB customers in 20 states, with the foundation
to scale and expand our services to financial institutions in all state-legal cannabis markets across the United States and its territories; 

developing proprietary onboarding and compliance software maintaining the highest standard of Know Your Customer KYC and Bank Secrecy Act BSA compliance; 

compliant lending services and assisting in underwriting for loans to CRBs and ancillary service providers to CRBs; and 

successfully navigating the high scrutiny that comes with 16 state and federal examinations in its more than seven-year operating history. 

The
Company was conceived in 2015 as a solution to a major problem that plagued the nascent legalized cannabis industry in Colorado - access
to reliable and compliant financial services. Cannabis related funds were already finding their way into the financial system, including
via hidden, misrepresented accounts and unlawful banking practices. Based upon our research, we determined that the appropriate step
was to protect the financial system from criminal activity and provide legitimacy to the legal state CRBs. From decades of regulatory
and banking experience, we created a detailed compliance program to assist financial institutions desiring to provide safe and sound
financial services that would accomplish industry accountability and protect the financial system. The compliance program provides onboarding,
validation and monitoring services to financial institutions desiring to provide traditional banking services to all types of marijuana,
hemp, and CBD businesses, and to ancillary businesses that provide services to the cannabis industry. These ancillary businesses include
payroll companies, payment processors, and professionals providing services to and receiving payment from CRBs. As the lawful cannabis
industry grew beyond Colorado, the Company evolved its business practices to build a national footprint and currently provides services
to financial institutions that provide banking services in 20 states where cannabis is either legal medicinally or for full adult use. 

The
Company has capitalized on the opportunity to do what financial institutions would not do directly provide access to financial
services to the underserved cannabis industry. Among the factors preventing most financial institutions from providing similar services
are: 

conflicting state and federal laws regarding legalization; 

the high-risk nature of cannabis due to its black market history and undocumented, illegally earned legacy funds; 

FinCEN guidance issued in 2014 (the 2014 FinCen Guidance explaining how financial institutions might serve the cannabis
industry, creating potential for differing interpretations and inconsistent standards; 

under-the-radar operations of CRBs and the complex nature of the corporate structures created to separate and protect assets, which creates
steep learning curves necessitating the specialized cannabis sector training, onboarding, monitoring and funds validation; 

BSA obligations to which few financial institutions are willing to dedicate the significant necessary resources, and fear of non-compliance,
which can result in millions of dollars in fines assessed against the financial institution. 

The
lack of a safe harbor regulatory provision that would protect officers and directors from prosecution for providing financial
services to companies that produce and sell cannabis products provides the business opportunity that we have sought to fulfill. 

During
April 2021, the United States House of Representatives passed the SAFE Banking Act of 2021 (the SAFE Act ). The SAFE Act
would prohibit federal regulators from fining and penalizing financial institutions and their management/executive team who service legitimate
businesses including those in the cannabis industry (i.e. those legal operating in states that have approved cannabis for medicinal and/or
adult use). The SAFE Act has not been brought to or passed by the Senate and therefore is not law. Even with the passage of the SAFE
Act, we do not believe the above barriers to entry would be significantly reduced. We feel due to the high cash nature of the business,
which we believe will persist in the near and mid term, and the illicit history of cannabis, many potential competitors will remain hesitant
to serve the industry, resulting in an outsized opportunity for the Company. 

Since
inception (including its predecessor, Eagle Legacy Services, LLC, a subsidiary of PCCU), the Company has onboarded over 12 billion in
cannabis related funds into the financial system with what we believe to be the highest level of monitoring and validation. In conjunction
with its financial institution clients, the Company has successfully completed 16 state and federal exams without interruption resulting
in reliable financial services. The Company s onboarded deposits currently consist of nearly 600 accounts that were onboarded and
validated in a methodical manner to ensure continuity of service while under significant regulator scrutiny. The Company s services
started with only 10 test CRBs resulting in current onboarded accounts representing approximately 60 times growth since the Company began
operations. The Company has successfully grown its onboarded deposits at a rapid pace, with a compound annual growth rate CAGR of 69 from 2015 to 2021. Onboarded deposits processed in 2021 were approximately 3.6 billion. 

The
Company s onboarding process for CRBs desiring banking services through PCCU or another financial institution is a multi-step process
that is designed to fulfill the financial institution s know your customer requirements and the diligence expectations
set forth in the 2014 FinCEN Guidance related to providing services to CRBs, particularly developing an understanding of the normal and
expected activity for the business. 

The account opening process begins with an application and supporting documentation provided by the CRB, which are uploaded and logged
so that, following a quality control review, open items and questions are flagged for follow up. All account-related documentation is
stored in a secure database that allows the Company s oversight, audit and exam functions to have access to all of the CRB s
documents. 

As part of the Company s diligence process, background checks are performed on all business owners, with the need for additional
background checks of indirect owners or investors determined in the application review stage. 

Other diligence includes, among other things, as applicable, confirmation of licensure, on-site visits to review business processes and
inspect business locations, verification of sources of funds, review of business and inventory records, and review of other information
necessary for a full understanding of the prospective customer s business and historical operations. 

The account opening process is completed with the assistance of a financial institution staff member. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Currently,
substantially all deposits are maintained by PCCU, and all transmissions of funds to or from these deposit
accounts are handled directly by PCCU. We have expanded, and intend to continue to expand, our relationships with other financial institutions
that similarly hold the CRB deposit accounts and handle transmissions of funds to and from the accounts. Although we do not hold the
deposit accounts, we believe that account retention is a measure of our ability to efficiently and compliantly onboard, validate and
monitor CRB accounts. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our account retention rate, representing onboarded accounts active at the
end of the year as compared to onboarded accounts open at January 1, 2022, is 93.0 . The largest 10 CRB accounts held at PCCU for the
period ended December 31, 2022 represented less than 5 of fee income from onboarded deposits, which is currently our largest source
of revenue. Building upon the existing foundation, we believe the Company has the ability to continue to grow the financial institution
clients for which it onboards deposits and related fee income at a strong pace. In addition, we plan to add access to additional financial
services to the Company s platform, such as merchant processing, custodial relationships, insurance products, broker/dealer services,
payment processing services and investment services, although in each case these services would be provided by a third party holding
necessary licenses. 

The
Company had 4 loans on its balance sheet as of December 31, 2022; each of these loans is in excess of 10 of the total loan balance.
The Company also indemnified 5 loans as of December 31, 2022; 3 of these indemnified loans were in excess of 10 of the total balance. 

What
Safe Harbor Does 

The
Company has developed and commercialized a fully compliant financial services platform for financial institutions providing banking services
to CRBs to access and maintain reliable financial services as long as both the financial institution client and the CRB meet regulatory
requirements. Our platform has been streamlined and finetuned for the past 7 years which enables the Company s staff to efficiently
guide financial institution clients and the CRBs desiring banking services through the onboarding, validation and monitoring process.
Our automated platform provides for an efficient and effective management tool allowing our employees to provide continuity of service
while enabling compliance staff to monitor BSA activities. 

Through
the Company s platform, our financial institution clients have the ability to provide CRBs with access to traditional financial
services including wires, debit, ACH, remote deposit capture, business checking and savings accounts, courier and vaulting services,
cash management accounts and commercial lending. We believe our services have been implemented consistent with applicable law and regulations,
ensuring our financial institution clients will be able to provide CRBs with reliable access to these services. We feel our history of
developing processes that satisfy regulatory standards has resulted in a solid reputation with related authorities and solidifies our
ability to continue to grow existing services and reduces barriers in expanding into new service offerings. 

The
Company maintains relationships with PCCU, and other financial institutions in which the CRB funds are deposited
and monetary transactions are performed. The Company s agreements with the financial institution allow the Company s platform
to interface with the financial institution s core banking systems and extract data necessary to monitor the deposit accounts onboarded
by the Company s transactions, such as funds transmissions to or from the accounts, occur through PCCU s and other financial
institution client s infrastructure. 

When
a CRB or ancillary service provider approaches PCCU or other financial institution for which the Company provides its onboarding services,
an initial onboarding fee is assessed based on the type and complexity of the business. Onboarding is an important part of the KYC requirements
set forth in federal guidance. The onboarding process can require a great deal of time depending on the business complexity and the fee
we assess is based upon the complexity and required time to complete the process. Additionally, the Company assesses monthly deposit
and activity fees, which have historically been the majority of our revenue. These fees are also based on business type and size. Monitoring
and validating deposit activity is paramount to the success of the Company s platform. We believe our compliance-first focus reassures
regulators and law enforcement that the Company continues to focus on the safety and soundness of the financial system. 

Investment
income is also generated when PCCU or other financial institution clients invest CRB deposits. Under the Account Servicing Agreement
with PCCU, PCCU retains 25 of this related investment income. Through its relationship with PCCU, depository amounts invested are typically
restricted to low-risk assets with high liquidity and low returns. Amounts invested are regulatorily restricted depending on the regulating
authorities of the financial institutions with whom we contract. 

The
level of CRB deposits onboarded by the Company and held at PCCU allows for robust lending capacity. During 2020, the Company implemented
a commercial lending program, which will be a strong pillar for future revenue and profit growth. The focus will primarily include senior
secured lending with smaller loans considered for unsecured lending. Collateral types would include real estate, equipment, and other
business assets. The commercial lending program is built on: 

stringent collateral package requirements with ample loan to value coverage; 

strong underwriting of collateral and creditworthiness of borrower; and 

a deep knowledge and understanding of the industry, borrowers operations and the cannabis industry business cycle. 

Currently,
lending is primarily funded through PCCU using the funds from CRB deposit accounts onboarded by the Company. The Company is currently
seeking relationships with additional financial institutions that would fund the Company s loans and other sources of working capital
with which the Company could fund the loans directly. The Company has created a lending program tailored specifically to the unique needs
of CRBs while also achieving strong returns on quality loans. We believe that fees based on deposits that we onboard and interest on
Federal Reserve Bank will represent the most significant portion of our revenue by 2023. While third parties are presently used to provide
loan underwriting and servicing, the Company plans on building out a full-service internal lending function to improve the efficiency
of our lending process and to increase future profitability. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

We
feel we have taken a creative and methodical approach in building the Company s platform, which has allowed us to nationally scale
our business. The platform s policies, training, monitoring and other processes are well established with talented and expert level
knowledge. We also plan to further expand the officer level suite with talent that we believe will further our success. We anticipate
this combination will provide a competitive advantage for us as we focus on continued growth. 

Industry
Overview 

The
Company provides a variety of onboarding, compliance, and monitoring services to financial institutions and other financial services
providers to the large and quickly expanding U.S. cannabis industry. The cannabis industry is one of the fastest emerging consumer end
markets in the U.S. According to the 2021 Annual Marijuana Business Factbook, the industry is expected to grow from a 20 billion market
in 2020 to 46 billion by 2025, representing a 14 and 20 CAGR in medicinal and adult use respectively. As of November 2022, 38 states
plus the District of Columbia have legalized medical cannabis, and 18 states plus the District of Columbia have legalized adult-use cannabis.
Additional states that have recently enacted efforts to legalize, such as New York and New Jersey, are expected to contribute significantly
to the 2025 market size, which is when they are expected to be fully operational and supported by proper infrastructure. 

The
Company s management is well positioned to assist growing markets; having created a reliable reputation and network over the past
seven years. The team is often called upon to work with state and federal officials, regulators, law enforcement and financial service
providers to share experience and knowledge on navigating access to financial services. We believe this expertise will allow us to enter
new markets with greater ease. 

Further
momentum with pending legislative and regulatory changes is expected to drive expansion of the total addressable market as more states
continue to legalize cannabis for adult-use and medical use. According to a 2022 report from New Frontier Data, an expected 52 million
U.S. adults will consume cannabis at least once in 2022 across both legal and unregulated markets. That number is projected to grow by
roughly 4 per year over the next eight years, reaching an estimated 71 million U.S. consumers by 2030. 

Over
89 million Americans (26 of the U.S. population) live in states where possession and use of cannabis remain illegal. Currently, approximately
91 of U.S. adults say marijuana should be legal for medical use only or medical and adult-use. This would greatly increase potential
end users and we believe reduce stigma around the use of cannabis and cannabis related products. 

The
Company s strategy is to be a first-mover in future new legal markets through its platform offering access to financial services,
which already allows financial institutions to offer their services to CRBs in multiple states. 

We
believe there is currently a very small subset of the financial services industry willing to provide a full suite of financial services
to CRBs and these providers are extremely fragmented. The Company has been a front runner in assisting financial institutions that desire
to provide reliable financial services to the industry and is well known amongst the leaders in the cannabis financial services arena.
Going forward, we feel this positions the Company well to further optimize market position and become the leading provider of access
to financial services focused on the cannabis industry. 

Key
Challenges 

Legal
Environment 

Cannabis
remains a controlled substance under the CSA. The conflict between federal and state laws allows for prosecution at the federal level,
assets remain subject to seizure, and there are potential punitive actions by third parties (including regulated) against financial institutions
and financial services providers for entering the business. The only quasi-protective measure in place is the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer
Amendment to the Appropriations Budget. However, this amendment is not specifically for financial institutions and is only for the general
purpose of prohibiting the use of federal funds to prosecute CRBs in states that have created a regulatory framework for medical cannabis
only. The uncertainty of the legal landscape has increased with the previous Attorney General s January 2018 rescission of the
Cole Memorandum, which was guidance issued in August 2013 from then Deputy Attorney General James M. Cole to federal prosecutors that
de-prioritized the enforcement of federal marijuana prohibitions. Although, in our opinion, the authority to prosecute cannabis related
violations appears to remain vested in each state s Attorney General, we believe that the 2014 FinCEN Guidance provide an important
framework for compliance to parties providing services to CRBs. We also believe that the successful completion of 16 regulatory examinations
of our financial institution clients for which we provide onboarding services demonstrates that it is possible to structure onboarding,
validation and monitoring services in a compliant manner. 

Pending
Legislation 

Legislation
pending at the federal level such as the SAFE Banking Act described above will provide limited protection to financial institutions banking
the industry and other financial services providers in as much as the companies and their officers will not be prosecuted or fined simply
for servicing the cannabis industry. However, legislation will not protect financial institutions from breaches of Bank Secrecy Act BSA regulations, which may lead to significant penalties, often resulting in substantial fines assessed by FinCEN. Given inherent risks associated
with the cannabis industry such as the remaining illicit market and illegal past, the need to bank the industry at an elevated level
of compliance will not change if the legislation passes at the federal level unless BSA changes, which is unlikely. 

Complexity
of Business 

The
nature of the cannabis business is such that businesses utilize sophisticated business structures for asset protection and to create
ways to maximize tax efficiencies. This makes for very complex business structures with some companies having twenty plus related entities
that financial institutions must monitor for adherence to anti-money laundering AML )/BSA regulations. This understanding,
diligence and underwriting is labor-intensive work requiring significant hands-on resources. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Regulatory
Uncertainty 

Due
to the divergence between cannabis-related state and federal law, we believe venturing into providing access to banking and financial
services for CRBs remains cutting edge. We feel that the scrutiny and pressure under which financial institutions and financial
services providers must operate to maintain compliant while servicing CRBs, coupled with the pending status of further federal legislation,
causes most financial institutions and financial services providers to shy away from the industry. We, however, view this as an opportunity.
While the Company is not regulated as a subsidiary of a regulated financial institution, our agreements with our financial institution
partners and the nature of our services typically require we provide these services in a compliant manner. This primarily relates to
offering services that are compliant with the 2014 FinCEN Guidance and the BSA. In addition, given our history of being born from a credit
union, our services historically have been subject to regulatory oversight from the National Credit Union Administration NCUA ).
As we are no longer a credit union service organization post-Business Combination, this is no longer the case. The Company will nevertheless
continue to be subject to a range of laws, rules, and regulations, including those applicable to the Company as a wholly owned subsidiary
of an SEC registrant. In order to ensure we provide our services in an appropriate manner, we maintain policies and procedures we believe
to be aligned with the requirements of 2014 FinCEN Guidance and the BSA. These policies and procedures are continuously assessed by management
and formally reviewed at least annually. All employees are provided ongoing and annual training to ensure our services are delivered
in an appropriate manner. An external audit firm is engaged to audit our compliance with certain policies on a quarterly and annual basis. 

BSA/AML
Regulations and Ramifications 

BSA
penalties for non-compliance are significant. For example, during March 2022, FinCEN issued a consent order issuing a 140 million civil
penalty to a financial institution for failing to address previously identified AML program issues and other BSA compliance issues. This
fine was unrelated to CRBs, which we believe provides a higher risk industry. We believe that most institutions cannot withstand such
a penalty and will not take that risk. BSA talent is difficult to find and delegating such legal risk to BSA staff takes a great deal
of trust, training, and additional resources to monitor activities and protect the financial institution. We believe our history and
experience of providing compliant financial services and in conjunction with our financial institution clients successfully completing
16 regulatory examinations reduces our risk in this area and provides us with a competitive advantage. We are committed to providing
services in a compliance first fashion. 

Certification
Program for Financial Institutions 

Standardization
between financial service providers and various regulating agencies (FDIC/OCC/NCUA) has created a difficult situation for law enforcement
when determining which entities are protecting the financial system. The Company has worked with state attorneys general to build comfort
and understanding on what constitutes a safe and sound program, ensuring no illicit funds enter the financial system. An example of this
collaboration led to the development of a New Mexico cannabis banking certification program upon which financial institutions can obtain
certification and law enforcement can rely on these certifications to make better assumptions with regards to those financial service
providers truly assisting with their priorities. The Company s test certifications for Hemp/Cannabis/Testing and financial institutions
have been successfully completed and presented to law enforcement for their review. At this point, they have supported the efforts and
the program will move forward to include annual certification requirements with minimum standards. The Company will continue to work
with law enforcement to complete a certification program for cannabis banking financial institutions; setting a standard upon which law
enforcement can rely. 

Cannabis
Focused Fintech Competition 

Financial
regulators have created a real or perceived barrier to entry for most financial institutions. This has created the utilization of fintech
models to provided financial services to the cannabis industry. Unregulated fintechs, i.e., those not formally regulated by federal agencies,
are not subject to the same restrictions as chartered financial institutions (i.e., concentration limits on the percentage of balance
sheet composed of higher risk cannabis deposits). Fintechs may enjoy this less restricted environment for a period of time but we anticipate
these companies will become subject to increasing regulatory requirements. We believe competition at the fintech level remains limited,
as the emerging cannabis market requires the creation of sustainable fintech models that understand the regulatory environment, combining
technology and regulation. While not fully regulated, fintech models are responsible for moving funds through the financial system via
banking partners and must therefore be aware of regulations surrounding the movement of funds and implement BSA programs themselves. 

How
the Company Addresses These Challenges 

The
Company s solutions are designed to address the key challenges faced by financial institutions desiring to provide banking services
to CRBs. Today s industry participants lack sufficient and reliable access to traditional financial services. We believe our solutions
offer valuable services making communities safer, drive growth in local economies and foster long term partnerships. 

The
Company serves financial institutions desiring to provide banking services to the regulated cannabis industry and maintains a high standard
of accountability, transparency, monitoring, reporting and risk mitigation measures while meeting BSA obligations in-line with the 2014
FinCEN Guidance relating to CRBs. BSA obligations vary depending on the growth and complexity of the CRB banking customers business,
resulting in financial service providers constantly adjusting activities to meet expectations. The Company s program has actual
 hands-on experience in the market since January 2015. We have increased BSA activities every year to manage to the emerging
market risks and growth of the portfolio. This experience has allowed for the formulation of best practices and standardized processes
that provide for a better understanding of these risks in order to mitigate them. We believe that the Company s brand has been
optimized on a national level to include sound and recognized exposure with financial institutions, legislators, governing officials,
attorneys generals, regulators and the overall cannabis industry. 

We
have developed proprietary software built specifically for the cannabis industry from input gathered from our experience handling the
onboarding of CRB accounts for PCCU. Our software enables our financial institution clients to manage the customer onboarding process,
including applications and intake, know your customer diligence, and ongoing compliance monitoring, coupled with financial
services relationship monitoring. Our software is continuously improved based on our experience and is updated to include new options
and functions associated with the emerging cannabis market. Our software is able to run on different core banking systems, so as a result
we are able to offer this software to financial institution clients who desire to use our software for diligence and monitoring purposes
for their own CRB customers without our assistance. Ultimately, we believe that our software can be updated to accommodate new industries
and to enhance existing processes for increased efficiencies. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Financial
institutions continue to shy away from banking the cannabis market due to cannabis remaining a Schedule 1 drug, thus illegal under federal
law. Because there is no safe harbor for financial institutions seeking to provide banking services to CRBs, it provides
us the opportunity to capitalize on our knowledge and position as a market leader. We believe most financial institutions will not enter
the market until federal legalization occurs especially the large, multi-state financial institutions. Even then, the industry
will still be considered a higher-risk banking sector needing strong experience and vetted programs. The 2014 FinCEN Guidance issued
in February 2014 detailed the regulatory agency s compliance and monitoring expectations for financial institutions servicing the
cannabis industry. In our opinion, this created a window of opportunity allowing for the ability to serve the cannabis industry. We believe
this window of opportunity, along with our proven track record, reduces the risk of any negative consequences as a result of servicing
the cannabis industry. 

It
is our opinion that many competitors will attempt to enter the financial services market without understanding the complexity or regulatory
demands and we believe many will quit once they assess required resources to maintain a compliant program. We have seen several financial
institutions divest their balance sheet of cannabis risk in the last year due to regulatory pressures and demands on BSA dedicated resources. 

Banking,
or the lack of banking provided to the cannabis industry, remains a national issue due to the conflict in federal and state laws, reputational
risk, and AML/BSA regulatory requirements. CRBs have been unbanked or even banked secretly. Many financial institutions start serving
the industry only to quickly close down their cannabis focused operations due to i) lack of industry knowledge, ii) regulatory pressure,
iii) cash management volume, and iv) the labor-intensive monitoring and reporting requirements. 

Traditional
fintech operations typically have difficulty obtaining banking relationships in which to conduct business as the financial institution
still remains liable for BSA obligations and yet the fintech retains control of all safety and soundness processes - a high and potentially
expensive financial institution risk without direct control. The Company, under the umbrella of our parent financial institution, PCCU,
methodically built its platform in a regulated manner under the supervision of financial regulators. This allows the Company to continue
to operate with attention and activities based upon required regulations and provide financial institution partners with whom we work
confidence in our ability to manage the higher-risk cannabis industry. Going forward, the Company will continue to operate in a manner
to ensure a smooth transition once regulations are standardized for businesses providing financial services under a fintech model. 

Cybersecurity 

The
federal banking regulators regularly issue new guidance and standards, and update existing guidance and standards, regarding cybersecurity,
which are intended to enhance cyber risk management by financial institutions. Financial institutions are expected to comply with such
guidance and standards and to accordingly develop appropriate security controls and risk management processes. In 2018, the SEC also
published interpretive guidance to assist public companies in preparing disclosures about cybersecurity risks and incidents. These SEC
guidelines, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under state and federal banking
law and regulations. If we fail to observe this regulatory guidance or standards, we could be subject to various regulatory sanctions,
including financial penalties. 

In
November 2021, the federal banking agencies adopted a Final Rule, with compliance required by May 1, 2022, that requires banking organizations
to notify their primary banking regulator within 36 hours of determining that a computer-security incident has materially
disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the banking organization s ability to carry out
banking operations or deliver banking products and services to a material portion of its customer base, its businesses and operations
that would result in material loss, or its operations that would impact the stability of the United States. 

State
regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several
states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements
with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have also recently implemented or modified their
data breach notification, information security and data privacy requirements. We expect this trend of state-level activity in those areas
to continue and are continually monitoring developments where our customers are located. 

Risks
and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks, including litigation and enforcement risks, are expected to be elevated for the foreseeable
future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of Internet banking,
mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by us and the customers of our financial institution clients. See Item
1A. Risk Factors for a further discussion of risks related to cybersecurity. 

Future
Legislative Developments 

Congress
may enact legislation from time to time that affects the regulation of the financial services industry, and state legislatures may enact
legislation from time to time affecting the regulation of financial institutions chartered by or operating in their states. Federal and
state regulatory agencies also periodically propose and adopt changes to their regulations or change the manner in which existing regulations
are applied. The substance or impact of pending or future legislation or regulation, or the application thereof, cannot be predicted,
although any change could impact the regulatory structure under which we or our competitors operate and may significantly increase costs,
impede the efficiency of internal business processes, require an increase in regulatory capital, require modifications to our business
strategy, and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities in an efficient manner. It could also affect our competitors differently
than us, including in a manner that would make them more competitive. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable
to us or any of our affiliates could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Available
Information 

We
maintain a website at the address https://shfinancial.org/. On our website, you can access, free of charge, our reports on Forms 10-K,
10-Q and 8-K, as well as proxy statements on Schedule 14A and amendments to the materials. Materials are available online as soon as
practicable after we file them with the SEC. Additionally, the SEC maintains a website at the address www.sec.gov that contains the information
we file or furnish electronically with the SEC. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or considered
part of, this Form 10-K. 

Supplementary
Item: Information about our Executive Officers 

Sundie
Seefried. Ms. Seefried currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, a position she has held since September 2022. Prior
to joining the Company, Ms. Seefried served as the Chief Executive Officer of PCCU from 2001 until June 2021 and as the Chief Executive
Officer of Eagle Legacy Services, LLC from January 2020 until March 2021. Ms. Seefried previously served as a board member of the Colorado
Division of Financial Services from 2019 until 2021, and as a board member of the Credit Union Association from 2007 until 2015. Ms.
Seefried received her Bachelor of Science in Business Management from the University of Maryland and her Master of Business Administration
from Regis University, Colorado. 

Donnie
Emmi . Mr. Emmi currently serves as Chief Legal Officer for the Company, a position he has held since September 2022. Before this role, Mr. Emmi was Managing Partner of Hunsaker
| Emmi, P.C., a position he has held since December 2004. Mr. Emmi was a partner of Hoban Law Group, P.C. from September 2019 until July
2021 when it was merged with Clark Hill, PLC. Following the merger, Mr. Emmi serves in an of counsel capacity to Clark Hill, PLC. Mr.
Emmi previously served as an officer and director of Test Kitchen, Inc., a product manufacturer, from December 2020 until April 2021;
and as a director of Pure Harvest Corporate Group, Inc. from December 2020 until December 2021. Mr. Emmi is also the former Chair of
the National Cannabis Industry Association Banking and Financial Services Committee 2020 (Vice Chair 2019). Mr. Emmi received his undergraduate
degree from East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania and his Juris Doctor from the University of Denver Sturm College of Law. Prior
to practicing law, Mr. Emmi was a licensed Series 7 and 63 securities dealer and served in the United States Air Force from 1999 until
2007. 

James
H. Dennedy . Mr. Dennedy currently serves as Chief Financial Officer for the Company, a position he has held since October 2022. Before this role, Mr. Dennedy most recently
served in various positions for urban-gro, Inc. a Nasdaq-listed engineering design and services company focused on the commercial horticulture
market, including as President and Chief Operating Officer from February 2021 to August 2022, and a board member from August 2018 to
August 2022. Prior to that, from April 2018 to August 2019, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Interurban Capital Group, a privately
held provider of site development, lease management, branding, licensing and other consulting services, acquired in March 2020 by Harvest
Health Recreation Inc.; from January 2017 to April 2018, he operated as an entrepreneur and private investor; from May 2011 to
January 2017 served as President, Chief Executive Officer, and a board member of Nasdaq-listed hospitality software company Agilysys
Inc.; and from April 2008 to May 2011 served as Chief Investment Officer of Arcadia Capital Advisors, a privately held capital management
company. Mr. Dennedy earned his B.S. from the United States Air Force Academy, an MBA from The Ohio State University, and an M.A. in
Economics from the University of Colorado, Boulder, Colorado. 

Tyler
Beuerlein . Mr. Beuerlein currently serves as the Chief Strategic Business Development Officer of the Company, a position he has held
since September 2022. Prior to his employment with the Company, from February 2015 to April 2022, he served as the Chief Revenue Officer
and Chief Business Development Officer for Hypur Ventures, a venture capital fund dedicated strategic investments in businesses that
operate in the legal cannabis industry. Mr. Beuerlein was the former Chairman of the National Cannabis Industry Association Banking and
Financial Services Committee (2020). Additionally, he has been appointed to be on both the Marijuana Business Daily s Advisory
Board and ATACH Cannabis Beverage Council. He is also a member of the Forbes Business Development Council. Formerly, Mr. Beuerlein founded
and managed a large beverage company and was a professional athlete in the New York Mets organization. 

Jonathan
Summers . Mr. Summers has served as the chairman of 3 Billion Pairs Genetic Corporation, an artificial intelligence company, since
January 2022. Mr. Summers has also been serving as the chairman of EXMceuticals Inc., a Canadian-listed medical cannabis company since
May 2019. Mr. Summers has also served as a director of Pathfinder Minerals, a mineral exploration company, since March 2021 and also
serves as a member of the audit committee thereof. He also serves on the advisory board for Mocha Holdings LLC, a data privacy company.
From May 1996 until May 2011, Mr. Summers served in various roles at Goldman Sachs, most recently serving as a Managing Director. Mr.
Summers served as the Founding Partner and the Head of Business Development for Everett Capital Advisors, a 700.0 million London-based
investment fund from October 2015 to October 2019, and served as the Founding Principal and Head of Business Development for Myriad Asset
Management, a 5.0 billion Hong Kong-based multi-strategy asset management firm, from September 2011 to December 2014. Mr. Summers holds
a Master in Modern History (1st class) from Oxford University. We believe Mr. Summers is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board
of directors due to his experience in investment banking and in strategically growing businesses, and his contacts and relationships. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Jonathon
F. Niehaus . Mr. Niehaus currently serves as the Managing Partner of Interactive Global Solutions, a consulting company, a position
he has held since January 2011. Mr. Niehaus also currently serves as a manager of SHF, a position he has held since February 2022. From
2003 until 2011, Mr. Niehaus serves as a Global SVP for First Data Corporation and the Western Union Company. Mr. Niehaus received his
Bachelor of Science in Journalism and Communications from the University of Iowa. 

Jennifer
Meyers . Ms. Meyers currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer of PCCU, a position she has held since October 2021. Ms. Meyers
previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of Clean Energy Credit Union from July 2020 until October 2021. Prior to joining Clean
Energy Credit Union, Ms. Meyers served as a Finance Executive and Strategist for DaLand LLC, a credit union service organization, from
May 2019 until May 2020. Ms. Meyers also previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of Westerra Credit Union from April 2009 until
February 2019. Ms. Meyers received her Bachelor of Science in Accounting and her Master of Accountancy from the University of Denver. 

Richard
Carleton . Mr. Carleton currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Canadian Securities Exchange, a position he has held
since July 2011. Mr. Carleton also currently serves as a director of Tetra Trust, a licensed trust company, and of Blue Oceans ATS, a
U.S. registered alternative trading system, positions he has held since June 2021 and April 2021, respectively. Mr. Carleton also serves
as a board member of the Empire Club of Canada and of the Private Capital Markets Association of Canada, positions he has held since
2018 and 2017, respectively. Mr. Carleton received his Bachelor of Arts in History from the University of Ottawa and his LLB from the
University of Toronto. 

John
Darwin . Mr. Darwin previously served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer of Northern Lights Acquisition Corp. Mr. Darwin is a
co-founder and Managing Partner of Luminous Capital Inc., where he identifies engagements, guides debt and equity investment
strategy, and manages operations of private and public portfolio companies. Previously, Mr. Darwin was co-founder and President of
OCG, Inc. (ONE Cannabis), a United States-based cannabis dispensary franchisor. While at OCG, Inc., Mr. Darwin grew the franchise
business from inception to operations across multiple states and negotiated a sale to Item 9 Labs Corp. (OTCQX: INLB), a publicly
traded cannabis company. Mr. Darwin has over eight years of vertically integrated cannabis operational and venture capital
experience, with experience managing large scale cultivation, vertically integrated operations, and multi-national brand strategies.
Prior to the cannabis industry, Mr. Darwin held various roles in private equity and corporate finance and has a decade of
professional finance and transaction experience. Mr. Darwin received his BBA in Finance from Southern Methodist University Cox
School of Business. 

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

Our
business is subject to a number of risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward- looking
statements made in this Form 10-K or presented elsewhere from time to time. These risks are discussed more fully under Item 1A.
Risk Factors and include, but are not limited to the following: 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Operations 

Substantially
 all of the Company s CRB customers deposits are currently held at PCCU, which
 means that our growth will be restricted until we can enter into agreements with additional
 financial institutions. 
 
 The
 Company has only recently begun its loan program, which may make it more difficult for the
 Company to compete with other lenders, brokers and servicers. 
 
 The
 Company s loan program is currently substantially dependent on PCCU, currently the
 largest funding source for the Company s loans, which may limit the types, terms and
 amounts of loans that we may offer. 
 
 The
 Company may face competition from traditional financial institutions and other lenders and
 service providers for its lending and other services, which may adversely affect the Company s
 ability to achieve our business goals and its results of operations. 
 
 The
 soundness of our financial institution clients could adversely affect us. 
 
 The
 Company intends to focus its lending to CRBs on commercial loans, which could increase the
 risk in the Company s loan portfolio, resulting in higher provisions for loan losses
 and adversely affecting the Company s results of operations. 
 
 Loans
 to CRBs secured by properties and assets that are, and will be, subject to extensive regulations,
 such that if such collateral was foreclosed upon those regulations may result in significant
 costs and materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition,
 liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 The
 Company is obligated to indemnify PCCU for all losses resulting from defaults of the CRB
 loans made by PCCU to the Company s customers. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

If
 the Company s allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses
 for loans held in the Company s portfolio or for which it was otherwise responsible,
 the Company s results of operations and financial condition will be negatively affected. 
 
 Certain
 assets of CRB borrowers may not be used as collateral or transferred due to applicable state
 laws and regulations governing the cannabis industry, and such restrictions could negatively
 impact our profitability. 
 
 Foreclosure
 of security interests on loans to CRBs that are in default could result in losses. 
 
 Interest
 rate volatility could significantly reduce our profitability, business, financial condition,
 results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 The
 Company may become subject to regulation in additional states as it expands its operations. 
 
 The
 Company is dependent on PCCU for certain administrative services. 
 
 Actual
 or threatened public health crises, epidemics, or outbreaks, such as the outbreak of COVID-19,
 may have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition,
 and results of operations. 
 
 An
 information systems interruption or breach in security of the Company s systems could
 adversely affect us. 
 
 The
 Company may suffer uninsured losses or suffer material losses in excess of insurance limits. 
 
 An
 adverse outcome in litigation to which the Company is or becomes a party could materially
 and adversely affect us. 
 
 The
 Company identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting for
 the year ended December 31, 2022. Such material weaknesses could adversely affect the Company s
 ability to report its results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely
 manner. 

Risks
Related to the Cannabis Industry, including: 

The
 Company provides services to financial institutions that provide banking services to businesses
 in or ancillary to the state licensed cannabis industry, which could expose us to additional
 liabilities and regulatory compliance cost and adversely impact our business, operations,
 financial condition, brand and reputation. 

The
 Company, its financial institution clients and their CRB customers are subject to a variety
 of laws regarding financial transactions related to cannabis, which could subject their CRB
 customers to legal claims or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

We
 may have difficulty using bankruptcy courts due to our involvement in the regulated cannabis
 industry. 

The
 conduct of third parties may jeopardize our business and regulatory compliance. 

We
 may be subject to constraints on marketing our services, which could adversely impact our
 results of operations and our growth opportunities. 

Service
 providers to cannabis businesses may be subject to unfavorable U.S. tax treatment. 

Cannabis
 businesses may be subject to civil asset forfeiture. 

Because
 we provide services to companies that provide services to CRBs, we may have a difficult time
 obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate our business, which may expose
 us to additional risk and financial liability. 

There
 may be difficulty enforcing certain of our commercial agreements and contracts. 

Certain
 of our directors, officers, employees and investors who are not U.S. citizens may face constraints
 on cross-border travel into the United States. 

Risks
Related to SHF s Organization and Structure, including : 

Concentration
 of ownership among our existing executive officers, directors and their respective affiliates
 may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 
 
 The
 Company depends on key management personnel and other experienced employees. 
 
 Failure
 by the Company s directors, officers or employees to comply with applicable policies,
 regulations and rules could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Changes
 in accounting rules, assumptions or judgments could materially and adversely affect the Company. 
 
 The accounting for the forward purchase derivative could cause material impacts to our balance sheet and statement of operations. 
 
 If
 the Company fails to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls, it
 may not be able to accurately determine its financial results or prevent fraud. As a result,
 investors could lose confidence in the Company s financial results, which could materially
 and adversely affect the Company. 

Risks
Related to an Investment in Our Securities 

Our
 failure to continue to meet Nasdaq s continued listing standards could have an adverse
 impact on our stock price. 
 
 Sales
 of our Class A Common Stock, or the perception of such sales, by us or the holders of such
 shares in the public market or otherwise could cause the market price for our Class A Common
 Stock to decline. 
 
 We
 may not receive any proceeds from the exercise of Warrants, and if we do we may be unable
 to invest the portion of the net proceeds from this offering on acceptable terms. 
 
 There
 is no guarantee that the Warrants will be in the money, and they may expire worthless. 
 
 The
 market for our securities has been volatile and may continue to be volatile, which would
 adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 
 
 If
 the Business Combination s benefits do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders
 or financial analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. 
 
 The
 Company is a controlled company within the meaning of the applicable rules
 of Nasdaq and, as a result, may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance
 requirements. If the Company relies on these exemptions, its stockholders will not have the
 same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

We
 may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other
 charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results
 of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 A
 significant portion of our total outstanding shares are restricted from immediate resale
 but may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market price of
 our Class A Common Stock or public warrants to drop significantly, even if the Company s
 business is doing well. 
 
 The
 terms of our PIPE financing completed in conjunction with the Business Combination has had,
 and could continue to have an adverse impact of the trading prices of the Class A Common
 Stock. 
 
 The
 grant of registration rights to PCCU and the seller in connection with the Business Combination
 pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement, and to the PIPE Investors in connection with the
 Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement, may adversely affect the market price
 of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 The
 Company may issue additional shares of common or preferred stock under the Equity Incentive
 Plan or otherwise, any one of which would dilute the interest of the Company s stockholders
 and likely present other risks. 
 
 Our
 operating results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the expectations of securities
 analysts and investors due to seasonality and other factors, some of which are beyond our
 control, resulting in a decline in our stock price. 
 
 If
 securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about
 the post-combination company, its business, or its market, or if they change their recommendations
 regarding the Class A Common Stock of the post-combination company adversely, then the price
 and trading volume of the Class A Common Stock of the post-combination company could decline. 
 
 We
 may be unable to obtain additional financing to fund our operations and growth. 
 
 Changes
 in laws, regulations or rules, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations or rules,
 may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 
 
 We
 have not registered the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
 under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration
 may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor
 from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing
 such warrants to expire worthless. 
 
 Warrants
 are exercisable for Class A Common Stock, and the exercise of such Warrants would increase
 the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market and result in dilution to our
 stockholders. 
 
 Anti-takeover
 provisions contained in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and
 bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt, which could
 limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock. 
 
 Our
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery
 of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation
 matters, which could limit our stockholder s ability to obtain a favorable judicial
 forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 
 
 The
 JOBS Act permits emerging growth companies like us to take advantage of certain
 exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that
 are not emerging growth companies. 
 
 Our
 internal controls over financial reporting may not be effective and our independent registered
 public accounting firm may not be able to certify as to their effectiveness, which could
 have a significant and adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Item
1A. RISK FACTORS 

We
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could potentially negatively impact our business, financial conditions, results of operations
and cash flows. This section contains a description of the risk and uncertainties identified by management that could, individually or
in combination, harm our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as our financial instruments and
our securities. In evaluating us and our business and making or continuing an investment in our securities, you should carefully consider
the risks described below as well as other information contained in this Form 10-K and any risk factors and uncertainties discussed in
our other public filings with the SEC under the caption Risk Factors . We may face other risks that are not contained in
this Form 10-K, including additional risk that are not presently known, or that we presently deem immaterial. This Form 10-K and the
risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in
such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section in this Form 10-K titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements for additional information regarding forward-looking statements. 

RISKS
RELATED TO THE COMPANY S BUSINESS 

Substantially
all of the Company s CRB customers deposits are currently held at PCCU, which means that our growth will be restricted until
we can enter into agreements with additional financial institutions. 

Substantially
all of the deposits of the Company s CRB customers are currently held at PCCU, which constitutes
approximately 60 of PCCU s total assets. Under the Second Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement, PCCU has agreed to
maintain its ratio of CRB-related deposits to total assets to 60 or greater unless a lower ratio is required by applicable regulatory
or policy requirements. There can be no assurances that PCCU will be able to maintain this ratio of CRB-related deposits to total assets,
or that its total assets will grow so as to permit its CRB deposits to grow. Therefore, unless we are able to expand the number of financial
institutions at which deposits onboarded and monitored by the Company are held, our growth will be limited to the extent that PCCU s
assets may grow, if at all. Although under the Company s Second Amended and Restated Account Servicing Agreement with PCCU, the
Company is not restricted from onboarding and monitoring deposits at other financial institutions, there can be no assurances that we
will be able to expand the number of financial institutions with which we will onboard and monitor deposits or, if we are able to enter
into agreements with additional financial institutions, whether the terms of those agreements will be on comparable terms. In addition,
if PCCU were to terminate either or both of the Second Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement or the Second Amended and Restated
Account Servicing Agreement, our operations would be materially impaired if we were not able to obtain from third parties the services
the Company receives from PCCU under the Second Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement or if we were not able to enter into
arrangements with other financial institutions to host the deposits of the Company s customers. 

The
Company has only recently begun its loan program, which may make it more difficult for the Company to compete with other lenders, brokers
and servicers. 

The
Company, through its predecessor entity, began offering loan services through PCCU to CRBs in 2020. As a result, the Company s
loan program may be subject to factors inherent in a start-up business, such as competing with existing entities who have been
offering loans and other lending-related services for longer than the Company has, ensuring that the Company s systems are
compliant with applicable laws and regulations, and ensuring that the Company s systems and personnel are able to handle the
anticipated pipeline of loan applications. The time to fully ramp-up the Company s lending and loan servicing operations may
be more difficult for the Company to compete against lenders and brokers that have been lending to CRBs for a longer period of
time. 

The
Company s loan program is currently substantially dependent on PCCU, currently the largest funding source for the Company s
loans, which may limit the types, terms and amounts of loans that we may offer. 

The
Company s loan program currently depends on PCCU as the Company s largest funding source for new loans to CRBs. To date,
with the exception of one 500,000 loan funded directly by the Company during April 2022, all of the Company s loans have been funded
by PCCU. Under PCCU s loan policy for loans to CRBs, PCCU s board has approved aggregate lending limits at the lesser of
1.3125 times PCCU s net worth or 65 of total CRB deposits. Concentration limits for the deployment of loans are further categorized
as (i) real estate secured, (ii) construction, (iii) unsecured and (iv) mixed collateral with each category limited to a percentage of
PCCU s net worth. As of December 31, 2022, PCCU s net worth was 133.23 million and CRB-related deposits were 161.14 million.
As of December 31, 2021, PCCU s net worth was 61.9 million and CRB-related deposits were 146.3 million. In addition, loans to
any one borrower or group of associated borrowers are limited by applicable NCUA regulations to the greater of 100,000 or 15 of PCCU s
net worth. As a result, our ability to expand our loan program will be limited by PCCU s growth unless we are able to expand our
capacity to make loans directly or find other financial institutions and lenders willing to make loans to CRBs. In addition, even if
we are able to identify additional lenders, we may not be able to negotiate comparable terms. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

The
Company may face competition from traditional financial institutions and other lenders and service providers for its lending and other
services, which may adversely affect the Company s ability to achieve our business goals and its results of operations. 

The
Company operates in an increasingly competitive market for its lending, compliance, customer intake and management services. Our competitors
for our compliance and customer-focused services include both traditional financial institutions and fintech companies. Lending competitors
include both private investment funds and public REITs focused on the cannabis industry, as well as traditional financial institutions
that have begun offering loans to CRBs. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical
and marketing resources than we do. In particular, because traditional financial institutions may have a cost of funds more comparable
to ours, we may face greater competition in providing loans to CRBs. There can be no assurances that we will be able to successfully
compete against these competitors, which may adversely affect the Company s ability to achieve its business goals and its results
of operations. 

The
soundness of our financial institution clients could adversely affect us. 

Because
our clients are other financial institutions, our ability to grow our operations and client base could be adversely affected by the actions
and commercial soundness of other financial institutions for whom we provide services or who might seek our services. Financial institutions
are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions
about, one or more financial institutions, or the banking and financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity
problems and could lead to losses, defaults or regulatory actions against the financial institutions with which we do business or with
whom we may seek to provide services. There can be no assurances that the occurrence of any such losses, defaults or regulatory actions
would not materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
Company intends to focus its lending to CRBs on commercial loans, which could increase the risk in the Company s loan portfolio,
resulting in higher provisions for loan losses and adversely affecting the Company s results of operations. 

The
Company intends to focus its lending efforts on commercial loans to CRBs, including commercial real estate loans, commercial business
secured by other assets such as equipment or accounts receivable, and unsecured loans. Historically, these loans have had higher risks
than other types of loans, such as loans secured by residential real estate. For example, repayment of commercial real estate loans and
commercial business loans are dependent on income being generated by the rental property or business in amounts sufficient to cover operating
expenses and debt service. If the borrowers of these types of loans default, the collateral may not be liquidated as easily and may involve
expensive workout techniques. Commercial lending may also involve large balances of loans to single borrowers or related groups of borrowers.
If these loans become nonperforming, The Company may have to increase its reserves for loan losses, which would negatively affect its
results of operations. 

In
addition, loans secured by commercial real estate may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended. Real estate values
and the real estate markets are generally affected by a variety of factors including, but not limited to, changes in economic conditions,
fluctuations in interest rates, the availability of credit, changes in tax laws and other statutes, regulations, and policies, and acts
of nature. Weakening of the real estate market could result in an increase loan defaults and a reduction in the value of the collateral
securing those loans, which in turn could adversely affect our profitability and asset quality. If the collateral securing a loan is
liquidated to satisfy the debt during a period of reduced real estate values, our earnings and capital could be adversely affected. 

Loans
to CRBs secured by properties and assets that are, and will be, subject to extensive regulations, such that if such collateral was foreclosed
upon those regulations may result in significant costs and materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition,
liquidity and results of operations. 

The
loans presently funded by our financial institution clients, and the loans that are expected to be made in the future, may be secured
by properties and assets that are, and will be, subject to various state and local laws and regulatory requirements, and we, our client
financial institutions, or a third party would be subject to such requirements if such collateral was foreclosed upon. State and local
property regulations may restrict the use of collateral or the ability to foreclose on the collateral. Among other things, these restrictions
may relate to cultivation of cannabis, the use of water and the discharge of waste water, fire and safety, seismic conditions, asbestos-cleanup
or hazardous material abatement requirements. Neither the Company, its financial institution clients, nor third parties engaged to assist
with the liquidation or foreclosure process will take possession of cannabis inventory, cannabis paraphernalia or other cannabis-related
assets, nor will they take title to real estate used in cannabis-related businesses. Applicable regulations under state law that govern
CRBs generally do not permit the taking of title to real estate involved in commercial sales of cannabis, whether through foreclosure
or otherwise, without prior regulatory approval. The sale of a license or other realization of the value of licenses also requires the
approval of state and local regulatory authorities. While the loan agreements and related security agreements provide for foreclosure
remedies, receivership remedies and/or other remedies that would permit the sale or other realization of real property collateral, the
regulatory requirements and statutory prohibitions related to real property used in cannabis-related operations may cause significant
delays or difficulties in realizing upon the expected value of such real property collateral. We make no assurance that existing regulatory
policies will not materially and adversely affect the value of such collateral, or that additional regulations will not be adopted that
would increase such potential material adverse effect. The negative affect on such collateral could have a material adverse effect on
the Company s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

The
Company is obligated to indemnify PCCU for all losses resulting from defaults of the CRB loans made by PCCU to the Company s customers. 

Pursuant
to the Company s Loan Servicing Agreement with PCCU, the Company has agreed to indemnify PCCU for all losses resulting from the
defaults of loans made by PCCU to CRB customers. This means that the Company will be solely responsible for all costs of negotiating
forbearances or refinancing the defaulted loans, loss mitigation, and collection efforts, whether conducted directly or by an affiliate
or third party, including realizing the proceeds from any collateral as a result of a sale of collateral by the borrower or through a
third party engaged to assist the borrower n the liquidation process. The Company s indemnity is subordinate to PCCU s other
means of collecting on the loans including repossession of collateral, recourse against personal and/or corporate guarantors and other
default remedies available in the loan agreements. Since borrowers are not parties to the agreement between the Company and PCCU, any
indemnity payments do not relieve borrowers of their obligation to PCCU nor would such payments preclude PCCU s right to future
recoveries from the borrowers. As a result, we will be required to establish loan loss reserves relating to these loans, even though
we are not the funding lender. Because these loans will not be an asset on our balance sheet, the loan loss reserves are anticipated
to be reflected as a liability in our financial statements, versus a contra-asset. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

If
the Company s allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses for loans held in the Company s portfolio
or for which it was otherwise responsible, the Company s results of operations and financial condition will be negatively affected. 

In
the event loan customers do not repay their loans according to their terms and the proceeds of liquidating the collateral securing these
loans is insufficient to satisfy any remaining loan balance, the Company may experience significant indemnity losses associated with
these loans. Such credit risk is inherent in the lending business, and failure to adequately assess such credit risk could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The Company will be required to establish loan loss reserves for
all loans for which it is the lender, for all the Company originated loans made by PCCU to CRB customers, and in other instances where
it may be contractually liable to indemnify a lender for loan losses. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for
loan losses involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and will require the Company to make significant estimates of current
credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Although we have agreed with PCCU in the Loan Servicing Agreement
that we will maintain or have access to sufficient liquidity to satisfy our indemnity obligations to PCCU under the Loan Servicing Agreement,
we cannot be certain that our loan loss reserves will be adequate over time to cover losses in PCCU-funded loans or loans funded by other
funding sources in the Company s portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions or events
adversely affecting specific customers, industries or markets, or borrowers repaying their loans. If the Company s loan loss reserves
are not adequate, our business, financial condition, including our liquidity and capital, and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. In addition, charge-offs of defaulted loans in future periods that exceed the related reserves may require us to
add to our loan loss reserves, which would result in a decrease in net income and capital, and could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations. 

Certain
assets of CRB borrowers may not be used as collateral or transferred due to applicable state laws and regulations governing the cannabis
industry, and such restrictions could negatively impact our profitability. 

Each
state that has legalized cannabis in some form has adopted its own set of laws and regulations that differ from one another. In particular,
laws and regulations differ among states and even localities regarding the collateralization or transferability of cannabis-related assets,
such as cannabis licenses, cannabis inventory, and ownership interests in licensed cannabis companies. Some state laws and regulations
where borrowers operate may prohibit the collateralization or transferability of certain cannabis-related assets. Other states may allow
the collateralization or transferability of cannabis-related assets, but with restrictions, such as meeting certain eligibility requirements,
utilization of state receiverships, and/or upon approval by the applicable regulatory authority. Prohibitions or restrictions on the
ability to take possession of certain cannabis-related assets securing the loans of our borrowers could have a material adverse effect
on the Company s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In addition, because the sales of such assets
may be forced upon the borrower when time may be of the essence and available to a limited number of potential purchasers, the sales
prices may be less than the prices obtained with more time in a larger market. 

Foreclosure
of security interests on loans to CRBs that are in default could result in losses. 

In
general, a foreclose procedure is required to liquidate collateral provided on loans in default. Alternatively, a borrower may be required
under the terms of the loan documents to dispose of certain business assets to satisfy the loan commitments. Foreclosure processes and
other liquidations of collateral are often lengthy and expensive. Results of foreclosure and liquidation processes may be uncertain,
as claims may be asserted by the relevant borrower or by other creditors or investors in such borrower that interfere with the foreclosure
or liquidation process, such as claims that challenge the validity or enforceability of the loan or the priority or perfection of the
security interests. Borrowers may resist foreclosure actions or may refuse to comply with loan requirements by asserting numerous claims,
counterclaims and defenses against our client financial institutions or us, including, without limitation, lender liability claims and
defenses, even when the assertions may have no merit, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action or delay the liquidation of collateral
and seek to force us or the financial institution into a modification or buy-out of the loan for less than the amount owed. Additionally,
the transfer of certain collateral to us or our financial institution clients may be limited or prohibited by applicable laws, regulations
and/or public company listing standards. See Loans to CRBs secured by properties and assets that are, and will be, subject
to extensive regulations, such that if such collateral was foreclosed upon those regulations may result in significant costs and materially
and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. For transferable
collateral, foreclosure, or other remedies available may be subject to certain laws and regulations, including the need for regulatory
disclosure and/or approval of such transfer. If federal law were to change to permit cannabis companies to seek federal bankruptcy protection,
the applicable borrower could file for bankruptcy, which would have the effect of staying the foreclosure actions or liquidation processes
and delaying the foreclosure or liquidation processes and potentially result in reductions or discharges of debt owed. Foreclosure or
forced liquidation may create a negative public perception of the collateral property, resulting in a diminution of its value. Moreover,
the liquidation proceeds upon sale of the underlying real estate may not be sufficient to repay the loan in full. Any costs or delays
involved in the foreclosure or a liquidation of the underlying property will reduce the net proceeds realized and, thus, increase the
potential for loss. In the event a borrower defaults on any of its loan obligations and such debt obligations are equitized, neither
the Company nor its financial institution clients will hold such equity interests, which may result in additional losses on loans to
such entity. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Interest
rate volatility could significantly reduce our profitability, business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

Our
earnings will depend in part on the relationship between the yield on our earning assets, primarily loans and investment securities,
and the cost of funds, primarily borrowings. This net interest margin is susceptible to significant fluctuation and is affected by economic
and competitive factors that influence the yields and rates for, and the volume and mix of, our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities. Interest rate risk is exposure to movement in interest rates that could have an adverse impact on our net interest income.
Interest rate risk arises from the imbalance in the repricing, maturity and/or cash flow characteristics of assets and liabilities. Although
neither the Company nor the Company currently have any borrowings from third parties, to the extent that either incur indebtedness that
will be subject to interest rate risk to the degree that our interest-bearing liabilities reprice or mature more slowly or more rapidly
or on a different basis than our interest earning assets. In addition, increases in interest rates could reduce the pipeline of borrowers
desiring to obtain loans from us or through our loan program if these borrowers seek alternate sources of capital. As a result, fluctuations
in interest rates could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

The
Company may become subject to regulation in additional states as it expands its operations. 

The
Company was previously considered a credit union service organization CUSO and as a result of its status as a Colorado
limited liability company and its relationship with PCCU, a Colorado-chartered credit union, the Company is subject to various Colorado
and federal laws, rules and regulations. Although the Company is no longer considered a CUSO following the closing of the Business Combination,
the Company may become subject to the laws of additional states as it expands its operations by opening offices, maintaining employees
or otherwise establishing a substantial footprint in additional states. 

The
Company is dependent on PCCU for certain administrative services. 

Pursuant
to the Second Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement, PCCU has been providing the Company with certain administrative services,
including services relating to information technology and systems, accounting and financial services, human resources and marketing.
The Company may also request that certain PCCU employees be available to the Company on a shared basis to perform duties for the Company.
For these services, the Company paid PCCU a monthly fee equal to 30.96 per CRB account in addition to reimbursement of direct
expenses. Under the Second Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement, PCCU is also entitled to retain 25 of all investment income
derived from CRB cash and investments. We are building out our team so that these operational functions will be handled internally. Although
we believe the fees due to PCCU under the Second Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement to be reasonable, these fees may result
in higher expenses than we would otherwise incur. In addition, we may not be able to bring these functions in-house and, even if we are
able to do so, we may continue to rely on third parties for all or part of these functions. Reliance on a third party, including PCCU,
may result in significant expenses and operational issues over which we will not have direct control. 

Actual
or threatened public health crises, epidemics, or outbreaks, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, may have a material adverse effect on
the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
Company s business operations and supply chains may be negatively impacted by regional or global public health crises, epidemics,
or outbreaks. For example, in December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, now known as COVID-19. The COVID-19 outbreak led governments
across the globe to impose a series of measures intended to contain its spread, including border closures, travel bans, quarantine measures,
social distancing, and restrictions on business operations and large gatherings. While many of these measures have since been lifted,
should the United States experience a new outbreak of COVID-19 or another contagious disease, governments may impose new measures or
restrictions that may adversely impact the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, a significant
public health crisis, epidemic or outbreak of contagious disease in the human population may adversely affect the economies and financial
markets of many countries, including those in which the Company operates, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect the supply
or demand for the Company s products and services. 

An
information systems interruption or breach in security of the Company s systems could adversely affect us. 

The
Company relies on information technology and other computer resources to perform important operational and marketing activities as well
as to maintain its business and employee records and financial data. The Company s computer systems are currently hosted by PCCU
and are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer attacks by hackers, viruses, catastrophes, hardware and software
failures and breach of data security protocols by its personnel or third-party service providers. Although the Company has implemented
administrative and technical controls and taken other actions to minimize the risk of cyber incidents and otherwise protect its information
technology, computer intrusion efforts are becoming increasingly sophisticated and even the controls that the Company has installed might
be breached. Further, many of these computer resources are provided to the Company or are maintained on the Company s behalf by
third-party service providers pursuant to agreements that specify certain security and service level standards, but which are ultimately
outside of the Company s control. If the Company were to experience a significant period of disruption in information technology
systems that involve interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental
costs, which could adversely affect its business. Additionally, security breaches of information technology systems could result in the
misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary, personal and confidential information, including information related to employees,
counter-parties, and customers, which could result in significant financial or reputational damage and liability under data privacy laws
and regulations. 

The
Company may not be successful in integrating acquisitions, expanding into new markets or implementing its growth strategies. 

The
Company may suffer uninsured losses or suffer material losses in excess of insurance limits. 

In
addition to difficulties with respect to claim assessment and liability and reserve estimation, some types of claims may not be covered
by insurance or may exceed applicable coverage limits. The Company may also be responsible for applicable self-insured retentions with
respect to its insurance policies. Furthermore, any product liability or warranty claims made against the Company, whether or not they
are viable, may lead to negative publicity, which could impact the Company s reputation and future sales. 

Because
of the uncertainties inherent in litigation, we cannot provide assurance that the Company s insurance coverage, indemnity arrangements
and reserves will be adequate to cover liability for any damages, the cost of litigation, or any other related expenses surrounding the
current claims to which the Company is subject or any future claims that may arise. Such damages and expenses, to the extent that they
are not covered by insurance, could materially and adversely affect our consolidated financial statements and results. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

An
adverse outcome in litigation to which the Company is or becomes a party could materially and adversely affect us. 

The
Company is not aware of any pending litigation. However, in the future, it may become subject to litigation, including claims relating
to its operations, breach of contract, securities offerings, relation to the cannabis industry, or otherwise in the ordinary course of
business or otherwise. Some of these claims may result in significant defense costs and potentially significant judgments against the
Company, some of which are not, or cannot be, insured against. We cannot be certain of the ultimate outcomes of any claims that may arise
in the future. Resolution of these types of matters against the Company may result in significant fines, judgments or settlements, which,
if uninsured, or if the fines, judgments and settlements exceed insured levels, could adversely impact the Company s earnings and
cash flows, thereby materially and adversely affecting us. Litigation or the resolution of litigation may affect the availability or
cost of the Company s insurance coverage, which could materially and adversely impact us. 

The
Company identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2022. Such material
weaknesses could adversely affect the Company s ability to report its results of operations and financial condition accurately
and in a timely manner. 

As
noted above, the Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ).. The Company s management is likewise responsible for the evaluation of
the effectiveness of its internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation of
those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

In
connection with the audit of the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has identified
four (4) material weaknesses within its internal controls over financial reporting related to its Deferred Tax Asset, Going Concern ,
Revenue Recognition, and Complex Financial Instruments. Refer to Item 9A of this document for additional details. 

The Company has implemented
a plan to remediate these material weaknesses, through measures that include the following: 

Deferred Tax Asset: 
 To alleviate this
 material weakness, the Company has implemented a quarterly control to calculate and review
 the deferred tax asset, evaluate the necessity for any valuation allowance, and reconcile
 it to the general ledger. 

Going
 Concern: To alleviate this material weakness, the Company has implemented a quarterly process with enhanced management review
 controls to perform and review a going concern analysis and the adequacy of disclosures within the consolidated financial statements,
 as applicable based on the results. 

Revenue Recognition: To alleviate this material
 weakness, the Company will implement a monthly process with enhanced management review controls to perform and review revenue recognition. 

Complex Financial Instruments: To alleviate
 this material weakness, the Company will implement a quarterly process with enhanced management review controls to perform and review
 complex financial instruments. 

With
the implementation of our remediation plans for each material weakness, we believe, in subsequent periods, these material weaknesses can
be remediated. Completion of remediation does not provide assurance that our remediation or other controls will continue to operate
properly. A failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could result in errors in its financial statements
that could require the Company to restate past financial statements, cause the Company to fail to meet its reporting obligations and
cause investors to lose confidence in the Company s reported financial information, all of which could materially and adversely
affect the Company. 

Additional
Risks Related to the Cannabis Industry 

The
Company provides services to financial institutions that provide banking services to businesses in or ancillary to the state licensed
cannabis industry, which could expose us to additional liabilities and regulatory compliance cost and adversely impact our business,
operations, financial condition, brand and reputation. 

The
Company provides deposit and lending services to financial institutions that desire to provide services to CRBs in states where cannabis
is legal for medical or full adult use. Medical use cannabis, as well as recreational use businesses, are legal in numerous states and
the District of Columbia. Cannabis remains a Schedule I drug under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970 (the CSA ), however,
and the federal government has the authority to enforce the CSA regardless of whether cannabis is legal under state law. In 2014, the
U.S. Department of the Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN published guidance for financial
institutions servicing state legal cannabis businesses (the FinCEN Guidance ). The Company has implemented a comprehensive
control framework that includes written policies and procedures related to the on-boarding of such businesses and the monitoring and
maintenance of such business accounts at PCCU or other financial institutions that comport with the FinCEN Guidance. Additionally, the
Company s policies call for due diligence review of the cannabis business before the business is on-boarded, including, as applicable,
confirmation that the business is properly licensed and maintains the license in good standing in the applicable state. The Company s
services to PCCU or other financial institutions include the ongoing monitoring and of the business to determine if the business continues
to meet the requirements of the depositary institution. 

While
we believe the Company s policies and procedures will allow us to operate in compliance with the FinCEN Guidance, there can be
no assurance that compliance with the FinCEN Guidance will protect us from federal or other regulatory sanctions. Federal prosecutors
have significant discretion and there can be no assurance that the federal prosecutors will not choose to strictly enforce the federal
laws governing cannabis. Any change in the federal government s enforcement position could potentially subject us to criminal prosecution
and other regulatory sanctions. While we also believe the Company s BSA/AML policies and programs for the services offered by PCCU
or other financial institutions to CRBs, the medical and recreational cannabis business is considered high-risk, thus increasing the
risk of a regulatory action against the Company s BSA/AML program that could expose us to liabilities and regulatory compliance
costs that would have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, brand and reputation. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Further,
to the extent any law enforcement actions require us to respond to subpoenas, or undergo search warrants, for client records, PCCU or
other financial institutions providing services to CRBs could elect to cease using our services. Until the U.S. federal government changes
the laws with respect to cannabis, which may not occur, U.S. federal authorities could more strictly enforce current federal prohibitions
and restrictions. An increase in federal enforcement against companies licensed under state cannabis laws could negatively impact the
state licensed cannabis industries and, in turn, our business, operating results, financial condition, brand and reputation. 

The
Company, its financial institution clients and their CRB customers are subject to a variety of laws regarding financial transactions
related to cannabis, which could subject their CRB customers to legal claims or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

The
Company, its financial institution clients and their CRB customers are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States
regarding financial transactions, including the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the USA Patriot Act. The penalties for violation
of these laws and regulations include imprisonment, substantial fines and forfeiture. In complying with these laws and regulations, the
Company complies with the FinCEN Guidance. This compliance includes, among other things, extensive due diligence reviews of potential
and existing CRB customers of the financial institutions. These reviews may be time-consuming and costly, potentially creating additional
barriers to providing financial services and imposing additional compliance requirements on us and our CRB customers. In addition, the
Company is, on behalf of its financial institution clients, required to make various filings with FinCEN and the IRS to report certain
suspicious transactions or cash transactions of over 10,000. If the filings are not made accurately or promptly, substantial penalties
may be imposed that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition,
we cannot assure that the Company s strategies and techniques for designing our services and solutions for our clients and CRB
customers will operate effectively and efficiently and not be adversely impacted by cannabis regulations. Further, a change in financial
services regulations or a change in the position of the financial services industry that permits more financial institutions to directly
serve businesses that grow and sell cannabis products may increase competition for us, facilitate new entrants into the industry offering
services similar to those that we offer, or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. 

We
may have difficulty using bankruptcy courts due to our involvement in the regulated cannabis industry. 

We
currently have no need or plans to seek bankruptcy protection. U.S. courts have held that debtors whose income is derived from cannabis
or cannabis assets in violation of the CSA cannot seek federal bankruptcy protections. Although we are not in the business of growing
or processing cannabis or selling or even possessing cannabis or cannabis products, a U.S. court could determine that our revenue is
derived from cannabis or cannabis assets and prevent us from obtaining bankruptcy protections if necessary. 

The
conduct of third parties may jeopardize our business and regulatory compliance. 

While
the post-consummation company will not be a cannabis licensee or directly involved in the cannabis industry, and as such, will not subject
to commercial cannabis regulations that apply to cannabis operators, we cannot guarantee that our systems, protocols, and practices associated
with our onboarding and monitoring services will prevent all unauthorized or illegal activities by the CRBs receiving banking services
through our financial institution clients. Our success depends in part on our financial institution clients ability to operate
consistently with the regulatory and licensing requirements of each state, local, and regional jurisdiction in which they operate. We
cannot ensure that the conduct of our financial institution clients and the CRBs that have deposits with them, who are third parties,
will not expose them to legal sanctions and costs, which could in turn, adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial
condition, brand and reputation. 

We
may be subject to constraints on marketing our services, which could adversely impact our results of operations and our growth opportunities. 

Certain
of the states in which the Company may operate have strict regulations regarding marketing and sales activities ancillary to cannabis
products, which could affect our ability to market our services and the development of our business. If we are unable to effectively
market our services and compete for market share, or if the costs of compliance with government legislation and regulation cannot be
absorbed through increased fees for our services, this could hamper demand for our services, which could result in a loss of revenue. 

Service
providers to cannabis businesses may be subject to unfavorable U.S. tax treatment. 

Under
Section 280E of the Internal Revenue Code, no deduction or credit is allowed for any amount paid or incurred during the taxable year
in carrying on business, other than costs of goods sold, if the business (or the activities which comprise the trade or business) consists
of trafficking in controlled substances (within the meaning of Schedules I and II of the CSA). The IRS has applied this provision to
cannabis operations, prohibiting them from deducting expenses associated with cannabis businesses and asserting assessments and penalties
for additional taxes owed. While we do believe that Section 280E does not apply to our business, or ancillary service providers that
work with state-licensed CRBs, if the IRS interprets the section to apply, it would significantly and materially affect our profitability
and financial condition. 

The
MORE Act would remove marijuana from the CSA, which would effectively carve out state-legal cannabis businesses from Section 280E of
the Code. The MORE Act would impose two new taxes on cannabis businesses: an excise tax measured by the value of certain cannabis products
and an occupational tax assessed on the enterprises engaging in cannabis production and sales. Although these novel tax provisions are
included in the current version of the MORE Act, which has been passed by the U.S. House of Representatives but has not yet been passed
by the U.S. Senate, it is challenging to predict whether, when, and in what form the MORE Act could be enacted into law and how any such
legislation would affect the activities of the Company. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Cannabis
businesses may be subject to civil asset forfeiture . 

Property
owned by participants in the cannabis industry used in the course of conducting such business, or that represents proceeds of such business
or is traceable to proceeds of such business, could be subject to seizure by law enforcement and subsequent civil asset forfeiture because
of the illegality of the cannabis industry under federal law. Even if the owner of the property is never charged with a crime, the property
in question could still be seized and subject to an administrative proceeding by which, with minimal due process, it could be subject
to forfeiture. Forfeiture of assets of our CRB customers, including if such assets are collateral for loans made or serviced by us, could
adversely affect our revenues if it impedes the borrowers profitability or operations and our CRB customers ability to
continue to use our services. 

Because
we provide services to companies that provide services to CRBs, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are
desired to operate our business, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability. 

Insurance
that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability and directors and officers insurance, may be more difficult
for us to find and could be more expensive or contains significant exclusions because our financial institution clients provide services
to CRBs. There are no guarantees that we will be able to find such insurance coverage in the future or that the cost will be affordable
to us. If appropriate coverage is not available, we may be prevented from entering into certain business sectors, our growth may be inhibited,
and we may be exposed to additional risk and financial liabilities. If we experience an uninsured loss, it may result in loss of anticipated
cash flow and could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and business. 

There
may be difficulty enforcing certain of our commercial agreements and contracts. 

Courts
may not enforce a contract deemed to involve a violation of law or public policy. Parties to contracts involving the state legal cannabis
industry have at times argued that the agreements were void as illegal federally or against public policy. Some courts have accepted
this argument in certain cases. While courts have enforced contracts related to activities by state-legal cannabis companies, and the
trend is generally to enforce contracts with state-legal cannabis companies and their vendors, there remains some doubt that we will
be able to enforce our commercial agreements with our financial institution clients or the CRBs to which they provide banking services
in court for this reason. Therefore, we cannot be assured that we will have a remedy for breach of contract in all instances, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Certain
of our directors, officers, employees and investors who are not U.S. citizens may face constraints on cross-border travel into the United
States. 

Non-U.S.
citizens employed at or investing in companies doing business in the state-legal cannabis industry could face detention, denial of entry
or lifetime bans from the United States for their business associations with cannabis businesses. Entry to the United States happens
at the sole discretion of the officers on duty of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and these officers have wide latitude to ask
questions to determine the admissibility of a foreign national. Business or financial involvement in the legal cannabis industry could
be grounds for U.S. border guards to deny entry. 

Risks
Related to the Company s Organization and Structure 

Concentration
of ownership among our existing executive officers, directors and their respective affiliates may prevent new investors from influencing
significant corporate decisions. 

Following
the Closing of the Business Combination, our affiliates, executive officers, directors and their respective affiliates as a group beneficially
own approximately 14.21 of our outstanding Class A Common Stock, as discussed elsewhere in this document. As a result, these stockholders
are able to exercise a significant level of control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors,
amendment of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. This control
could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us or changes in management and will make the approval of certain
transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. 

The
Company depends on key management personnel and other experienced employees. 

The
Company s success depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of certain key management personnel including, but not
limited to, those individuals listed in the The Company Management section included elsewhere in this document.
If any of the Company s key management personnel were to cease employment with the Company, the Company s operating results
could suffer. The Company s ability to retain its key management personnel or to attract suitable replacements should any member(s)
of its management team leave is dependent on the culture its leadership team fosters and on the competitive nature of the employment
market. The loss of services from key management personnel or a limitation in their availability could materially and adversely impact
the Company s business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Further, such a loss could be negatively
perceived in the capital markets. The Company has not obtained key management life insurance that would provide it with proceeds in the
event of death or disability of any of its key management personnel. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Experienced
employees in the financial services and cannabis-related services industries are fundamental to the Company s ability to generate,
obtain and manage opportunities. In particular, relevant licenses and qualifications, local knowledge and relationships are critical
to the Company s ability to provide its services. Failure to attract and retain such personnel or to ensure that their experience
and knowledge is not lost when they leave the business through retirement, redundancy or otherwise may adversely affect the standards
of the Company s service and may have an adverse impact on the Company s business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Failure
by the Company s directors, officers or employees to comply with applicable policies, regulations and rules could materially and
adversely affect us. 

The
Company has adopted an employee handbook which includes policies and guidelines for its directors, officers and employees. The Company s
adoption of these policies and guidelines is not a representation or warranty that all persons subject to such standards are or will
be in complete compliance. The failure of a director, officer or employee of the Company to comply with the applicable policies and guidelines
may result in liability or other legal consequences, adverse publicity and termination of the relationship, which could materially adversely
affect the Company. 

Changes
in accounting rules, assumptions or judgments could materially and adversely affect the Company. 

Accounting
rules and interpretations for certain aspects of the Company s financial reporting are highly complex and involve significant
assumptions and judgment. These complexities could lead to a delay in the preparation and dissemination of the Company s
consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, changes in accounting rules and interpretations or in the Company s accounting
assumptions or judgments, such as asset impairments and contingencies are likely to significantly impact the Company s
consolidated financial statements. In some cases, the Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively,
resulting in restating consolidated financial statements from prior period(s). Any of these circumstances could have a material
adverse effect on the Company s business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. For additional
information, see the consolidated financial statements of the Company and related footnotes included elsewhere in this
document. 

The
accounting for the forward purchase derivative resulting from the forward purchase agreement we entered into in connection with the Business
Combination requires us to revalue the derivative at each balance sheet date, which could result in material changes to our balance sheet
and statement of operations. 

The Company accounts for the forward purchase derivative assumed in the Business Combination in accordance with the guidance contained
in ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The Company classifies the forward purchase derivatives
as liabilities carried at their fair value and adjusts the forward purchase derivatives to fair value at each reporting period. This liability
is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until the conditions under the forward purchase agreement are exercised or expire,
and any change in fair value is recognized in the consolidated statement of operations. As a result, changes in the fair value of this
derivative could result in material impacts to our balance sheet and statement of operations. 

If
the Company fails to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls, it may not be able to accurately determine its
financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, investors could lose confidence in the Company s financial results, which could
materially and adversely affect the Company. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for the Company to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. The Company may
in the future discover areas of its internal controls that need improvement. We cannot be certain that the Company will be
successful in maintaining adequate internal control over its financial reporting and financial processes. Furthermore, as the
Company grows its business, its internal controls will become more complex, and the Company will require significantly more
resources to ensure its internal controls remain effective. Additionally, the existence of any material weakness or significant
deficiency would require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weakness
or significant deficiency and management may not be able to remediate any such material weakness or significant deficiency in a
timely manner. The existence of any material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting could also
result in errors in its consolidated financial statements that could require the Company to restate past consolidated financial
statements, cause the Company to fail to meet its reporting obligations and cause investors to lose confidence in the
Company s reported financial information, all of which could materially and adversely affect the Company. 

Risks
Related to an Investment in Our Securities 

Our
failure to continue to meet Nasdaq s continued listing standards could have an adverse impact on our stock price. 

Our
shares are currently listed for trading on the Nasdaq. On March 16, 2023, we received a letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that
for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Company did not maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1 per share for its common stock,
as required by Nasdaq listing rule 5550(a)(2). The Company has 180 calendar days, or until September 12, 2023, to regain compliance.
The notice states that to regain compliance, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must be at least 1 for a minimum
of 10 consecutive business days. If the Company does not regain compliance by September 12, 2023, the Company may be eligible for additional
time up to an additional 180 days. In connection with any extension periods, if it appears that the Company will not be able to regain
compliance with Nasdaq listing rule 5550(a)(2), or if the Company is not otherwise eligible, the Nasdaq staff will provide notice to
the Company that its securities will be subject to delisting. At that time, the Company may appeal any such delisting determination to
a Hearings Panel. The Company intends to actively monitor the bid price and may evaluate other available options to resolve the deficiency
and regain compliance with the Nasdaq listing rule. While the Company is exercising diligent efforts to maintain the listing of its common
stock and warrants on Nasdaq, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain or maintain compliance with other Nasdaq
listing standards. 

At
this time, the Company s common stock and warrants continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbols SHFS and SHFSW, 
respectively. Remaining listed for trading on Nasdaq requires us to remain compliant with Nasdaq s current continued listing requirements,
which, in addition to the minimum bid price requirement described above, include maintaining minimum levels of shareholders equity,
assets and revenues (depending on the compliance standard being used to demonstrate compliance), and other quantitative standards such
as minimum market value of publicly held shares and number of market makers. Although we currently meet the Nasdaq continued listing
requirements, there can be no assurances that we will continue to do so in the future. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Sales
of our Class A Common Stock, or the perception of such sales, by us or the holders of such shares in the public market or otherwise could
cause the market price for our Class A Common Stock to decline. 

The
sale of shares of our Class A Common Stock in the public market or otherwise, or the perception that such sales could occur, could increase
the volatility of the market price of our Class A Common Stock or result in a significant decline in the public trading price of our
Class A Common Stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity
securities in the future at a time and at a price that it deems appropriate. Resales of our Class A Common Stock may cause the market
price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 

We
may not receive any proceeds from the exercise of Warrants, and if we do we may be unable to invest the portion of the net proceeds from
this offering on acceptable terms. 

We
will receive up to an aggregate of approximately 80.92 million from the exercise of the Warrants, assuming the exercise in full of all of the
Warrants for cash. However, will only receive proceeds to the extent holders of Warrants elect to exercise. We can provide no assurances
as to the amount of proceeds we will receive from the exercise of Warrants or whether we will receive any proceeds. We will have broad
discretion in the use of any proceeds received from the exercise of Warrants. Delays in investing the net proceeds from the exercise
of the Warrants may impair our performance. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify uses of proceeds that meet our investment
objectives or that any investment that we make will produce a positive return. We may be unable to invest the net proceeds from the exercise
of the Warrants on acceptable terms within the time period that we anticipate or at all, which could harm our financial condition and
operating results. 

There
is no guarantee that the Warrants will be in the money, and they may expire worthless. 

The
exercise price for the Warrants is 11.50 per share of Class A Common Stock, which exceeds the market price of the shares of Class A Common
Stock, which was 0.47 per share based on the closing price of the Class A Common Stock on April 5, 2023. There is no guarantee that
the Warrants will be in the money at any given time prior to their expiration. If the trading price of Class A Common Stock remains below
the exercise price of the Warrants, the Warrants may expire worthless. If all of the Warrants were exercised in full for cash, we would
receive an aggregate of approximately 80.92 million. We do not currently expect the holders of the Warrants to exercise their Warrants and therefore,
we do not expect to receive cash proceeds from any such exercise, for so long as the Warrants remain out of the money. We can provide
no assurances that the trading price of our Class A Common Stock will remain at levels where it would be attractive to exercise our outstanding
Warrants until the time that such warrants become exercisable. 

The
market for our securities has been volatile and may continue to be volatile, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of
our securities. 

The
price of our securities may fluctuate significantly due to the market s reaction to sales of our shares Class A Common Stock issued
to the holders of our convertible preferred stock upon the conversion thereof, and to general market and economic conditions. An active
trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. In addition, the price of our securities
can vary due to general economic conditions and forecasts, our general business condition and the release of our financial reports. Additionally,
if our securities become delisted from Nasdaq because we are unable to regain compliance with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement
or for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or OTC Pink, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities
that is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were quoted or listed
on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established or sustained. 

If
the Business Combination s benefits do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or financial analysts, the market price
of our securities may decline. 

If
the benefits of the Business Combination do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of the Company s
securities may decline. 

In
addition, fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Prior to the Business
Combination, there was not a public market for our stock and trading in the shares of our Class A Common Stock, public units and public
warrants was not active. Accordingly, the valuation ascribed to us and our Class A Common Stock, public units and public warrants in
connection with the Business Combination may not be indicative of the price of the post-combination company that will prevail in the
trading market. If an active market for our securities develops and continues, the trading price of our securities could be volatile
and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below
could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our securities and our securities may trade at prices significantly below
the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our securities may not recover and may experience a further
decline. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Factors
affecting the trading price of our securities may include: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our financial results or the financial results of companies
 perceived to be similar to us; 

changes
 in the market s expectations about our operating results; 

the
 public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings
 with the SEC; 

speculation
 in the press or investment community; 

success
 of competitors; 

our
 operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in
 a particular period; 

the impact of changes in valuation of financial derivatives; 

changes
 in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning the post-combination
 company or the market in general; 

operating
 and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the post-combination
 company; 

our
 ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 

changes
 in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation involving the post-combination company; 

changes
 in the post-combination company s capital structure, such as future issuances of securities
 or the incurrence of additional debt; 

the
 volume of shares of the Class A Common Stock and public warrants of the post-combination
 company available for public sale; 

any
 material change in our Board or management; 

sales
 of substantial amounts of Class A Common Stock by our directors, officers or significant
 stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; 

the
 realization of any of the risk factors presented in this document; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

failure
 to comply with the requirements of Nasdaq; 

failure
 to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or other laws or regulations; 

actual,
 potential or perceived control, accounting or reporting problems; 

changes
 in accounting principles, policies and guidelines; and 

general
 economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international
 currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 

Broad
market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock
market in general and Nasdaq have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities,
may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be
similar to the post-combination company could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or
results of operations. A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities
and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 

In
the past, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock
price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, and could
also require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments or to settle litigation. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

The
Company is a controlled company within the meaning of the applicable rules of Nasdaq and, as a result, may qualify for
exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. If the Company relies on these exemptions, its stockholders will not have
the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 

Following
the Closing of the Business Combination, PCCU controls a majority of the voting power of the Company s Class A Common Stock, and,
accordingly, the Company is considered a controlled company within the meaning of applicable rules of Nasdaq, which provide
that a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company
is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements: 

that
 a majority of the board consists of independent directors; 

for
 an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees; 

that
 the controlled company has a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with
 a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

that
 the controlled company has a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing
 the committee s purpose and responsibility. 

While
the Company does not intend to rely on these exemptions, the Company may use these exemptions now or in the future. As a result, the
Company s stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements. 

We
may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Although
we have conducted due diligence on the Company, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be
present in the Company s business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the Company s business and outside of our and the Company s control will not later arise. As a
result of these factors, we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure operations, or incur impairment or other
charges that could result in losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and
previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be
non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to
negative market perceptions about the post-combination company or its securities. Accordingly, any of our stockholders who chose to remain
stockholders following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

A
significant portion of our total outstanding shares are restricted from immediate resale but may be sold into the market in the near
future. This could cause the market price of our Class A Common Stock or public warrants to drop significantly, even if the Company s
business is doing well. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our Class A Common Stock or public warrants in the public market could occur at any time. These
sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price
of our Class A Common Stock or public warrants. Following the Business Combination, NLIT sponsor and the initial officers and directors Northern Lights Restricted Stockholders hold approximately 18.2 of our Class A Common Stock. Pursuant to the IPO Registration
Rights Agreement, the Northern Lights Restricted Stockholders are entitled to registration of the shares of Class A Common Stock into
which the shares of Class B Common Stock automatically converted at the time of the consummation of the Business Combination. In addition,
holders of our Private Placement Warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Private Placement Warrants
and the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and holders of warrants that may be issued
upon conversion of the Working Capital Loan may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of such warrants. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company
register such securities. These holders also have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to the consummation of the initial business combination. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

The
Northern Lights Restricted Stockholders entered into a letter agreement pursuant to which, they agreed that, with certain limited exceptions,
the shares of Class B Common Stock (which were converted into shares of Class A Common Stock at the Closing of the Business Combination)
may not be transferred until 150 days after the closing of the Business Combination. We also entered into the Lock-Up Agreement at the
Closing of the Business Combination, with each of the seller and PCCU, substantially in the form attached as Annex C . In addition,
given that the lock-up period on the shares of Class A Common Stock into which the shares of Class B Common Stock converted is potentially
shorter than most other blank check companies, these shares may become registered and available for sale sooner than comparable shares
in such other companies. 

The
terms of our PIPE financing completed in conjunction with the business Combination has had, and could continue to have an adverse impact
of the trading prices of the Class A Common Stock. 

Concurrently
with entering into the Unit Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into the Original Securities Purchase Agreement with the PIPE Investors,
pursuant to which, among other things, the Original PIPE Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and the Company agreed to issue
and sell to the Original PIPE Investors, the PIPE Shares and the PIPE Warrants. On September 27, 2022, the Company and the PIPE Investors
entered into the Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement, which amended the Original Securities Purchase Agreement to, among
other matters, reduce the amount of PIPE Shares to be issued from 60 million of Class A Convertible Preferred Stock to 20.45 million
of Class A Convertible Preferred Stock. The terms of the PIPE Shares provide for an initial conversion price of 10.00 per share of Class
A Common Stock, which conversion price is subject to downward adjustment on each of the dates that are 10 days, 55 days, 100 days, 145
days and 190 days after the effectiveness of a registration statement registering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the PIPE Shares to the lower of the Conversion Price and the greater of (i) 80 of the volume weighted average price of the Class
A Common Stock for the prior five trading days and (ii) 1.25, which is the adjusted minimum conversion price following receipt of stockholder
approval in January 2023 (the Floor Price provided that, so long as a PIPE Investor continues to hold any PIPE Shares,
such PIPE Investor will be entitled to receive the aggregate shares of Class A Common Stock that would be issuable based upon its initial
purchase of PIPE Shares at the adjusted Conversion Price. However, so long as the PIPE Investor continues to hold any PIPE Shares, such
PIPE Investor will be entitled to receive the aggregate shares of Class A Common Stock that would be issuable based upon its initial
purchase of PIPE Shares at the adjusted conversion price. The conversion price is also subject to other customary adjustments for stock
dividends, stock splits and similar corporate actions. 

The
PIPE Warrants have an exercise price of 11.50 per share of Class A Common Stock to be paid in cash (except if the shares underlying
the warrants are not covered by an effective registration statement after the six-month anniversary of the closing date, in which case
cashless exercise is permitted), subject to adjustment to a price equal to the greater of (i) 125 of the Conversion Price if at any
time there is an adjustment to the Conversion Price and the exercise price after such adjustment is greater than 125 of the Conversion
Price as adjusted and (ii) 5.00. The PIPE Warrants are also subject to adjustment for other customary adjustments for stock dividends,
stock splits and similar corporate actions. The PIPE Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years following the Closing, or September
28, 2027. After exercise of a PIPE Warrant, the Company may be required to pay certain penalties if it fails to deliver the Class A Common
Stock within a specified period of time. 

The
adjustments to the conversion price and the exercise price of the PIPE Warrants have had, and could have in the future, an adverse effect
on the market trading price of our Class A Common Stock. 

The
grant of registration rights to PCCU in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement,
and to the PIPE Investors in connection with the Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement, may adversely affect the market
price of our Class A Common Stock. 

In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement, we entered into a registration rights
agreement with PCCU and the seller in which we will agree to file a registration statement to register the resale of the Class A Common
Stock to be issued to the seller. In addition, we entered into a registration rights agreement with the PIPE Investors, pursuant to which,
among other things, we are obligated to file a registration statement to register the resale of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the PIPE Shares and the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the PIPE Warrants. The existence
of these shares available for resale pursuant to one or more registration statements could also have an adverse impact on the market
prices of our Class A Common Stock. 

The
Company may issue additional shares of common or preferred stock under the Equity Incentive Plan or otherwise, any one of which would
dilute the interest of the Company s stockholders and likely present other risks. 

The
Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 130,000,000 shares of Class
A Common Stock and 1,250,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. There are currently 111,249,088 authorized but unissued
shares of Class A Common Stock available for issuance, which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise
of outstanding warrants. There are currently 20,450 shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. The Company may issue additional
shares of common or preferred stock to under the Equity Incentive Plan or as needed for working capital or other purposes. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

The
issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of existing investors; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded the Company s
 common stock; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, the Company s
 ability to use its net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of the Company s
 present officers and directors; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for the Company s Class A Common Stock, Warrants, or both. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors due to seasonality
and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, resulting in a decline in our stock price. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly because of several factors, including: 

labor availability and
 costs for hourly and management personnel; 

profitability of our services,
 especially in new markets and due to seasonal fluctuations; 

changes in interest rates; 

impairment of long-lived
 assets; 

macroeconomic conditions,
 both nationally and locally; 

negative publicity relating
 to products we serve; 

changes in consumer preferences
 and competitive conditions; 

expansion to new markets;
 and 

fluctuations in commodity
 prices. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about the post-combination company, its business,
or its market, or if they change their recommendations regarding the Class A Common Stock of the post-combination company adversely,
then the price and trading volume of the Class A Common Stock of the post-combination company could decline. 

The
trading market for our Class A Common Stock or public warrants will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities
analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may
never, publish research on us. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of the post-combination company, the stock price
and trading volume of our Class A Common Stock and public warrants would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts who may
cover the post-combination company change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations
about our competitors, the price of our Class A Common Stock and public warrants would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover the
Company were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on it, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which
could cause the stock price or trading volume of our Class A Common Stock and public warrants of the post-combination company to decline. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to fund our operations and growth. 

We
may require additional financing to fund our operations or growth in future periods. The failure to secure
additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the post-combination company. None
of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us. 

Changes
in laws, regulations or rules, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations or rules, may adversely affect our business, investments
and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments and Nasdaq. In particular, we are required
to comply with certain SEC, Nasdaq and other legal or regulatory requirements of businesses providing financial services. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. These laws, regulations,
and rules include, without limitation, the following: 

As a commercial lender
 making loans to CRBs, we will be subject to various state laws relating to usury that govern or limit interest rates and other fees
 charged on loans, permitted contractual loan terms, collection practices and creditor remedies. 

As an employer, we will
 be subject to state and federal laws relating to employment practices, health and safety of employees, employee benefits and other
 employment-related matters. 

As a company whose common
 stock is listed for trading on Nasdaq, we are subject to Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, which include requirements
 relating corporate governance matters, the size of the public float of our shares, and the minimum bid price of our shares. We are
 also required to notify Nasdaq of various corporate actions. 

We are an SEC reporting
 company and therefore we are required to comply with the various rules and regulations of the SEC that relate to, among other things,
 the timing and content of annual, quarterly and current reports, the process to register additional shares for sale to the public
 or for resale by existing investors, and disclosures in connection with meetings of our stockholders. Changes in these rules and
 regulations can have a significant impact on us, such as the rules proposed by the SEC on March 30, 2022 regarding the disclosure
 requirements in connection with business combination transactions involving SPACs. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

As
our business expands to additional states, we will be required to review and comply with those states laws that apply to our services
and business activities. We will also be required to determine whether we will become subject to additional areas of regulation if we
expand the types of activities in which we engage. For example, because we do not hold customer deposits or offer loans for consumer
or personal purposes, we are not currently required have a financial institution charter or lending license in the states in which we
currently provide services or loans. If we do not identify activities that would require a regulatory application, license or other approval,
or if the interpretation and application of the laws to which we are currently subject change, those additional laws, rules, and regulations
or changes therein could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. A failure to comply with
any applicable laws, regulations or rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results
of operations. 

We
have not registered the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor
from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We
have not registered the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state
securities laws at this time. While under the terms of the warrant agreement we have agreed to use our best efforts to file a
registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the
warrant agreement, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. For example, if any facts or events arise which represent a
fundamental change in the information set forth in such registration statement or prospectus, the consolidated financial statements
contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order, such registration will
likely not be available. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, holders
have the right to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for unregistered shares of Class A Common Stock in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. However, no such warrant will be exercisable and we will not be
obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is
registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder or an exemption from state registration is
available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a
national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the
Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file
or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register the shares under
applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. We will not be required to settle any warrant in cash or issue
securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants if we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the
warrants under applicable state securities laws and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of
the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be
entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their
warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A Common Stock
included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable
to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

Warrants
are exercisable for Class A Common Stock, and the exercise of such Warrants would increase the number of shares eligible for resale in
the public market and result in dilution to our stockholders. 

As
part of our business combination, there are warrants outstanding to purchase
5,750,000 shares of Class A Common Stock and Private Placement Warrants issued to NLIT s sponsor to purchase 264,088 shares of Class
A Common Stock at 11.50 per share, and we also issued the PIPE Warrants to the PIPE Investors to purchase 1,022,500 shares of Class A
Common Stock at 11.50 per share. The shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon exercise of our warrants will result in dilution to the
then existing holders of Class A Common Stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial
numbers of such shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock or public warrants. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part
of the units issued in NLIT s IPO except that, so long as they are held by NLIT s sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i)
they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject
to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by NLIT s sponsor until 30 days after the completion of an initial
business combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) are subject to registration rights. 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law,
could impair a takeover attempt, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could
delay or prevent a change of control. Together, these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. These provisions include: 

a
 prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to
 be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 

34 

 Table of Contents 

a
 denial of the right of stockholders to call a special meeting; 

a
 vote of 66 2/3 required to approve certain amendments to the Second Amended and Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation and the bylaws; and 

the
 designation of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain disputes. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole
and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholder s ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that internal corporate claims
may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have, or declines to accept,
jurisdiction, another state court or a federal court located within the State of Delaware). In addition, our Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving
any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. This forum selection provision does not apply to claims brought
to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest
in our stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provision in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation. 

This
choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims.
Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions,
which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. For example, under the Securities Act, federal courts have
concurrent jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive
compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether
a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act. 

The
JOBS Act permits emerging growth companies like us to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

We
qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012, which we refer to as the JOBS Act. As such, we take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies for as long as we continue
to be an emerging growth company, including (i) the exemption from the auditor attestation requirements with respect to internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ), (ii) the exemptions from say-on-pay,
say-on-frequency and say-on-golden parachute voting requirements and (iii) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they deem important.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following July 28, 2026, the
fifth anniversary of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion or (c) in which we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A Common Stock, public warrants and public units that is held
by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our prior second fiscal quarter, and (ii) the date on which we
have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict if investors will find
our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as
a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of
our common stock may be more volatile. The Company had total revenues during calendar year 2021 of approximately 7.0 million. If the
post-combination company continues to expand its business through acquisitions and/or continues to grow revenues organically post-Business
Combination, we may cease to be an emerging growth company prior to December 31, 2026. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from
complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an
emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those
standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended
transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, but any such election to opt out is
irrevocable. We have elected to avail ourselves of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or
revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new
or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our consolidated
financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 

If
some investors find our Class A Common Stock or public warrants less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our Class A Common Stock or public warrants and more stock price volatility. 

Our
internal controls over financial reporting may not be effective and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able
to certify as to their effectiveness, which could have a significant and adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

As
a public company, we are required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of SOX, which require management
to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting. To comply with the requirements of being a public company, and we may need to undertake
various actions, such as implementing additional internal controls and procedures and hiring additional accounting or internal audit
staff. The standards required for a public company under Section 404 of SOX are significantly more stringent than those required of the
Company as a privately-held company. Further, as an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm is not
required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the
date we are no longer an emerging growth company. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report
that is adverse in the event that it is not satisfied with the level at which the controls of the post-combination company are documented,
designed or operating. 

Testing
and maintaining these controls can divert our management s attention from other matters that are important to the operation of
our business. If we identify material weaknesses in the internal control over financial reporting of the Company or are unable to comply
with the requirements of Section 404 or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent
registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting
when we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial
reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the SEC
or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 

Item
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

Item
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters were located in Arvada, Colorado pursuant to a month-to-month lease from PCCU as of December 31, 2022. The
Company has relocated its executive offices to 72,132 square feet of lease office space Golden, CO. In addition, the Company assumed
a lease on a property in Little Rock, AR, in connection with the Abaca Transaction (please see Abaca
Acquisition above). 

Item
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are, from time to time, in the ordinary course, engaged in litigation, and we have a small number of unresolved claims pending. In addition,
as part of the ordinary course of business, we are parties to litigation involving claims relating to the ownership of funds in particular
accounts, the collection of delinquent accounts, credit relationships, challenges to security interests in collateral and foreclosure
interests, which are incidental to our regular business activities. While the ultimate liability with respect to these other litigation
matters and claims cannot be determined at this time, we believe that potential liabilities relating to pending matters are not likely
to be material to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Where appropriate, reserves for these various matters
of litigation are established, under FASB ASC Topic 450, Contingencies, based in part upon management s judgment and the advice
of legal counsel. 

At
least quarterly, we assess our liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal proceedings utilizing the latest information
available. For those matters where it is probable that we will incur a loss and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we
record a liability in our consolidated financial statements. These legal reserves may be increased or decreased to reflect any relevant
developments based on our quarterly reviews. For other matters, where a loss is not probable or the amount of the loss cannot be estimated,
we have not accrued legal reserves, consistent with applicable accounting guidance. Based on information currently available to us, advice
of counsel, and available insurance coverage, we believe that our established reserves are adequate and the liabilities arising from
the legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition. We note, however, that in light
of the inherent uncertainty in legal proceedings there can be no assurance that the ultimate resolution will not exceed established reserves.
As a result, the outcome of a particular matter or a combination of matters, if unfavorable, may be material to our financial position,
results of operations or cash flows for a particular period, depending upon the size of the loss or our income for that particular period. 

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

Item
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUERS PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants are currently listed on NASDAQ under the symbols SHFS and SHFS, 
respectively. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company s units, common stock and warrants were listed
on NASDAQ under the symbols NLITU, NLIT, and NLITW respectively. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A Common Stock to date. We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion
and debt repayment and has no current plans to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends
in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial
condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to
pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. We do not
anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of the Class A Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plan 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were 4,037,147 shares of Class A Common Stock initially authorized for issuance under our 2022 Stock Incentive
Plan (the Incentive Plan ), which our stockholders approved on June 28, 2022 in connection with the Business Combination.
The Incentive Plan became effective immediately upon the Closing. 

Item
6. RESERVED 

37 

 Table of Contents 

Item
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References
in this section to we, us, or our refer to SHF Holdings, Inc (herein referred to as the Company ).
References to management refer to our officers and board of managers. The following discussion and analysis of our financial
performance and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Forward
Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding future operations, are
forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as believe, may, 
 will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could, 
 would, expect, objective, plan, potential, seek, 
 grow, target, if, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements.
We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that
we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations,
objectives, and financial needs. 

Overview 

Founded
in 2015 by PCCU (please see Business Reorganization below for a description of the Company s organization), the Company s
mission is to provide access to reliable and compliant financial services for the legal cannabis industry. Through that mission and as
an early leader with over seven years of experience, the Company is a leading provider of access to reliable and compliance driven banking,
lending and other financial services to financial institutions desiring to provide those services to the cannabis industry. 

Through
our proprietary platform and on a multi-state level, the Company provides access to the following banking related services through PCCU
and other financial institutions: 

Business checking and savings accounts 

Cash management accounts 

Savings and investment options 

Commercial lending 

Courier services (via third party relationships) 

Remote deposit services 

Automated Clearing House (ACH) payments and origination 

Wire payments 

Our
services allow Cannabis Related Businesses (herein referred to as CRBs to obtain services from financial institutions
that allow them to run their business more efficiently and effectively with improved financial insight into their business and access
to resources to help them grow. Due to limited availability of payment and other banking solutions for the cannabis industry, most businesses
transact with high volumes of cash. Our fintech platform benefits CRBs and financial institutions by providing CRBs with access to financial
institutions and financial institutions access to increased deposits with the comfort of knowing that those deposits have been compliantly
monitored and validated. By facilitating the daily deposits of cash receipts between CRBs and financial institutions, the risks associated
with high cash on hand are mitigated, creating a safer atmosphere for the CRB s employees and the financial institutions at which
the deposit accounts are held. Because the Company is not a financial institution, the Company does not hold customer deposits. All deposit
accounts are held by the Company s financial institution clients and all transmissions of funds to and from deposit accounts are
handled directly by the financial institutions. In an industry with limited capital and financing options, we offer access to loan options
at what we believe to be competitive rates often with less punitive terms than the current industry average. Our financial institution
clients offer loan options including senior secured debt and operating lines of debt. Collateral types include real estate, equipment,
and other business assets. We also provide access to lending options for ancillary service providers serving the cannabis industry as
these businesses also can have difficulty finding reliable financial services. 

To
ensure access to consistent and dependable banking access to CRBs, we provide our compliance, validation and monitoring services to financial
institutions in a compliance driven environment ensuring strict adherence to the Bank Secrecy Act/FinCEN guidance and related anti money
laundering provisions. Since inception, the Company has assisted PCCU in processing more than 12 billion in cannabis related funds and,
through its relationship with PCCU and other financial institutions, the Company has successfully navigated 16 state and federal banking
exams. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

In
strategically selected geographic areas, the Company licenses to other financial institutions its proprietary software and Safe Harbor
Program (the Program to provide compliance-related services to CRBs. As part of the Program, we provide the following
to financial institutions interested in licensing the Program to assist in compliant cannabis banking: 

Initial customer due diligence Know Your Customer 

Customer application management 

Program management support 

Compliance monitoring 

Regulatory exam assistance 

Business
Reorganization 

On
February 11, 2022, SHF, LLC and SHF Holding Co., LLC, the sole member of SHF, LLC, and Partner Colorado Credit Union PCCU ),
the sole member of SHF Holding, Co., LLC, entered into a definitive purchase agreement (herein referred to as the Business Combination with Northern Lights Acquisition Corp. NLIT ), a special purpose acquisition company, and its sponsor, 5AK, LLC. Subsequent
to the completion of the transaction, NLIT changed its name to SHF Holdings, Inc. (herein referred to as the Company ). 

PCCU s
Board of Directors approved the contribution of certain assets and operating activities associated with operations from both the Branches
and Safe Harbor Services SHS a wholly-owned subsidiary of PCCU, to SHF Holding, Co., LLC. SHF
Holding, Co., LLC then contributed the same assets and related operations to SHF, LLC with PCCU s investment in SHF, LLC maintained
at the SHF Holding, Co., LLC level (the reorganization ). The reorganization effectively occurred July 1, 2021. In conjunction
with the reorganization, all of Branches employees and certain PCCU employees were terminated from PCCU and hired as SHF, LLC
employees. Collectively, oldco, the Branches and SHF, LLC represent the Carved-Out Operations. After the reorganization,
SHF, LLC contains the entirety of the Carved-Out Operations and oldco was dissolved. In addition, effective July 1, 2021, the entity
entered into an Account Servicing Agreement and Support Servicing Agreement which were subsequently amended and restated. 

Pursuant
to the Unit Purchase Agreement, upon the closing of the transaction, NLIT purchased all of the issued and outstanding membership
interests of SHF in exchange for an aggregate of 185,000,000, consisting of (i) 11,386,139 shares of the entity s Class A
common stock with an aggregate value equal to 115,000,000 and (ii) 70,000,000 in cash. At transaction close, 1,831,683 shares of
the Class A Common Stock were deposited with an escrow agent to be held in escrow for a period of 12 months following the closing
date to satisfy potential indemnification claims of the parties. In addition, 3,143,388 in cash and cash equivalents representing
the amount of cash on hand at July 31, 2021, less accrued but unpaid liabilities, were paid to PCCU at the final transaction close.
On September 19, 2022, the parties entered into the first amendment to the purchase agreement to extend the date by which the
closing had to occur from August 31, 2022 until September 28, 2022 and provide for the deferral of 30 million of the 70 million in
cash due at the closing. On September 22, 2022, the parties entered into the second amendment to the purchase agreement to provide
for the deferral of a total of 50 million of the 70 million due at the closing. On September 28, 2022, the parties entered into
the third amendment to the purchase agreement to provide for the deferral of a total of 56,949,800 of the 70,000,000 due at the
closing. 

Effective
February 11, 2022, the Company entered into a Loan Servicing Agreement with PCCU. The agreement sets forth the application, underwriting
and approval process for loans from PCCU to CRB customers and the loan servicing and monitoring responsibilities provided by both PCCU
and the Company. For the loans subject to this agreement, the Company underwrites the loans and performs all compliance analysis, credit
analysis of the potential borrower, due diligence and underwriting and all administration, including hiring and incurring the costs of
all related personnel or third-party vendors necessary to perform these services. PCCU receives a monthly servicing fee at an annual
rate of 0.25 of the then-outstanding principal balance of each loan funded by PCCU. Under the Loan Servicing Agreement, the Company
has agreed to indemnify PCCU from all claims related to default-related loan losses as defined in the Loan Servicing Agreement. The agreement
is for an initial term of three years and will renew for additional one-year terms unless a party provides 120 days notice of
non-renewal or there is a termination for cause, provided that PCCU may not provide notice of non-renewal until 30 months following the
signing date. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company reported expenses of 775,259 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 190,908
for the year ended December 31, 2021. On March 29, 2023, the Company and PCCU entered into the Commercial Alliance Agreement that sets forth the terms and conditions of the
lending-related and account-related services governing the relationship between the Company and PCCU and supersedes the Loan Servicing
Agreement, as well as the Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement and the Amended and Restated Account Servicing Agreement. 

The
Company s lending services program currently depends on PCCU as its largest funding source for new loans to CRBs. Under PCCU s
loan policy for loans to CRBs, PCCU s board of directors has approved aggregate lending limits at the lessor of 1.3125 times PCCU s
net worth or 65 of total CRB deposits. Concentration limits for the deployment of loans are further categorized as (i) real estate secured,
(ii) construction, (iii) unsecured and (iv) mixed collateral with each category limited to a percentage of PCCU s net worth. In
addition, loans to any one borrower or group of associated borrowers are limited by applicable National Credit Union Association regulations
to the greater of 100,000 or 15 of PCCU s net worth. 

On
September 28, 2022, the parties consummated the Business Combination, resulting in NLIT, consistent with the aforementioned
parameters, purchasing all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of SHF in exchange for an aggregate of 185,000,000,
consisting of (i) 11,386,139 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock with an aggregate value equal to 115,000,000 and
(ii) 70,000,000 in cash, 56,949,801 of which will be paid on a deferred basis. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

Subsequent
to the completion of the business combination, the status of PCCU has changed from Parent to majority shareholder of the Company pursuant
to its ownership of 60.8 of the Company. 

The
Company generates both interest income and fee income through providing a variety of services to financial institutions desiring to service
the cannabis industry including, among other things, Bank Secrecy Act and other regulatory compliance and reporting, onboarding, responding
to account inquiries, responding to customer service inquiries relating to CRB depository accounts held at PCCU, and sourcing and managing
loans. In addition to PCCU, the Company provides these similar services and outsourced support to other financial institutions providing
banking to the cannabis industry. These services are provided to other financial institutions under the Safe Harbor Master Program Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Unit Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into the Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement and the Amended and
Restated Account Servicing Agreement under similar terms as the July 2021 agreements. In addition, in
conjunction with the Unit Purchase Agreement, the Company and PCCU entered into a Loan Servicing Agreement. On March 29, 2023, the Company and PCCU entered into the Commercial Alliance Agreement that sets forth the terms and conditions of the
lending-related and account-related services governing the relationship between the Company and PCCU and supersedes the Amended and Restated
Support Services Agreement, the Amended and Restated Account Servicing Agreement, and the Loan Servicing Agreement. 

The
purpose of the 56,949,800 deferral is to provide the Company with additional cash to support its post-closing activities. Pursuant to
the third amendment to the Unit Purchase Agreement, the deferred consideration shall be paid in one payment of 21,949,801 on or before
December 15, 2022, and the 35,000,000 balance in six equal installments of 6,416,667, payable beginning on the first business day following
April 1, 2023, and on the first business day of each of the following five fiscal quarters, for a total of 38,500,002, including interest
of 3,500,002. Furthermore, PCCU agreed to defer 3,143,388, representing certain excess cash of SHF, LLC due to the seller under the
definitive unit purchase agreement, and the reimbursement of certain reimbursable expenses under the definitive unit purchase agreement. 

On
October 26, 2022, the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement (the Forbearance Agreement with PCCU and Luminous Capital
USA Inc. As per the terms of the agreement, PCCU has agreed to defer all payments owed pursuant to the Unit Purchase
Agreement for a period of six (6) months from the date hereof while the Parties engage in good faith efforts to renegotiate the payment
terms applicable to the Deferred Obligation (the Forbearance Period ). 

On
March 29, 2023, the Company and PCCU entered into a definitive transaction (Refer to Note 22, Subsequent Events, of the
consolidated financial statements) to settle and restructure the deferred obligations, including 56,949,800 into a five-year Senior
Secured Promissory Note (the Note in the principal amount of 14,500,000 bearing interest at the rate of 4.25 ; a Security
Agreement pursuant to which the Company will grant, as collateral for the Note, a first priority security interest in substantially all
of the assets of the Company; and a Securities Issuance Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will issue 11,200,000 shares of the
Company s Class A Common Stock to PCCU. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Purchase
Agreement and Public Company Costs 

The
Business Combination detailed above was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded,
in accordance with GAAP. Under this method of
accounting, NLIT was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business
Combination is treated as the equivalent of SHF issuing shares for the net assets of NLIT, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net
assets of NLIT are recognized at fair value (which is expected to be consistent with carrying value), with no goodwill or other intangible
assets recorded. 

Other
related events in connection with the Business Combination are summarized below: 

The
 2,875,000 of Class B Common Stock converted at the closing to an equal number of shares
 of Class A Common Stock. 

Upon
 closing of the Business Combination, 11,386,139 shares of Class A Common Stock were issued to PCCU as set forth in and pursuant to
 the terms of the Unit Purchase Agreement. 

PCCU
was due to receive a cash payment of 3.1 million at the consummation of the Business Combination, which represented the amount of SHF s
cash on hand at July 31, 2021, less accrued but unpaid liabilities. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement, the
Company is responsible for reimbursing the seller for its transaction expenses. 

Approximately
 56.9 million of the 70.0 million of cash proceeds due to PCCU was deferred and is due to
 the seller. Approximately 21.9 million of the amount was due to PCCU beginning December
 15, 2022. The residual 35.0 million is due in six quarterly installments of 6.4 million
 thereafter. Interest accrues at an effective annual rate of approximately 4.71 . A sum of
 1,200,000 shares of Class A Common Stock were escrowed until the amount is paid in full. 

The
 Parent-Entity Net Investment appearing in the balance sheet of the Company amounting to 9,124,297
 on the date of business combination was transferred to additional paid in capital. 

Immediately
 prior to the Closing, 20,450 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred were purchased by the
 PIPE Investors pursuant to the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreements for an aggregate value
 of 20,450,000. The shares of Series A Convertible Preferred were converted into 2,045,000
 shares of Class A Common Stock at a purchase price of 10.00 per share of Class A Common Stock. Twenty
 (20) percent of the aggregate value was deposited into a third party escrow account for purposes
 of paying the PIPE Investors any required Registration Delay Payments. Upon the filing of
 the registration statement 10 calendar days subsequent to closing, 17.5 of the escrow amount
 was released with the remaining amount once all securities were included in an effective
 registration statement. 

For
 tax purposes, the transaction is treated as a taxable asset acquisition, resulting in an
 estimated tax basis Goodwill balance of 44,102,572, creating a deferred tax asset reported
 as Additional Paid-in Capital in the equity section of the balance sheet as of the date of
 the business combination. There is not any goodwill for book reporting purposes as no goodwill
 or other intangible assets are to be recorded in accordance with GAAP. 

Preferred
 Stock: The Company is authorized to issue 1,250,000 preferred shares with a par value of
 0.00001 per share with such designation rights and preferences as may be determined from
 time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were
 14,616 preferred shares issued or outstanding and no preferred shares outstanding on December
 31, 2021. 

Class
 A Common Stock: The Company is authorized to issue up to 130,000,000 shares of Class A Common
 Stock with a par value of 0.00001 per share. Holders of the Company s Class A Common
 Stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
 there were 20,815,912 and 3,393,175 shares, respectively, of Class A Common Stock issued or outstanding.
 As of December 31, 2022, 3,669,504 Class A Common Stock are held by the purchasers under
 forward purchase agreement dated June 16, 2022 by and among the Company and such purchasers. 

Parent-Entity
 Net Investment: Parent-Entity Net Investment balance in the consolidated balance sheets represents
 PCCU s historical net investment in the Carved-Out Operations. For purposes of these
 consolidated financial statements, investing requirements have been summarized as Parent-Entity
 Net Investment and represent equity as no cash settlement with PCCU is required. No
 separate equity accounts are maintained for SHS, SHF or the Branches. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

Key
Metrics 

In
addition to the measures presented in our consolidated financial statements, our management regularly monitors certain measures in the
operation of our business. These key metrics are discussed below. 

Earnings
Before Interest Taxes Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) and Adjusted EBITDA 

To
provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we have disclosed EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, both of
which are non-GAAP financial measures that we calculate as net income before taxes and depreciation and amortization expense in the case
of EBITDA and further adjusted to exclude non-cash, unusual and/or infrequent costs in the case of Adjusted EBITDA. Below we have provided
a reconciliation of net income (the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure) to EBITDA and from EBITDA to Adjusted EBITDA. 

We
present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA because these metrics are a key measure used by our management to evaluate our operating performance,
generate future operating plans, and make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of investment capacity. Accordingly, we believe
that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results
in the same manner as our management. 

EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis
of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are as follows: 

although depreciation and
 amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and both EBITDA
 and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
 do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; and 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
 do not reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us. 

Because
of these limitations, you should consider EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures, including net loss
and our other GAAP results. 

A
reconciliation of net income to non-GAAP EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net (loss)/ income 
 (35,128,083 
 3,286,887 
 
 Interest expense 
 802,797 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 189,275 
 1,921 
 
 Taxes 
 (9,252,893 
 - 
 
 EBITDA 
 (43,388,904 
 3,288,808 

Other adjustments 

Loan loss provision 
 506,212 
 1,399 
 
 Change in the fair value of warrants and forward purchase derivatives 
 8,058,091 
 - 
 
 Deferred loan origination fees and costs 
 (1,890 
 - 
 
 Stock option conversion 
 2,806,336 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement 
 33,322,248 
 - 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 1,302,093 
 3,290,207 

The
decrease in our income on an EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA basis for the year ended December 31, 2022, is due to substantial drop in
the value of forward purchase agreement, increase in professional fees pursuant to business combination activity as well as
increases in compensation, employee benefits, marketing, insurance, and additional items, as discussed under Discussion of
our Results of Operations below. Other adjustments include estimated future loan losses not yet realized including
amounts indemnified to PCCU for loans funded by them. Effective February 2022, the Company entered into a Loan Servicing Agreement
with PCCU, pursuant to which the Company agreed to indemnify PCCU for claims associated with CRB activities including any loan
default related losses for loans funded by PCCU; the Loan Servicing Agreement has since been superseded by the Commercial Alliance
Agreement. (Refer to Note 22, Subsequent Events, of the consolidated financial statements.) Deferred loan origination
fees and costs represent the change in net deferred loan origination fees and costs. When included with a new loan origination, we
receive an upfront loan origination fee in conjunction with new loans funded by our financial institution partners and incur costs
associated with originating a specific loan. For accounting purposes, the cash received for loan origination fees and costs is
initially deferred and recognized as interest income utilizing the interest method. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Other
Metrics 

For
our business operations, we monitor the following key metrics. 

Total
account balances, number of accounts and average account balances 

Our
lending capacity is dependent on the size of our managed deposit base and number of active accounts. In addition, fees are generated
based on open accounts and account activity. We monitor account activity including deposits, withdrawals and ending account balance daily.
Total account balances represent the balance of onboarded and monitored deposits on hand at financial institution clients at period end.
Average account balance represents the total account balance divided by the number of accounts at the period end. 

Account
fees per average active accounts managed 

Currently
a significant amount of our fees is generated from account openings, active accounts and account activity. As a result, we monitor account
openings and closings on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. We strive to meet the appropriate balance between depository balances and
fees and therefore review account fees per average number of active accounts managed. 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change ) 
 Change ) 
 
 Average monthly ending deposit balance 
 (1) 
 208,155,596 
 180,462,421 
 27,693,175 
 15.35 
 
 Account fees 
 (2) 
 5,951,337 
 5,982,785 
 (31,448 
 (0.53 
 
 Average active accounts 
 (3) 
 967 
 535 
 432 
 80.75 
 
 Average account balance 
 (4) 
 215,259 
 337,313 
 (122,054 
 (36.18 
 
 Average fees per account 
 (4) 
 6,154 
 11,183 
 (5,029 
 (44.97 

(1) 
 Represents the average of monthly
 ending account balances 

(2) 
 Reported account activity fee revenue 

(3) 
 Represents the average of monthly ending active accounts 

(4) 
 Refer to the below section Discussion of
 Results of our Operations for additional discussion of trends. 

While
the average number of accounts increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, the average
account size and account fees decreased as we experienced some churn of larger clients replaced by smaller business. We expect this trend
to shift as we lead with our lending program typically requiring borrowers to place deposits with financial institutions with which we
have relationships. 

The
Company s lending operations are considered early stage, as it began its focused efforts on expanding its lending in 2021. We are
focused on enhancing and growing our lending platform. Incremental lending key metrics will be monitored as this portion of our business
grows in volume. Metrics will include average loan balance, average life to repayment, average effective interest rate and loan status,
amongst others. 

Components
of our Results of Operations 

Revenue 

The
Company generates interest and fee income through providing a variety of services to PCCU to facilitate its banking services to CRBs
including, among other things, Bank Secrecy Act and other regulatory compliance and reporting, onboarding, responding to account inquiries,
responding to customer service inquiries relating to CRB deposit accounts held at financial institution clients, and sourcing and originating
loans. In addition, the Company provides these similar services and outsourced support to other financial institutions providing banking
to the cannabis industry. These services are provided under the Safe Harbor Master Program Agreement. 

Operating
expenses 

Operating
expenses consist of compensation and benefits, professional services, rent expense, PCCU allocations, provisions for loan losses and
other general and administrative expenses. 

Compensation
and benefits consist of employee wages and associated benefits while professional services consist of legal, general consulting and accounting
fees. 

PCCU
allocations include corporate allocations such as information technology, customer support, marketing, executive compensation and other
general and administrative expenses attributed to the Carved-Out Operations based on the size of the specifically identifiable CRB s
deposit balances, deposit activity and accounts relative to the totals of consolidated PCCU. These allocations were discontinued effective
July 1, 2021 in conjunction with the reorganization. 

The
Company reports a provision for loan losses both as it relates to loans funded internally and those carried by PCCU or other financial
institutions. The Company indemnifies PCCU for losses on loans to borrowers sourced by the Company and funded by PCCU. The Company anticipates
comparable arrangements with other financial institutions that fund loans to borrowers sourced by the Company. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Other
general and administrative expenses consist of various miscellaneous items including account hosting fees, insurance expense, advertising
and marketing, travel meals and entertainment and other office and operating expense. 

Discussion
of our Results of Operations 2022 Compared to 2021 (Year Ended December 31) 

Revenue 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change ) 
 Change ) 
 
 Deposit, activity, onboarding income 
 6,063,939 
 6,039,358 
 24,581 
 0.41 
 
 Safe Harbor Program income 
 164,062 
 478,041 
 (313,979 
 (65.68 
 
 Investment income 
 2,120,640 
 376,918 
 1,743,722 
 462.63 
 
 Loan interest income 
 1,130,178 
 102,961 
 1,027,217 
 997.68 
 
 Miscellaneous fee income 
 - 
 8,301 
 (8,301 
 (100.00 
 
 Total Revenue 
 9,478,819 
 7,005,579 
 2,473,240 
 35.30 

Account
fee income consists of deposit account fees, activity fees and onboarding income. Historically, the Company has charged fees based on
cannabis related deposit account activity. During 2022, we reduced our fee percentage for cannabis specific accounts in order to ensure
we were competitive with the market and for many accounts implemented a flat fee structure for certain CRB accounts based on historical
and anticipated deposit levels. In addition, we receive a flat fee and lower rates for ancillary accounts, which are accounts provided
to businesses servicing the cannabis industry in general but do not manufacture, possess, distribute or transport cannabis. The ratio
of ancillary accounts to cannabis specific accounts increased during 2022. 

The
Company provides similar account services and outsourced support to other financial institutions providing banking to the cannabis industry.
These services are provided under the Safe Harbor Master Program Agreement. Revenue has decreased as we narrow the financial institutions
and states we allow under this program and instead focus on servicing CRBs directly. 

We
have an investment servicing agreement with PCCU (related party) where our financial institution clients invest their customer
deposits into short term US treasury instruments. The investment income in our income statement reflects our share of that
investment income. Investment income earned on deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank increased as a result of recent interest rate
increases. 

We
had a Loan Servicing Agreement with PCCU (related party) where our financial institution carries the loan balances on their
financial statement; the Loan Servicing Agreement has since been superseded by the Commercial Alliance Agreement. (Refer to Note 22,
 Subsequent Events, of the consolidated financial statements.) The loan interest income reflects our share of loan
interest on issued credit. Loan interest earned on the Company s direct loans and the indemnified loans increased as the
Company increases its focus on lending. For the year ended December 31, 2022, SHF serviced 11 loans in the year ended December 31,
2022, as compared to 4 loans in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Operating
expenses 

As
discussed in the reverse recapitalization section above, PCCU allocations were discontinued effective July 1, 2022, and SHF entered
into both an account servicing agreement and support service agreement. There is no impact on revenue as a result of implementing these
agreements. 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change ) 
 Change ) 
 
 Compensation and employee benefits 
 6,695,319 
 2,135,243 
 4,560,076 
 213.56 
 
 Professional services 
 1,985,343 
 292,143 
 1,693,200 
 579.58 
 
 Rent expense 
 99,246 
 73,482 
 25,764 
 35.06 
 
 Corporate allocations 
 - 
 648,533 
 (648,533 
 (100.00 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 506,212 
 1,399 
 504,813 
 36083.85 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 2,390,539 
 567,892 
 1,822,647 
 320.95 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 11,676,659 
 3,718,692 
 7,957,967 
 214.00 

Compensation
and employee benefits increased on account of stock-based compensation and partially as a result of Sundie Seefried, our CEO, and
one of our Vice President s resigning from PCCU effective July 1, 2021 and beginning employment at SHF the same date. Prior to
the July 1, 2021 reorganization a portion of their costs would have been included in the PCCU allocations. Amounts also increased as
SHF increased head count in conjunction with anticipated growth. 

Professional
services expense increased primarily due to the increase in the legal fees, audit fees, and consulting fees incurred in relation with
business combination transactions occurring during the year. 

PCCU
allocations decreased to zero as they were discontinued in conjunction with the reorganization discussed in the Business
Reorganization section above. 

Provision
for loan losses has increased as SHF focuses on increasing lending activity. The number of loans services by SHF has increased from 4
in 2021 to 11 in 2022. 

General
and administrative expenses increased across various categories including: i) approximately 584,351 in account and hosting fees as a
result of the reorganization, ii) approximately 306,387 in increased advertising and marketing as we focus on growth, iii) 26,088 in
loan servicing fees, and iv) 352,576 in business insurance. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

Financial
Condition 

Cash
and cash equivalents 

Cash,
cash equivalents totaled 8,390,195 and 5,495,905 as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Cash
flows 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s cash provided by operations was 1,697,380 , compared to cash provided by 2,946,383
for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was mainly due to reduced net income from operations with an additional amount resulting from
changes across operating assets and liabilities. See discussion under Discussion of our Results of Operations above
for more information. 

Contract
assets and liabilities 

Deferred
revenue is primarily related to contract liabilities associated with the Company agreements. As of December 31, 2022, SHF reported a
contract asset and liability of 21,170 and 996 and on December 31, 2021, SHF reported a contract asset and liability of 18,317 and
 8,333, respectively. 

Liquidity
and going concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had 8,390,195 in cash and net working capital of 39,340,020), as compared to 5,495,905 in
cash and net working capital of 5,922,023 at December 31, 2021. Included in the working capital deficit at December 31, 2022
is 25,973,017 current portion of the long-term payable owed to the seller, PCCU, from the aforementioned business combination, and 14,359,822
deferred consideration current portion related to the Abaca acquisition. The Company has also incurred a significant cumulative consolidated
operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Based
upon these factors, management of the Company has determined that there is a risk of substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from the date these consolidated financial statements have been
issued. 

Management
mitigated the going concern risk by renegotiating its aforementioned payable with PCCU (refer to the Subsequent Events disclosure
within Note 22 of the consolidated financial statements herein) , thus reducing the working capital deficit and certain other liabilities.
The Company also hired an experienced Chief Financial Officer in October 2022, who has immediately begun to institute certain cost-cutting
measures across the Company, including expense reduction measures and negotiating reduced amounts and extended terms for certain payables. These
factors, however, do not fully remove substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
that has been identified. If the Company is not able to sustain its present level of operations, it may be forced to make reductions in
spending, extend payment terms with suppliers, liquidate assets where possible, or suspend or curtail planned expansion programs. Any
of these actions could materially harm the Company s business, results of operations and future prospects. 

The accompanying audited consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business, and do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and
classification of assets or amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company not continue as a going concern
as a result of this uncertainty. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparing consolidated financial statements
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses,
as well as disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. An appreciation of our critical accounting policies is necessary to understand
our financial results. In some cases, we could reasonably use different accounting policies and estimates, and changes in our estimates
are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates, and our
financial condition or results of operations could be affected. We base our estimates on our experience and other assumptions that we
believe are reasonable, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical
accounting policies and estimates, which we discuss further below. 

Revenue
recognition 

SHF
recognized revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). The core principle of ASC 606 requires that an entity recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which SHF expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods
or services. ASC 606 defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle including identifying performance obligations in the
contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to
each separate performance obligation. 

Revenue
is recorded at a point in time when the performance obligation is satisfied, and no contingencies exist. Revenue consists primarily of
fees earned on deposit accounts held at PCCU but serviced by SHF such as bank account charges, onboarding income, account activity fee
income and other miscellaneous fees. 

In
addition, SHF recognizes revenue from the Master Program Agreement. The Master Program Agreement is a non-exclusive and non-transferable
right to implement and utilize the Safe Harbor Program. The Safe Harbor Program has two performance obligations; an implementation fee
recognized when the contract is effective and a service fee recognized ratable over the contract term as the compliance program is executed. 

Lastly,
SHF also records revenue for interest on loans and investment income allocated by PCCU based on specific customer balances. 

Amounts
received in advance of the service being provided is recorded as a liability under deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets. Typical
Safe Harbor Program contracts are three-year contracts with amounts due monthly, quarterly or annually based on contract terms. 

Customers
consist of financial institutions providing services to CRBs. Revenues are concentrated in the United States. 

Allowance
for loan losses 

The
allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses, increased by the provision for loan losses and
decreased by charge-offs less recoveries. Management estimates the required allowance for loan losses balance using past loan loss experience,
known and inherent risks in the nature and volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations and estimated collateral
values, economic conditions, and other factors. Allocations of the allowance for loan losses may be made for specific loans, but the
entire allowance is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged-off. Loan losses are charged against
the allowance for loan losses when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. 

The
allowance for loan losses consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are individually
classified as impaired or loans otherwise classified as substandard or doubtful. The general component covers non-classified loans and
is based on historical loss experience adjusted for current factors. 

Due
to the nature of uncertainties related to any estimation process, Management s estimate of loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio
may change in the near term. However, the amount of the change that is reasonably possible cannot be estimated. 

A
loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, full payment under the loan terms is not expected. Impairment
is generally evaluated in total for smaller-balance loans of similar nature such as a commercial loan and commercial lines of credit,
but may be evaluated on an individual loan basis if deemed necessary. If a loan is impaired, a portion of the allowance is allocated
so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the
fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

The
loans SHF intends to originate will be collateralized by various types of assets of the borrowers, including real property and certain
personal property, including value associated with other assets to the extent permitted by applicable laws and the regulations governing
the borrowers. The documents governing the loans also include a variety of provisions intended to provide remedies against the value
associated with licenses. Collection procedures are designed to ensure that neither SHF nor its financial institution clients who provide
funding for a loan, nor a third-party agent engaged to assist with the liquidation or foreclosure process, will take possession of cannabis
inventory, cannabis paraphernalia, or other cannabis-related assets, nor will they take title to real estate used in cannabis-related
businesses. Upon default of a loan, a third-party agent will be engaged to work with the borrower to have the borrower sell collateral
securing the loan to a third party or to institute a foreclosure proceeding to have such collateral sold to generate funds towards the
payoff of the loan. Applicable regulations under state law that govern CRBs generally do not permit the taking of title to real estate
involved in commercial sales of cannabis, whether through foreclosure or otherwise, without prior regulatory approval. The sale of a
license or other realization of the value of licenses also requires the approval of state and local regulatory authorities. A defaulted
loan may also be sold if such a sale would yield higher proceeds or that a sale could be accomplished more quickly than a foreclosure
proceeding while yielding proceeds comparable to what would be expected from a foreclosure sale. Such sale of the loan would be conducted
through a third-party administrative agent. However, SHF can provide no assurances that a sale of such loans would be possible or that
the sales price of such loans would be sufficient to recover the outstanding principal balance, accrued interest, and fees. 

Indemnity
liability 

The
indemnification component of the Loan Servicing Agreement is accounted for in accordance with ASC 450-20 Loss Contingencies. In determining
the applicability of ASC 450-20, we considered that the agreement outlines a broad indemnification of all claims related to the cannabis-related
business. The most immediate and potentially significant of these are potential default-related loan losses. In the lending industry,
it is inherently anticipated future loan losses will result from currently issued debt. SHF s indemnity obligation is subordinate
to PCCU s and other financial institution clients other means of collecting on the loans including foreclosure of the collateral,
recourse against personal and/or corporate guarantors and other default remedies available in the loan agreements. Since borrowers are
not party to the agreement between SHF and PCCU, any indemnity payments do not relieve borrowers of their obligation to PCCU nor would
such payments preclude PCCU s right to future recoveries from the debtor. Therefore, as defined in ASC 450-20, the indemnification
clause represents a general loss contingency in that it is an existing condition, situation or set of circumstances involving uncertainty
as to possible loss to the Company that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. SHF s
indemnity liability reflects SHF management s estimate of probable loan losses inherent under the agreement at the balance sheet
date. Management uses a disciplined process and methodology to establish the liability, and the estimates are sensitive to risk ratings
assigned to individual loans covered by the agreement as well as economic assumptions driving the estimation model. Individual loan risk
ratings are evaluated quarterly by SHF management based on each situation. 

In
addition to default-related loan losses, SHF continuously monitors all other circumstances pursuant to the agreement and identifies events
that may necessitate a loss contingency under the Loan Servicing Agreement. A loss contingency is reported when it is both probable that
a future event will confirm that a loss had been incurred on or before the related balance sheet date and the loss is reasonably estimable. 

Stock-based
compensation 

The
2022 Plan Equity Incentive Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders on June 28, 2022. The 2022 Plan permits
the grant of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units,
stock bonus awards, and performance compensation awards. The Company has not issued stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted
stock units, stock bonus awards, and performance compensation awards in years 2022 and 2021. In conjunction with the 2022 Plan, as of
December 31, 2022, the Company had granted stock options which are described in more detail below. 

Stock
options 

Stock
options are awarded to encourage ownership of the Company s common stock by employees and to provide increased incentive for employees
to render services and to exert maximum effort for the success of the Company. The Company s incentive stock options generally permit
net-share settlement upon exercise. The option exercise price, vesting schedule and exercise period are determined for each grant by
the administrator (person appointed by board to administer the stock plans) of the applicable plan. The Company s stock options generally
have a 10-year contractual term and vest over 3-4 years period from the grant date. 

The Company measures
all equity-based payment arrangements to employees and directors in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. The
Company s stock-based compensation cost is measured based on the fair value at the grant date of the stock-based award. It is recognized
as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur.
The Company estimates the fair value of each stock-based award on its measurement date using either the current market price of the stock
or Black-Scholes option valuation model, whichever is most appropriate. The Black-Scholes valuation model incorporates assumptions such
as expected term of the instrument, volatility of the Company s future share price, risk free rates, future dividend yields and
estimated forfeitures at the initial grant date, by reference to the underlying terms of the instrument, and the Company s experience
with similar instruments. Changes in assumptions used to estimate fair value could result in materially different results. 

The shares of the Company were listed on the stock exchange for a limited
period of the time and also the stock price has dropped significantly from the date of listing, based on which the Company has considered
the expected volatility at 100 for the purpose of stock compensation. The risk-free interest rates are based on quoted U.S. Treasury
rates for securities with maturities approximating the awards expected lives. The expected term of the options granted is calculated
based on the simplified method by taking average of contractual term and vesting period the awards. The expected dividend yield is zero
as the Company has never paid dividends and does not currently anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. 

Forward
purchase agreement 

On
June 16, 2022, NLIT entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement with Midtown East Management NL, LLC Midtown East ). Subsequent
to entering into the Forward Purchase Agreement, the Company, NLIT, and Midtown East entered into assignment and novation agreements
with Verdun Investments LLC Verdun and Vellar Opportunity Fund SPV LLC Series 1 Vellar ), pursuant
to which Midtown East assigned its obligations as to 1,666,666 shares of the shares of Class A Stock to be purchased under the Forward
Purchase Agreement to each of Verdun and Vellar. As contemplated by the Forward Purchase Agreement: 

Prior to the business combination, Midtown East, Verdun and Vellar purchased approximately 3.8 million shares of NLIT Class A common stock directly from investors at market price in the public market. Midtown East and other counter parties waived their redemption rights with respect to the acquired shares; 

47 

 Table of Contents 

One business day following the Closing, NLIT paid approximately 39.3 million from the cash held in its trust account to Midtown East; Verdun and Vellar for the shares purchased and approximately 0.3 million in related expense amounts. 

At any time prior to the Maturity Date (defined as the earlier of i) the third anniversary of the Closing of the Business Combination, ii) the shares are delisted from The Nasdaq Stock Market or (iii) during any 30 consecutive Scheduled Trading Day-period following the closing of the Business Combination, the Volume Weighted Average share Price (VWAP) Price for 20 Scheduled Trading Days during such period shall be less than 3.00 per share), Midtown East, Verdun and Vellar may elect an optional early termination to sell some or all of the shares (the Terminated Shares of Class A Stock in the open market. If Midtown East, Verdun and Vellar sell any shares prior to the Maturity Date, the pro-rata portion of the Reset Price will be released from the escrow account and paid to SHF. Midtown East, Verdun and Vellar shall retain any proceeds in excess of the Reset Price that is paid to SHF. 

At the Maturity Date, Midtown East, Verdun and Vellar shall be entitled to (1) the product of the shares then held by them multiplied by the Forward Price, and (2) an amount, in cash or shares at the sole discretion of NLIT, equal to (a) in the case of cash, the product of(i)(x) 3.8 million shares less (y) the number of Terminated Shares and (ii) 2.00 (the Maturity Cash Consideration and (b) in the case of shares, (i) the Maturity Cash Consideration divided by (ii) the VWAP Price for the 30 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Maturity Date. 

The trading value of the common stock combined with preferred shareholders electing to convert their preferred shares to common stock triggered a lower reset price embedded in the forward purchase agreement, or FPA. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had already called a special meeting to lower the make-whole price under the preferred share purchase agreement to 1.25/share. The Company, majority common shareholders and the preferred investors had entered into a voting agreement whereby the vote to approve the 1.25/share make-whole price was secured. Knowing the Company would ultimately be issuing shares to the preferred stockholders with a make whole issuance at 1.25/share compelled the company to recognize a reset price under the terms of the FPA of 1.25/share. These events significantly reduced the FPA receivable to approximately 4.6 million, from approximately 37.9 million reported at the end of the September 2022 quarter. The loss in value resulted not only in a compression of the balance sheet, but also 42.3 million charge to other expense on the statement of operations. 

Preferred
stock 

The Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
authorizes the issuance of up to 1,250,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. There are currently 20,450 shares of
preferred stock issued and outstanding. The preferred stock does not carry any voting rights. The option to convert the preferred
stock into Class A Common stock of the Company is at the will of the holder. The holder of the preferred stock shall only have the right
to receive Class A Common stock of the Company while making any request for conversion. Refer to Note 3 Business Combination of the consolidated financial statements herein for additional details pursuant to the aforementioned preferred stock. 

Forward
purchase derivative 

The
Company accounts for the forward purchase derivative assumed in the business
combination in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ).
The Company classifies the forward purchase derivative as an asset or liability carried at fair value and adjusts the forward purchase
derivative to fair value at each reporting period. This derivative asset or liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet
date until the conditions under the forward purchase agreement are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value is recognized in
the consolidated statement of operations. The fair value of the forward purchase derivative was estimated using a Monte-Carlo Simulation
in a risk-neutral framework (a special case of the Income Approach). Specifically, the future stock price is simulated assuming a Geometric
Brownian Motion GBM ). For each simulated path, the forward purchase value is calculated based on the contractual terms
and then discounted at the term-matched risk-free rate. Lastly, the value of the forward is calculated as the average present value over
all simulated paths. The Company measured the fair value of the forward purchase option derivative upon execution of the Forward Purchase
Agreement and as of December 31, 2022, with the respective fair value adjustments recorded within its Statements of Operations. The Company
will continue to monitor the fair value of the forward option derivative each reporting period with subsequent revisions to be recorded
in the Statements of Operations. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

SHF
is an emerging growth company EGC ), as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, EGCs can delay adopting new or revised
accounting standards issued until such time as those standards apply to private companies. In electing this relief, the JOBS Act does
not preclude an EGC from adopting a new or revised accounting standard earlier than the time that such standard applies to private companies.
SHF has elected to use this relief and will do so until the earlier of the date that it (a) is no longer an emerging growth company or
(b) affirmatively and irrevocably opts out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result of the elected JOBS
Act relief, these combined and consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that do not elect JOBS Act relief
or choose to early adopt different accounting pronouncements than SHF. 

Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

In connection
with our management assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
has identified four (4) material weaknesses within our internal controls over financial reporting related to its Deferred Tax Asset, Going
Concern, Revenue Recognition, and Complex Financial Instruments. Refer to Item 9A of this document for additional details. 

Related
Party Relationships 

Corporate
allocations 

Corporate
allocations include overhead expenses such as information technology, customer support, marketing, executive compensation and other general
and administrative expenses that are attributed to the Branches proportionately based on the relative size of the specific identifiable
customer deposits to the consolidated PCCU. 

Account
Servicing Agreement 

Effective
July 1, 2021, SHF entered into an Account Servicing Agreement with PCCU. SHF provides services as per the agreement to CRB accounts at
PCCU. In addition to providing the services, SHF assumes the costs associated with the CRB accounts. These costs include employees to
manage account onboarding, monitoring and compliance, rent and office expense, insurance and other operating expenses necessary to service
these accounts. Under the agreement, PCCU agrees to pay SHF all revenue generated from CRB accounts. Amounts due to SHF are due monthly
in arrears and upon receipt of invoice. The agreement is for an initial term of 3 years from the effective date. It shall renew thereafter
for 1-year terms until either SHF or PCCU provide sixty days prior written notice. Pursuant to this agreement, SHF reported revenue of
 8,823,608 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 3,168,243 for the period July 1,2021 to December 31, 2021. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

As
described elsewhere in this document, on February 11, 2022, SHF and PCCU entered into the Amended and Restated Account Servicing Agreement,
pursuant to which SHF provides services including, among other things, Bank Secrecy Act compliance and reporting, onboarding, responding
to account inquiries, and responding to customer service inquiries relating to accounts at PCCU held for cannabis-related businesses CRBs ). Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Account Servicing Agreement, SHF s fees for such services will equal
all cannabis-related income, including all lending-related income (such as loan origination fees, interest income on CRB-related loans,
participation fees and servicing fees), investment income, interest income, account activity fees, processing fees, flat fees, and other
revenue generated from cannabis and multi-state hemp accounts that are hosted on PCCU s core system. The Amended and Restated Account
Servicing Agreement is for an initial term of three years and will renew for additional one-year terms unless a party provides 120 days 
notice of non-renewal, provided that PCCU may not provide notice of non-renewal until 30 months following the signing date. The Amended
and Restated Account Servicing Agreement initially provided that the agreement would terminate within 60 days of SHF no longer qualifying
as a credit union service organization or within 60 days of the assumption by a third party of all CRB-related accounts;
however, on May 23, 2022, SHF and PCCU entered into the Second Amended and Restated Account Servicing Agreement, which agreement amended
and restated the Amended and Restated Account Servicing Agreement to remove the provision providing for the termination of the agreement
within 60 days of SHF no longer qualifying as a credit union service organization, as SHF will cease to qualify as a CUSO
following the closing of the Business Combination. 

Support
Services Agreement 

Effective
July 1, 2021, SHF entered into a Support Services Agreement with PCCU. In connection with PCCU hosting the depository accounts and the
related loans and providing certain infrastructure support, PCCU receives (and SHF pays) a monthly fee per depository account. In addition,
25 of any investment income associated with CRB deposits is paid to PCCU. The respective duties and obligations as per the agreement
commenced on the effective date and continue unless terminated by either SHF or PCCU upon giving sixty days prior written notice. Pursuant
to these agreements and as amended and restated on February 11, 2022, the Company reported expenses of 775,259 for the year ended December
31, 2022, and 190,908 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

As
described elsewhere in this document, on February 11, 2022, SHF and PCCU entered into the Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement,
pursuant to which PCCU will continue to provide to SHF certain operational and administrative services relating to, among other things,
human resources, employee benefits, IT and systems, accounting and marketing for a monthly fee equal to 30.96 per account in 2022 and
 25.32 per account in 2023 and 2024. In addition, as it pertains to CRB deposits held at PCCU, investment and interest income earned
on these deposits (excluding interest income on loans funded by PCCU) will be shared 25 to PCCU and 75 to SHF. SHF will also reimburse
PCCU for any of its out-of-pocket expenses relating to the services provided to SHF. The Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement
also sets forth certain agreements of PCCU to limit bonus distributions to its members to 30,000,000 during any 12-month period following
the effective date of the agreement and to allow its ratio of CRB-related deposits to total assets to equal at least 65 unless otherwise
dictated by regulatory, regulator or policy requirements. The Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement has the same term and termination
provisions as the Amended and Restated Account Servicing Agreement, including a provision providing for the termination of the agreement
within 60 days of SHF no longer qualifying as a credit union service organization. On May 23, 2022, SHF and PCCU entered
into the Second Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement, which agreement amended and restated the Amended and Restated Support
Services Agreement to remove the provision providing for the termination of the agreement within 60 days of SHF no longer qualifying
as a credit union service organization, as SHF will cease to qualify as a CUSO following the closing of the Business Combination. 

Loan
Servicing Agreement 

Effective
February 11, 2022, SHF entered into a Loan Servicing Agreement with PCCU. The agreement sets forth the application, underwriting and
approval process for loans from PCCU to CRB customers and the loan servicing and monitoring responsibilities provided by both PCCU and
SHF. PCCU will receive a monthly servicing fee at the annual rate of 0.25 of the then-outstanding principal balance of each loan funded
by PCCU. For the loans that are subject to this agreement, SHF originates the loans and performs all compliance analysis, credit analysis
of the potential borrower, due diligence and underwriting and all administration, including hiring and incurring the costs of all related
personnel or third-party vendors necessary to perform these services. Under the Loan Servicing Agreement, SHF has agreed to indemnify
PCCU from all claims related to default-related loan losses as defined in the Loan Servicing Agreement. The agreement is for an initial
term of three years and will renew for additional one-year terms unless a party provides 120 days notice of non-renewal or there
is a termination for cause, provided that PCCU may not provide notice of non-renewal until 30 months following the signing date. 

Pursuant
to this agreement, the Company reported expenses of 26,088 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 0 for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Operating
leases 

Effective
July 1, 2021, SHF entered into a one-year gross lease with PCCU to lease space in its existing office at a monthly rent of 5,400.
Effective July 1, 2022, the Company amended its existing lease to a month-to-month lease and therefore no asset or liability amounts
are reported pursuant to ASC 842. 

Item
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

SHF
Holdings, Inc. is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information
otherwise required with respect to market risk. 

Item
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Consolidated
Financial Statements Information 

The
consolidated financial statements information required by this item is contained under the section titled Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements (and the consolidated financial statements and related notes referenced therein) included
beginning on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

Item
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

Item
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements in accordance
with GAAP. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our management has identified four (4) material weaknesses, as described
below. Each deficiency was concluded to be a material weakness , which is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or
interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Based on these material weaknesses identified
in the management evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, management has concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. 

Based
upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, solely due to the following Material Weaknesses,
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were not
effective as of December 31, 2022. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

Deferred
Tax Asset: A deferred tax asset was created as a result of the business combination occurring on September 28, 2022. The
deferred tax asset was initially calculated prior to consummation of the business combination using projected amounts. The Company had
failed to update the calculation as of September 30, 2022 using actual amounts from the business combination due to ineffective management
review controls over the income tax provision. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

To
alleviate this material weakness, the Company has implemented a quarterly control to calculate and review the deferred tax asset, evaluate
the necessity for any valuation allowance, and reconcile it to the general ledger. The Company proceeded to collectively perform these
tasks during the fourth quarter of 2022 by retaining a Top 50 CPA firm in the United States to assist in the preparation of the tax provision
and tax compliance work along with management s independent review of the quarterly income tax provision and valuation of deferred
tax assets. 

Going
Concern: As of September 30, 2022, the Company had negative net working capital. The working capital deficit was largely
driven by the current portion of the long-term payable owed to PCCU. In accordance with ASC 205-40, in preparing financial statements
for each annual and interim reporting period, management must evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued.
Substantial doubt was raised at September 30, 2022 and the Company failed to document a going concern analysis to identify the substantial
doubt, evaluate whether the substantial doubt was alleviated by management s plans, and disclose the going concern in the September
30, 2022 10-Q. 

To
alleviate this material weakness, the Company has implemented a quarterly process with enhanced management review controls to perform
and review a going concern analysis and the adequacy of disclosures within the consolidated financial statements, as applicable based
on the results. The Company proceeded to collectively perform these tasks during the fourth quarter of 2022 by continuing to retain a
CPA firm (onboarded during the latter part of the third quarter of 2022) to assist with the preparation of the analysis pursuant to the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern and prepare applicable disclosures. The analysis and disclosures are then assessed
by senior management of the Company performing review of the documentation and disclosures. 

Revenue
Recognition : During fiscal year 2022, the Company s revenue was primarily earned through certain related party contracts
with PCCU that define contractually the revenue earned by the Company from PCCU for account servicing. The Company has identified a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the need to enhance the design and operating effectiveness of internal
controls over the review of revenue recognition from allocations that occurs on a monthly basis between the Company and PCCU. 

To
alleviate this material weakness, the Company will implement a monthly process with enhanced management review controls to perform and
review revenue recognition. The analysis and disclosures are then assessed by senior management of the Company performing review of the
documentation and disclosures. 

Complex
Financial Instruments: During fiscal year 2022, the Company had a material weakness with regard to the ineffectiveness in management
review controls of the accounting and valuation of complex financial instruments (warrants, Forward Purchase Agreement, and stock-based
compensation). 

To
alleviate this material weakness, the Company will implement a quarterly process with enhanced management review controls to perform
and review complex financial instruments. The analysis and disclosures are then assessed by senior management of the Company performing
review of the documentation and disclosures. 

With
the implementation of our remediation plans for each material weakness, we believe, in subsequent periods, these material weaknesses
can be remediated. 

We
plan to continue to assess and improve our internal controls and procedures and to take further action as necessary or appropriate to
address any other matters we identify. See also the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to the Company Business
Following the Business Combination. 

Completion
of remediation does not provide assurance that our remediation or other controls will continue to operate properly. A failure to maintain
effective internal controls over financial reporting could result in errors in its financial statements that could require the Company
to restate past financial statements, cause the Company to fail to meet its reporting obligations and cause investors to lose confidence
in the Company s reported financial information, all of which could materially and adversely affect the Company. 

Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than as noted above in the December 31, 2022 material weaknesses, there was no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, with the exception of the below. 

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2022, the Company identified two of the four material weaknesses above pertaining to going concern and deferred tax
asset accounting. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company changes in internal controls to address remediation of these two
material weaknesses included: 

The
Company has implemented a quarterly process with enhanced management review controls to perform and review a going concern analysis and
the adequacy of disclosures within the consolidated financial statements, as applicable based on the results. The Company proceeded to
collectively perform these tasks during the fourth quarter of 2022 by continuing to retain a CPA firm (onboarded during the latter part
of the third quarter of 2022) to assist with the preparation of the analysis pursuant to the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern and prepare applicable disclosures. The analysis and disclosures are then assessed by senior management of the Company performing
review of the documentation and disclosures. 

The Company has implemented a quarterly control to calculate and review
the deferred tax asset, evaluate the necessity for any valuation allowance, and reconcile it to the general ledger. The Company proceeded
to collectively perform these tasks during the fourth quarter of 2022 by retaining a Top 50 CPA firm in the United States to assist in
the preparation of the tax provision and tax compliance work along with management s independent review of the quarterly income
tax provision and valuation of deferred tax assets. 

Item
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

On
January 10, 2023, the Company entered into executive employment agreements with James H. Dennedy, its Chief Financial Officer, and Donnie
Emmi, its Chief Legal Officer, which memorialized the previously disclosed terms of their employment with the Company. The agreements
are each for terms of two years and provide for annual base salaries of 285,000. The agreements provide for benefits comparable to the
other executive officers of the Company, and for annual bonuses of up to 100 of base salary based on performance criteria established
by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. 

The
agreements provide that if the executive s employment is terminated as a result of the executive s death or disability, or
if terminated by the Company for cause (as defined in the agreements) or by the executive without good reason (as defined in the agreements),
he will be entitled to receive all unpaid base salary through the date of termination, reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses
through the date of termination, and all other accrued and vested payments or benefits payable under the applicable plan or by law (collectively,
the Accrued Benefits ). If the executive s employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by the executive
for good reason, the executive is entitled to receive, upon execution and delivery to the Company of a customary release, the Accrued
Benefits, severance in a lump sum payment equal to one year of base salary at the executive s then-current annual base salary rate,
and Company-paid continued health insurance for one year. 

The
agreements also provide for customary non-solicitation, nondisclosure and non-competition covenants applicable to each executive. 

Item
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

PART
III 

Item
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Certain
information relating to the Executive Officers of the Company appears in Part I of this Form 10-K under the heading Information
about our Executive Officers and is incorporated by reference in this section. 

The
information required under this Item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Proxy Statement under the captions
 Directors and Nominees, Corporate Governance and Delinquent Section 16 (a) Reports, which information
is incorporated by reference herein. 

We
have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees. 

Item
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required under this Item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement under the caption Compensation Committee
Report, Director Compensation, Executive Compensation and Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required under this Item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement under the caption Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Equity Compensation Plan Information, which information is incorporated by reference
herein. 

Item
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required under this Item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement under the caption Certain Relationships
and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required under this Item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement under the caption Ratification of
the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

Item
15. EXHIBITS and FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
List of documents filed as part of this report 

1)
Consolidated Financial Statements and 2) Consolidated Financial Statements Schedules: 

The
consolidated financial statements required by this item are contained under the section entitled Index to Consolidated
Financial Statements (and the Consolidated financial statements and related notes referenced therein) included beginning on
page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

3)
List of Exhibits 

The
exhibit list in the Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference as the list of exhibits required as part of this report. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 2.1

Unit Purchase Agreement dated February 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2022). 
 
 2.2 
 
 First Amendment to Unit Purchase Agreement dated September 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2022). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Unit Purchase Agreement dated September 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2022). 
 
 2.4 
 
 Third Amendment to Unit Purchase Agreement dated September 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 29, 2022). 
 
 2.5 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 31, 2022, by and among SHF Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Merger Sub I, a Delaware corporation, Merger Sub II, a Delaware limited liability corporation, Rockview Digital Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, d/b/a Abaca and Dan Roda, solely in such individual s capacity as the representative of the Company Security Holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 31, 2022). 

2.6 
 
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 15, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 29, 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 29, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated June 23, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated June 23, 2021, among the Company, its officers and directors and 5AK, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2021). 
 
 10.2

Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 23, 2021, by and among the Company and certain securityholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 2, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Forward Purchase Agreement dated June 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 17, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated September 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement dated September 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Non-Competition Agreement dated September 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2022). 

53 

 Table of Contents 

10.8 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 29, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 SHF Holdings, Inc. 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 4, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Forbearance Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2022 by and between SHF Holdings, Inc., Partner Colorado Credit Union and Luminous Capital USA Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 1, 2022). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 15, 2022). 

10.12 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated January 10, 2023, by and between the Company and Donnie Emmi 
 
 10.13 

Executive Employment Agreement, dated January 10, 2023, by and between the Company and James H. Dennedy 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Executive
 Employment Agreement, dated January 10, 2023, by and between the Company and James H. Dennedy 

Furnished. 

Certain
 of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees
 to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

Item
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

54 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SHF
 HOLDINGS INC . 

Date:
 April 14, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Sundie Seefried 

Name:
 
 Sundie
Seefried 

Title: 
 Chief
Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

Date:
 April 14, 2023 
 
 /s/
 James H. Dennedy 

Name: 
 James
H. Dennedy 

Title: 
 Chief
Financial Officer 

(Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Sundie Seefried 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 Sundie
 Seefried 

/s/
 James H. Dennedy 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 James
 H. Dennedy 

/s/ Jonathon
 F. Niehaus 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 Jonathon
 F. Niehaus 

/s/
 John Darwin 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 John
 Darwin 

/s/
 Jennifer Meyers 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 Jennifer
 Meyers 

/s/
 Jonathan Summers 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 Jonathan
 Summers 

/s/ Karl
 Racine 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 Karl
 Racine 

/s/
 Richard Carleton 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 Richard
 Carleton 

55 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

SHF
HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Marcum, LLP (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Elliott Davis, PLLC) (PCAOB ID 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Parent-Entity Net Investment and Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 SHF
Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of SHF Holdings, Inc. and subsidiary (the Company as of December
31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, parent-entity net investment and stockholders equity, and cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America . 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 2, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds
to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
 llp 

Marcum
 llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April
14, 2023 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of SHF Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of SHF Holdings, Inc. (formerly Eagle Legacy Services, PLLC D/B/A Safeharbor
Services and Branches 52 and 53 Carved Out of Partner Colorado Credit Union) (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the
related consolidated statements of operations, parent-entity net investment and stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year
then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor from 2020 to 2021. 

April
 15, 2022 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

SHF
Holdings, Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable trade 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses current portion 

Accrued interest receivable 

Short-term loans receivable, net 

Other Current Assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 

Long-term loans receivable, net 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right to use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax asset 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses long term position 
 
 - 
 
 Forward purchase receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Security deposit 
 
 - 
 
 Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND PARENT-ENTITY NET INVESTMENT AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Lease liabilities current 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred Consideration current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Due to seller - current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liability 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred Consideration long term portion 
 
 - 
 
 Forward purchase derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Due to seller long-term portion 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liabilities long term 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred underwriter fee payable 
 
 - 
 
 Indemnity liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total Liabilities 

Commitment and Contingencies (Note 14) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Parent-Entity Net Investment and Stockholders Equity 

Convertible preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022, and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2021, respectively 
 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022, and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2021, respectively 
 
 - 
 
 Additional paid in capital 
 
 - 
 
 Retained earnings 
 
 - 
 
 Parent-Entity Net Investment 
 - 

Total Parent-Entity Net Investment and Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Parent-Entity Net Investment and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

SHF
Holdings, Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Operating Expenses 

Compensation and employee benefits 

General and administrative expenses 

Professional services 

Rent expense 

Provision for loan losses 

Corporate allocations 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

Operating (loss)/ income 

Other (income) expenses 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of forward purchase option derivative 
 
 - 
 
 Total other (income) expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Net (loss) / income before income tax 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Net (loss)/income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 
 
 - 
 
 Basic net loss per share 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 
 
 - 
 
 Diluted net loss per share 
 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

SHF
Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Parent-Entity Net Investment and Stockholders Equity 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Investment 
 Earnings 
 Equity 

Preferred Stock 
 Class A Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Parent-Entity Net 
 Retained 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Investment 
 Earnings 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Contribution of loan receivable from Parent 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net change due to allocations and distributions to Parent 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Beginning balance value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares in connection with Business Combination and PIPE offering, net of issuance costs 

- 

Acquisition of Abaca 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Conversion of PIPE Shares 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Stock option conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

Ending balance value 

- 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

SHF
Holdings, Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) / income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Stock compensation expense 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Provision for loan loss 

Deferred tax credit 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant and forward purchase option derivative liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Forward purchase receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued interest receivable 

Deferred underwriting payable 
 
 - 
 
 Other current assets 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Contract Liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Security deposit 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 - 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Change in loan receivable, net 

Acquisition of Abaca 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from reverse capitalization, net of transaction costs 
 
 - 
 
 Net change in parent funding, allocations, and distributions to parent 
 - 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of period 

Non-Cash transactions: 

Shares issued for the settlement of abaca acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right of use assets recognized 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities recognized 
 
 - 
 
 Contribution of loan receivable from Parent 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

 Table of Contents 

,
consisting of (i) 
 shares of the Company s Class A common
stock with an aggregate value equal to 
 and (ii) 
 in cash, of which will be paid on
a deferred basis. At the closing, 
 shares of the Class A Common Stock were deposited
with an escrow agent to be held in escrow for a period of 12 months following the closing date to satisfy potential indemnification claims
of the parties. In addition, 
 in cash and cash equivalents representing the
amount of cash on hand at July 31, 2021, less accrued but unpaid liabilities, were also paid to PCCU at the closing. For more information about the Business Combination, refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. As a result of the Business Combination, PCCU is now the Company s largest
stockholder, owning of the Company s outstanding Class A Common Stock. 

The
Business Combination Agreement was amended to provide for the deferral of a portion of the cash due to PCCU at the closing of the Business
Combination. The purpose of this deferral was to provide the Company with additional cash to support its post-closing activities. Furthermore,
PCCU also agreed to defer , representing certain excess cash of SHF due to PCCU under the Business Combination Agreement, and
the reimbursement of certain reimbursable expenses under the Business Combination Agreement. 

On
October 26, 2022, SHF Holdings, Inc., entered into a Forbearance Agreement (the Forbearance Agreement with PCCU and Luminous
Capital USA Inc. Luminous ), an affiliate of the sponsor of NLIT. Under the Forbearance Agreement, PCCU has agreed
to defer all payments owed by the Company pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement for a period of six months from the date of
the Forbearance Agreement while the parties engage in good faith efforts to renegotiate the payment terms of the deferred obligations. 

The
Company generates both interest income and fee income through providing a variety of services to financial institutions desiring to service
the cannabis industry including, among other things, Bank Secrecy Act and other regulatory compliance and reporting, onboarding, responding
to account inquiries, responding to customer service inquiries relating to CRB depository accounts held at PCCU, and sourcing and managing
loans. In addition to PCCU, the Company provides these similar services and outsourced support to other financial institutions providing
banking to the cannabis industry. These services are provided to other financial institutions under the Safe Harbor Master Program Agreement. 

 On March
29, 2023, the Company and PCCU entered into a definitive transaction (Refer to Note 22, Subsequent Events, of the consolidated
financial statements) to settle and restructure the deferred obligations, including into a five-year Senior Secured Promissory
Note (the Note in the principal amount of bearing interest at the rate of ; a Security Agreement pursuant
to which the Company will grant, as collateral for the Note, a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of
the Company; and a Securities Issuance Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will issue shares of the Company s Class
A Common Stock to PCCU. 

On
October 31, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Abaca Merger Agreement by and among the
Company, SHF Merger Sub I, a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub I ), SHF
Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub II 
and, together with Merger Sub I, the Merger Subs ), Rockview Digital Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, d/b/a Abaca Abaca and Dan Roda, solely in such individual s capacity as the representative of the security holders of Abaca
(the Abaca Stockholders Representative ). On November 11, 2022, the parties to the Abaca Merger Agreement entered
into an amendment to the Abaca Merger Agreement to modify the number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock to be issued
as consideration thereunder. On November 15, 2022, the parties consummated the transactions contemplated by the Abaca Merger Agreement,
as amended. Pursuant to the Abaca Merger Agreement, as amended, (a) Merger Sub I merged with and into Abaca, with Abaca surviving as
a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger I and (b) immediately following the effective time of the Merger
I, Abaca merged with and into Merger Sub II Merger II and, collectively with Merger I, the Mergers ), with
Merger Sub II surviving Merger II as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Pursuant
to the Abaca Merger Agreement, as amended, the Company acquired Abaca in exchange for , paid in a combination of cash and
shares of the Company as follows: (a) cash consideration in an amount equal to (i) was payable at the closing
of the Mergers (the Merger Closing ), with an additional payable at each of the one-year and two-year anniversaries
of the Merger Closing), (collectively, the Cash Consideration and (b) shares of Class A Common Stock at the
Closing Date and (minus an outstanding note balance of , plus accrued interest) in shares of Class A Common Stock
at the one-year anniversary of the Merger Closing based on a 10-day VWAP (collectively, the Share Consideration ). Each
of the Company, the Merger Subs, and Abaca provided customary representations, warranties and covenants in the Agreement. 

in cash and net working capital of ),
as compared to 
in cash and net working capital of 
at December 31, 2021. Included in the working capital deficit at December 31, 2022 is current portion of the long-term payable
owed to the seller, PCCU, from the aforementioned business combination, and deferred consideration current portion related to the Abaca acquisition. The Company has also incurred
a significant cumulative consolidated operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Based
upon these factors, management of the Company has determined that there is a risk of substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from the date these consolidated financial statements have
been issued. 

Management
mitigated the going concern risk by renegotiating its
aforementioned payable with PCCU (refer to the Subsequent Events disclosure within Note 22 of the consolidated
financial statements herein), thus reducing the working capital deficit and certain other liabilities. The Company also hired an
experienced Chief Financial Officer in October 2022, who has immediately begun to institute certain cost-cutting measures across the
Company, including expense reduction measures and negotiating reduced amounts and extended terms for certain payables. These
factors, however, do not fully remove substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern that
has been identified. If the Company is not able to sustain its present level of operations, it may be forced to make reductions in
spending, extend payment terms with suppliers, liquidate assets where possible, or suspend or curtail planned expansion programs.
Any of these actions could materially harm the Company s business, results of operations and future prospects. 

The
accompanying audited consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which
contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business, and do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or amounts and classification of liabilities
that may result should the Company not continue as a going concern as a result of this uncertainty. 

of the total loan balance. The Company
also indemnified 5 loans as of December 31, 2022; 3 of these indemnified loans were in excess of of the total balance. 

and 
of the Accounts Receivable, respectively is due from PCCU. Effective January 2021 through June 2021, PCCU elected to transfer
account servicing from SHS to the Branches. In accordance with this change, a policy was adopted wherein substantially all cash was
collected by PCCU and retained by PCCU outside of the Branches and SHS. This policy was eliminated in conjunction with the July 2021
reorganization and execution of the Account Servicing Agreement and Support Servicing Agreement discussed at Note 9 to the
consolidated financial statements. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses as a result of a
customers inability to make required payments. The Company estimates anticipated losses from doubtful accounts based on days
past due as measured from the contractual due date and historical collection history. The Company also takes into consideration
changes in economic conditions that may not be reflected in historical trends, for example customers in bankruptcy, liquidation or
reorganization. Receivables are written-off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when they are determined uncollectible. Such
determination includes analysis and consideration of the particular conditions of the account, including time intervals since last
collection, customer performance against agreed upon payment plans, solvency of customer and any bankruptcy proceedings. 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were recorded allowances for doubtful accounts on accounts receivables. 

of the outstanding principal balance, funds certain loans. Under the Loan Servicing Agreement, SHF has agreed to indemnify PCCU from
all claims related to SHF s cannabis-related business, including but not limited to default-related loan losses as defined in
the Loan Servicing Agreement. The indemnification component of the Loan Servicing Agreement (refer to Note 9 to the consolidated
financial statements) is accounted for in accordance with accounting standards codification ASC 450-20 Loss
Contingencies . In determining the applicability of ASC 450-20, we considered that the agreement outlines a broad indemnification
of all claims related to the cannabis-related business. The most immediate and potentially significant of these are potential
default-related loan losses. In the lending industry, it is inherently anticipated future loan losses will result from currently
issued debt. SHF s indemnity obligation is subordinate to PCCU s and other financial institution clients other
means of collecting on the loans including foreclosure of the collateral, recourse against personal and/or corporate guarantors and
other default remedies available in the loan agreements. Since borrowers are not party to the agreement between SHF and PCCU, any
indemnity payments do not relieve borrowers of their obligation to PCCU nor would such payments preclude PCCU s right to
future recoveries from the debtor. Therefore, as defined in ASC 450-20, the indemnification clause represents a general loss
contingency in that it is an existing condition, situation or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible loss to the
Company that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. SHF s indemnity liability
reflects SHF management s estimate of probable loan losses inherent under the agreement at the balance sheet date. Management
uses a disciplined process and methodology to establish the liability, and the estimates are sensitive to risk ratings assigned to
individual loans covered by the agreement as well as economic assumptions driving the estimation model. Individual loan risk ratings
are evaluated quarterly by SHF management based on each situation. 

In
addition to default-related loan losses, SHF continuously monitors all other circumstances pursuant to the agreement and identifies events
that may necessitate a loss contingency under the Loan Servicing Agreement. A loss contingency is reported when it is both probable that
a future event will confirm that a loss had been incurred on or before the related balance sheet date and the loss is reasonably estimable. 

- years for equipment and furniture and fixtures. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 

Management
periodically assesses the estimated useful life over which assets are depreciated or amortized. If the analysis warrants a change in
the estimated useful life of property and equipment, management will reduce the estimated useful life and depreciate or amortize the
carrying value prospectively over the shorter remaining useful life. 

The
carrying amounts of assets sold or retired and the related accumulated depreciation are eliminated in the period of disposal and the
resulting gains and losses are included in the results of operations during the same period. 

We
capitalize certain costs related to software developed for internal-use, primarily associated with the ongoing development and enhancement
of our technology platform. Costs incurred in the preliminary development and post-development stages are expensed. These costs are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the related asset, generally five years. 

impairments for the years ended December 31,
2022, and 2021. 

for the purpose of stock compensation . The risk-free interest rates are based on quoted U.S. Treasury rates for securities with
maturities approximating the awards expected lives. The expected term of the options granted is calculated based on the
simplified method by taking average of contractual term and vesting period the awards. The expected dividend yield is zero as the
Company has never paid dividends and does not currently anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company reported contract assets and contract liabilities of and , respectively, from contracts
with customers. As of December 31, 2021, the Company reported a contract asset and liability of and , respectively. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue related to the contract liability outstanding at December 31,
2021. 

and , respectively. 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.
The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily due to the
aforementioned tax exemption available to PCCU. 

ASC
Topic 740 also prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits, if any, as income tax expense. There were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

of Founder Class B Stock converted at the closing to an equal number of shares of Class A stock. 

Upon
 closing of the Business Combination, shares of Class A Stock were issued to the seller as set forth in and pursuant to
 the terms of the Purchase Agreement. 

The
seller was due to receive a cash payment of million at the consummation of the Business Combination, which represented the amount
of SHF s cash on hand at July 31, 2021, less accrued but unpaid liabilities. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the purchase
agreement, the Company is responsible for reimbursing the seller for its transaction expenses. 

Offering
 costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred that were directly related to the business combination
 was approximately million. 

Approximately
 million of the million of cash proceeds due to PCCU was deferred and is due to the seller. Approximately million
 of the amount was due to PCCU beginning December 15, 2022. The residual million is due in six quarterly instalments of 
 million thereafter. Interest accrues at an effective annual rate of approximately . A sum of founder shares were escrowed
 until the amount is paid in full. 

The
 Parent-Entity Net Investment appearing in the balance sheet of SHF amounting to on the date of business combination was
 transferred to additional paid in capital. 

Immediately
 prior to the Closing, shares of Series A Convertible Preferred were purchased by the PIPE Investors pursuant to the PIPE Securities
 Purchase Agreements for an aggregate value of . The shares of Series A Convertible Preferred were converted into 
 shares of Class A Stock at a purchase price of per share of Class A Stock. Twenty (20) percent of the aggregate value was
 deposited into a third party escrow account for purposes of paying the PIPE Investors any required Registration Delay Payments. Upon
 the filing of registration statement 10 calendar days subsequent to closing, 17.5 of the escrow amount was released with the remaining
 amount once all securities are included in an effective registration statement. 

For
 tax purposes, the transaction is treated as a taxable asset acquisition, resulting in an estimated tax basis Goodwill balance of
 , creating a deferred tax asset reported as Additional Paid-in Capital in the equity section of the balance sheet as of
 the date of the business combination. There is not any goodwill for book reporting purposes as no goodwill or other intangible assets
 are to be recorded in accordance with GAAP. 

Preferred
 Stock: The Company is authorized to issue 
 preferred shares with a par value of 
 per share with such designation rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of
 Directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were 
 preferred shares issued or outstanding and 
 preferred shares outstanding on December 31, 2021. The holders preferred stock shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay, dividends on shares of preferred
stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Class-A-Common-Stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the
Class A Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Class A Common Stock. No other dividends shall be paid on
the preferred stock. The terms of the preferred stock provide for an initial conversion price of per share of Class A Common Stock,
which conversion price is subject to downward adjustment on each of the dates that are 10 days, 55 days, 100 days, 145 days and 190 days
after the effectiveness of a registration statement registering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the preferred
stock to the lower of the Conversion Price and the greater of (i) . Additionally, on January 25, 2023,
at a special meeting of the Company s stockholders the reduction in the floor conversion price of the outstanding preferred stock
from per share to per share. The approval was obtained to comply with the Nasdaq listing rules requiring stockholder
approval for issuances of voting stock exceeding of the voting stock outstanding at the time of the vote. 

Class
 A Common Stock: The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Class A Common Stock with a par value of per
 share. Holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022, and
 December 31, 2021, there were and shares, respectively, of Class A Common Stock issued or outstanding. As of December
 31, 2022, Class A Common Stock are held by the purchasers under forward purchase agreement dated June 16, 2022, by and
 among the Company and such purchasers. 

The
 fair value of net assets on September 28,2022 in the books of NLIT are as follows: 

Prepaid Expense 

Cash held in Trust 

Deferred offering cost 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Expense 

Advance from sponsor 

Deferred underwriter payable 

Forward purchase derivative 

Warrant Liability 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

Fair value of net assets acquired 

The
 following table summarizes the total fair value of consideration: 

shares 

Cash consideration 

Deferred cash consideration 

Total fair value of consideration 

Parent-Entity
 Net Investment: Parent-Entity Net Investment balance in the consolidated balance sheets represents PCCU s historical net investment
 in the Carved-Out Operations. For purposes of these consolidated financial statements, investing requirements have been summarized as
 Parent-Entity Net Investment and represent equity as no cash settlement with PCCU is required. No separate equity accounts
 are maintained for SHS, SHF or the Branches. 

control of Rockview Digital Solutions Inc. d/b/a/ ABACA (collectively Abaca ). This acquisition was completed
in exchange for a combination of cash and the Company s shares. As part of the acquisition, the Company s Notes of 
along with interest accrued until the date of acquisition were redeemed. 

The
acquisition increases the Company s customer base to include more than 1,000 unique depository accounts across 40 states and U.S.
territories; adds Abaca s fintech platform to the Company s existing technology; increases the Company s financial
institution client relationships and access to balance sheet capacity to five unique financial institutions strategically located across
the United States; increases the Company s lending capacity; and nearly doubles the Company s team, adding to the existing
talent pool of the cannabis industry s foremost financial services and financial technology experts. 

Pursuant
to the Abaca merger agreement, as amended, the Company acquired Abaca in exchange for , paid in a combination of cash and
shares of the Company as follows: 

(a) 
 was payable at the closing of the Mergers (the Merger Closing ),
 with an additional payable at each of the one-year and two-year anniversaries of the Merger Closing), (collectively, the
 Deferred Cash Consideration and 

(b) 
 shares or (2) a number of shares equal to (i) 8,400,000, divided by (ii) the Closing
 Parent Trading Price and (minus an outstanding note balance of , plus accrued interest) in shares of Class A
 Common Stock at the one-year anniversary of the Merger Closing based on a 10-day VWAP (collectively, the Future stock consideration ). 

The
Company measures the deferred cash consideration and future stock consideration at fair value on the acquisition date based on report
received from independent valuation firm. 

Software 

Cash cash equivalents 

Prepaid expense 

Security deposit 

Accounts receivables 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Expense 

Fair value of net assets acquired 

Other intangibles 

Goodwill 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total purchase consideration 

Deferred cash payment 

Share issued common stock shares) 

Settlement of pre-existing notes along with accrued interest 

Future consideration settled in common stock 

Fair value of consideration 

At
the date of acquisition, management allocated the initial purchase price based on the estimated fair value of the identifiable assets
and liabilities assumed on the acquisition date. The pre-existing relationships settled were the Company s notes and related accrued
interest with Abaca. Subsequently, the Company finalized the purchase price allocation and has adjusted the provisional values retrospectively
to reflect changes to the assets and liabilities at the acquisition date. For the fair value of the identifiable intangible assets acquired,
the Company used an income-based approach, which involves estimating the future net cash flows and applies an appropriate discount rate
to those future cash flows. 

The
following table summarizes the final adjustments made to the provisional purchase price allocation. 

Intangible
assets are recorded at estimated fair value, as determined by management based on available information which includes a valuation prepared
by an independent third party. The fair values assigned to identifiable intangible assets were determined through the use of the income
approach and multi-period excess earnings methods. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated identifiable intangible asset
values included management s estimates of future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate rate of return which is based on the
weighted average cost of capital for both the company and other market participants. The useful lives for intangible assets were determined
based upon the remaining useful economic lives of the intangible assets that are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future
cash flows. The estimated fair value of intangible assets and related useful lives as included in the purchase price allocation include: 

Customer relationships 

Developed technology 

Fair value of consideration 

Goodwill
has been recognized as a result of the specialized assembled workforce at Abaca. Sales revenues of and net losses before tax
of from the acquired operations are included in the consolidated statement of operations from the date of acquisition
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Had
the acquisition of Abaca occurred on January 1, 2022, there would not have been a significant impact on the consolidated operating sales
revenues and net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022. Acquisition costs of were incurred and recognized in acquisition
related costs in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Unaudited
Supplemental Pro Forma Information 

Net Income (Loss) 

impairment charges have been taken against the company s goodwill. The carrying amount
of goodwill arose from the acquisition described in Note 4, Acquisition. 

December 31, 2022 

The
Company has elected November 15 as the date for annual impairment testing or as necessary for triggering events. No impairment was recognized
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

- 

Customer relationships 
 
 - 

Developed technology 
 
 - 

Total intangible assets 

10,800,000 
 178,913 
 10,621,087 

Less: loan origination charges 
 
 - 
 
 Commercial real estate loans receivable, net 

Allowance for loan losses 

Commercial real estate loans receivable, net 

Current portion 

Noncurrent portion 

Allowance
for Loan Losses 

The
allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level believed to be sufficient to provide for estimated loan losses based on evaluating
known and inherent risks in the loan portfolio. The allowance is provided based upon management s analysis of the pertinent factors
underlying the quality of the loan portfolio. These factors include changes in the amount and composition of the loan portfolio, delinquency
levels, actual loss experience, current economic conditions, and detailed analysis of individual loans for which the full collectability
may not be assured. The detailed analysis includes methods to estimate the fair value of loan collateral and the existence of potential
alternative sources of repayment. 

The
allowance may consist of specific and general components. While the allowance may consist of general and specific components, the allowance
is general in nature and is available for the loan portfolio in its entirety. 

Charge-offs 
 - 
 - 
 
 Recoveries 
 - 
 - 
 
 Provision 

Ending balance 

Loans receivable: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 
 - 
 - 
 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 
 - 
 - 
 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, no loans were past due, classified as non-accrual or considered impaired. 

Credit
quality of loans: 

As
part of the on-going monitoring of the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio, management tracks credit quality indicators
based on the loan payment status on monthly basis. All the loans outstanding on December 31,2022 are evaluated based on their payment
status, which is considered as the most meaningful indicator of credit quality. 

Unsecured loans and lines of credit 

Total loans funded by Parent 

All
amounts were performing at December 31, 2022. (Refer to Note 22, Subsequent Events, below for loan information subsequent
to December 31, 2022.) Secured loans contained an interest rate ranging from to . . Unsecured lines of credit had incremental availability of and
 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

SHF
has agreed to indemnify PCCU for losses on certain PCCU loans. The indemnity liability reflects SHF management s estimate of probable loan
losses inherent under the agreement at the balance sheet date. Management uses a disciplined process and methodology to establish the
liability, and the estimates are sensitive to risk ratings assigned to individual loans covered by the agreement as well as economic
assumptions driving the estimation model. Individual loan risk ratings are evaluated at least a quarterly based on each situation by
SHF management. Given the Company s limited lending history, the estimate is based on risk adjusted national charge off rates as
published by the US Federal Reserve. 

Ending balance 

All
loans were current and considered performing at December 31, 2022. One loan was identified pursuant to potential default on January 5,
2023. (Refer to Note 22, Subsequent Events, below.) 

Credit
quality of indemnified loans: 

As
part of the on-going monitoring of the credit quality of the Company s indemnified loan portfolio, management tracks credit quality
indicators based on the loan payment status on monthly basis. All the indemnified loans outstanding on December 31,2022 are evaluated
based on their payment status, which is considered as the most meaningful indicator of credit quality. 

SHF
has agreed to indemnify PCCU from all claims related to SHF s cannabis-related business. Other than potential loan losses, no other
circumstances were identified meeting the requirements of a loss contingency. 

- 

Software 
 
 - 
 
 Improvement 
 
 - 
 
 Office furniture 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense was and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period July 1, 2021 to December
31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and of the Accounts Receivable, respectively is due from PCCU. 

Corporate
allocations 

Corporate
allocations in 2021 include overhead expenses such as information technology, customer support, marketing, executive compensation and
other general and administrative expenses that are attributed to the Branches proportionately based on the relative size of the specific
identifiable customer deposits to the consolidated Parent. 

Support
Services Agreement 

Effective
July 1, 2021, SHF entered into a Support Services Agreement with PCCU. In connection with PCCU hosting the depository accounts and the
related loans and providing certain infrastructure support, PCCU receives (and SHF pays) a monthly fee per depository account. In addition,
 of any investment income associated with CRB deposits is paid to PCCU. The respective duties and obligations as per the agreement
commenced on the effective date and continue unless terminated by either SHF or PCCU upon giving sixty days prior written notice. The
agreement was amended and restated in conjunction with the contemplated Business Combination with substantially similar terms. 

Pursuant
to these agreements and as amended and restated, the Company reported expenses of 
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Furthermore, the outstanding amount payable to PCCU included in Accounts payable in the consolidated balance sheet is 
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Significant
terms of the Amended and Restated Accounting Servicing Agreement and Support Services Agreement are as follows: 

Pursuant to the Account Servicing Agreement, the Company s fees for such services will equal all cannabis-related income, including
all lending-related income (such as loan origination fees, interest income on CRB-related loans, participation fees and servicing fees),
investment income, interest income, account activity fees, processing fees, flat fees, and other revenue generated from cannabis and multi-state
hemp accounts that are hosted on PCCU s core system. The Account Servicing Agreement and Support Services Agreement are for an initial
term of three years and will renew for additional one-year terms unless a party provides 120 days notice of non-renewal, provided
that PCCU may not provide notice of non-renewal until 30 months following the signing date. The Account Servicing Agreement will also
terminate within 60 days of the Company no longer qualifying as a credit union service organization (a CUSO or within 60 days of the assumption by a third party of all CRB-related accounts. On May 23, 2022, the Company and PCCU entered into the
Second Amended and Restated Account Servicing Agreement and Support Services Agreement, which agreement amended and restated the Amended
and Restated Account Servicing and Support Services Agreements to remove the provision providing for the termination of the agreements
within 60 days of the Company no longer qualifying as a credit union service organization, as the Company will cease to
qualify as a CUSO following the closing of the Business Combination. 

Pursuant
 to the Support Services Agreement, as amended, PCCU will continue to provide to the Company certain operational and administrative
 services relating to, among other things, human resources, employee benefits, IT and systems, accounting and marketing and capacity
 for CRB depository accounts for a monthly fee equal to 
 per account in 2022 and 
 per account in 2023 and 2024. . The
 Amended and Restated Support Services Agreement also sets forth certain agreements of PCCU to limit bonus distributions to its
 members to 
 during any 12-month period following the effective date of the agreement. Finally, under the Support Services Agreement PCCU will
 continue to allow its ratio of CRB-related deposits to total assets up to 65 unless otherwise dictated by regulatory, regulator or
 policy requirements. The below schedule demonstrates unaudited PCCU s deposit capacity at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
 2021. 

Capacity at 65 

CRB related deposits 

Incremental capacity 

PCCU
policy also requires they maintain an internal ratio of net worth to total assets of at least . CRB related deposit capacity maybe
limited if PCCU ratio declines below this threshold. 

Loan
Servicing Agreement 

Effective
February 11, 2022, SHF entered into a Loan Servicing Agreement with PCCU. The agreement sets forth the application, underwriting and
approval process for loans from PCCU to CRB customers and the loan servicing and monitoring responsibilities provided by both PCCU and
SHF. PCCU will receive a monthly servicing fee at the annual rate of of the then-outstanding principal balance of each loan funded
by PCCU. For the loans that are subject to this agreement, SHF originates the loans and performs all compliance analysis, credit analysis
of the potential borrower, due diligence and underwriting and all administration, including hiring and incurring the costs of all related
personnel or third-party vendors necessary to perform these services. Under the Loan Servicing Agreement, SHF has agreed to indemnify
PCCU from all claims related to default-related loan losses as defined in the Loan Servicing Agreement. The agreement is for an initial
term of three years and will renew for additional one-year terms unless a party provides 120 days notice of non-renewal or there
is a termination for cause, provided that PCCU may not provide notice of non-renewal until 30 months following the signing date. The
agreement was amended and restated in conjunction with the contemplated Business Combination with substantially similar terms. 

SHF s
loan program currently depends on PCCU as SHF s largest funding source for new loans to CRBs. Under PCCU s loan policy for
loans to CRBs, PCCU s Board of Directors has approved aggregate lending limits at the lessor of 1.3125 times PCCU s net worth
or of total CRB deposits. Concentration limits for the deployment of loans are further categorized as i) real estate secured, ii)
construction, iii) unsecured and iv) mixed collateral with each category limited to a percentage of PCCU s net worth. In addition,
loans to any one borrower or group of associated borrowers are limited by applicable . 

The
below schedule demonstrates the ratio of CRB related loans funded by PCCU to the relative lending limits at December 31, 2022. No amounts
were funded prior to January 1, 2022. 

Capacity at 65 

PCCU net worth 

Capacity at 1.3125 

Limiting capacity 

PCCU loans funded 
 
 - 
 
 Amounts available under lines of credit 

Incremental capacity 

Pursuant
to this agreement, the Company reported expenses of for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Collectively
the Account Servicing Agreement, Support Servicing Agreement and Loan Servicing Agreement are referred to as the Parent Agreements. 

Operating
leases 

Effective
July 1, 2021, SHF entered into a one-year gross lease with PCCU to lease space in its existing office at a monthly rent of . Effective
July 1, 2022, the Company amended its existing lease to a month-to-month lease and therefore no asset or liability amounts are reported
pursuant to ASC 842. 

Advance
from Sponsor 

On
June 27, 2022, Luminous Capital Inc., an affiliate of the Sponsor has provided a non-interest-bearing advance (the Advance amounting to to fund the operation of NLIT. The outstanding amount is appearing under the head accounts payable 
in the consolidated balance sheet. 

Due to Seller-Non-Current (Unsecured) 

As
contemplated by the Unit Purchase Agreement, related to reverse acquisition of NLIT, the consideration paid to the seller parent (PCCU)
in connection with the Business Combination consisted of an aggregate of , consisting of (i) shares of the Company s
Class A Common Stock with an aggregate value equal to and (ii) in cash, of which will be paid on
a deferred basis (the Deferred Cash Consideration ). 

The
Deferred Cash Consideration was to be paid in one payment of on or before December 15, 2022, and the balance
in six equal installments of , payable beginning on the first business day following April 1,2023 and on the first business
day of each of the following five fiscal quarters, for a total of . 

On
October 26, 2022, SHF Holdings, Inc., entered into a Forbearance Agreement (the Forbearance Agreement with PCCU and Luminous
Capital USA Inc. Luminous ). As per the terms of the agreement, PCCU has agreed to defer all payments owed by the Company
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for a period of six (6) months from the date hereof while the Parties engage in good faith efforts
to renegotiate the payment terms applicable to the Deferred Obligation (the Forbearance Period ). 

October 1, 2023 

January 1, 2024 

April 1, 2024 

July 1, 2024 

October 1, 2024 

January 1, 2025 

Grand total 

On March
29, 2023, the Company and PCCU entered into a definitive transaction (Refer to Note 22, Subsequent Events, of the consolidated
financial statements) to settle and restructure the deferred obligations, including into a five-year Senior Secured Promissory
Note (the Note in the principal amount of bearing interest at the rate of ; a Security Agreement pursuant
to which the Company will grant, as collateral for the Note, a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of
the Company; and a Securities Issuance Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will issue shares of the Company s Class
A Common Stock to PCCU. 

years and may include options
to extend the leases for up to . The extension terms are not recognized as part of the right-of-use assets. The Company has
elected not to capitalize leases with terms equal to, or less than, one year. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, net assets recorded under
operating leases were on and 0 , respectively, and net lease liabilities were and 0 , respectively. 

The
Company analyses contracts above certain thresholds to identify leases and lease components. Lease and non-lease components are not separated
for facility space leases. The Company uses its contractual borrowing rate to determine lease discount rates when an implicit rate is
not available. Total lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, included in Consolidated Statements of Operations, is
detailed in the table below: 

- 
 
 Total Lease Cost 
 
 - 

ROU assets that are related to lease properties are presented as follows: 

Beginning balance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additions to right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization charge for the year 
 
 - 
 
 Lease modifications 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ending balance 
 
 - 

Further information related to leases is as follows: 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 Years 
 - 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 - 

Future minimum lease payments as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Year 

2023 
 
 - 
 
 2024 
 
 - 
 
 2025 
 
 - 
 
 2026 
 
 - 
 
 2027 
 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 - 
 
 Total future minimum lease payments 
 
 - 
 
 Less: Imputed interest 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Less: Current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Non-current portion of lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Safe Harbor Program income 

Investment income 

Loan interest income 

Miscellaneous fee income 
 - 

Total Revenue 

Account
fee income consists of deposit account fees, activity fees and onboarding income, which are recognized on periodic basis as per the fee
schedule pursuant to deposit servicing agreement with PCCU. Safe Harbor Program income consists of
o utsourced support to other financial institutions providing banking to the cannabis industry whose
income is recognized on the basis of usage as per the agreements. Investment income consist of interest earned on deposits with the Federal
Reserve Bank pursuant to an investment servicing agreement with PCCU. Loan interest income consist of interest earned on both direct and
indemnified loans pursuant to a loan servicing agreement with PCCU. 

Advance to other 

Total 

,
 which can be drawn in the case of following events: 

The
 Company continues to be in default, after 10 days written notice, in the payment of any sums due to AFCO under a premium finance
 agreement dated on or about October 20, 2022, or 

A
 case concerning the Company has been filed under title 11 of the United States Code and that, not more than 95 days before that case
 commenced, AFCO received loan payments amounting to not less than (total of payments received in the 95-day period prior to filing
 of the bankruptcy case), and AFCO is drawing an amount equal to the stated sum of the loan payments so received. 

The
 Company is involved in, or has been involved in, arbitrations or various other legal proceedings that arise from the normal course
 of its business. The ultimate outcome of any litigation is uncertain, and either unfavorable or favorable outcomes could have a material
 impact on the Company s results of operations, balance sheets and cash flows due to defense costs, and divert management resources.
 The Company cannot predict the timing or outcome of these claims and other proceedings. 

In
 connection with the Company s initial public offering IPO ), the Company entered into a registration rights agreement
 dated June 23, 2021 with the Sponsor and the individuals serving as directors and executive officers of the Company at the time of
 the IPO. Pursuant to this registration rights agreement, the Company has agreed to register for resale upon the expiration of the
 applicable lock-up period the Company securities acquired by the Sponsor and such individuals in connection with the organization
 of the Company and the IPO. 

For
 a period beginning on June 28, 2021 and ending 12 months from the closing of a the Business Combination, the Company has granted
 the underwriters a right of first refusal to act as lead-left book running manager and lead left manager for any and all future private
 or public equity, convertible and debt offerings during such period. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(E)(i), such right of
 first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of our Registration Statement. 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic 

Basic net earnings per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 

Diluted net earnings (loss) per share 

Weighted average shares calculation 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Company public shares 

Company initial stockholders 

PCCU stockholders 

Shares issued for Abaca acquisition 

Conversion of Preferred stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Certain
share-based equity awards and conversion of preferred shares were excluded from the computation of dilutive loss per share because
inclusion of these awards would have had an anti-dilutive effect. The following table reflects the awards excluded. 

Share based payments 

Shares to be issued to Abaca acquisition 

Conversion of Preferred stock 

Total 

The
holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay, dividends on shares of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Class-A-Common-Stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends actually
paid on shares of the Class A Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Class A Common Stock. No other dividends
shall be paid on shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

In
the 2021, SHF was a single member limited liability company with no shareholders hence the disclosure related to earning per share is
not applicable. 

shares of the shares of Class A Stock to be purchased under the Forward
Purchase Agreement to each of Verdun and Vellar. As contemplated by the Forward Purchase Agreement: 

Prior
 to the closing, Midtown East, Verdun and Vellar purchased approximately million shares of NLIT Class A common stock directly
 from investors at market price in the public market. Midtown East and other counter parties waived their redemption rights with respect
 to the acquired shares; 

One
 business day following the closing, NLIT paid approximately million from the cash held in its trust account to Midtown East;
 Verdun and Vellar for the shares purchased and approximately million in related expense amounts. 

million shares less (y) the number of Terminated Shares and (ii) 2.00 (the Maturity Cash Consideration and (b) in the case of shares, (i) the Maturity Cash Consideration divided by (ii) the VWAP Price for the 30 Scheduled Trading Days
 prior to the Maturity Date. 

At
 any time prior to the Maturity Date (defined as the earlier of i) the third anniversary of the Closing of the Business Combination,
 ii) the shares are delisted from The Nasdaq Stock Market or (iii) during any 30 consecutive Scheduled Trading Day-period following
 the closing of the Business Combination, the Volume Weighted Average Share Price (VWAP) Price for 20 Scheduled Trading Days during
 such period shall be less than per share), Midtown East, Verdun and Vellar may elect an optional early termination to sell
 some or all of the shares (the Terminated Shares of Class A Stock in the open market. If Midtown East, Verdun and
 Vellar sell any shares prior to the Maturity Date, the pro-rata portion of the Reset Price will be released from the escrow account
 and paid to SHF. Midtown East, Verdun and Vellar shall retain any proceeds in excess of the Reset Price that is paid to SHF. 

The trading value of the common stock combined with preferred
shareholders electing to convert their preferred shares to common stock triggered a lower reset price embedded in the forward purchase
agreement, or FPA. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had already called a special meeting to lower the make-whole price under the
preferred share purchase agreement to /share.
The Company, majority common shareholders and the preferred investors had entered into a voting agreement whereby the vote to approve
the /share
make-whole price was secured. Knowing the Company would ultimately be issuing shares to the preferred stockholders with a make whole
issuance at /share
compelled the company to recognize a reset price under the terms of the FPA of /share. 

The reconciliation statement of the common stock held by the parties are as follows: 

2 
 Midtown East 

3 
 Verdun 

Grand total 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants; there are warrants as of December
31, 2021. 

The Public and Private
Placement Warrants may only be exercised for a whole
number of shares. 

. 

No
warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws
of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 

Redemption
of warrants become exercisable when the price per Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable,
the Company may redeem the warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A Common Stock and equity-linked
 securities) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing no earlier than the date the warrants become exercisable
 and ending on the third business day before the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption rights; this is also the case if the
Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If
the Company calls the warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Warrants
to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend,
or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A Common
Stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window and the Company liquidates the funds held in the
Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire
worthless. 

The
private placement warrants are identical to the public warrants, except that the private placement warrants and the Class A Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants were not transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the private placement warrants are exercisable on a cashless
basis and non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the private placement
warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be
redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the public warrants. 

PIPE
Warrants 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has PIPE Warrants; there are PIPE warrants as of December 31, 2021. 

The
PIPE Warrants have an exercise price of per share of Class A Common Stock to be paid in cash (except if the shares underlying
the warrants are not covered by an effective registration statement after the six-month anniversary of the closing date, in which case
cashless exercise is permitted), subject to adjustment to a price equal to the greater of The PIPE Warrants are also subject to adjustment for other customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock
splits and similar corporate actions. The PIPE Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years following the Closing, or September
28, 2027. After exercise of a PIPE Warrant, the Company may be required to pay certain penalties if it fails to deliver the Class A Common
Stock within a specified period of time. 

Assets
and Liabilities Reported at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

Public
Warrants: 

Public
warrants are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company obtains dealer quotes, of Level 1 inputs, based on observable data
to value these warrants. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

Private
Placement Warrants are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company value these derivatives based on third party reports
for Level 3 inputs. Level 3 inputs, based on observable data to value these derivatives. 

PIPE
Warrants 

PIPE
Warrants are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company value these derivatives based on third party reports for Level
3 inputs. Level 3 inputs, based on observable data to value these derivatives. 

Forward
purchase option derivatives: 

Forward
purchase option derivatives are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company values these derivatives based on third party
reports for Level 3 inputs. Level 3 inputs, based on observable data to value these derivatives. 

- 
 
 Private placement warrants 
 
 - 

PIPE Warrants 
 
 - 

Forward purchase option derivative 
 
 - 

Assets
Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

There
were assets or liabilities recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis for the periods ended December 31, 2022, and December 31,
2021. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company uses various methodologies and assumptions to estimate the fair value of certain financial instruments. With the exceptions of
loans receivable, warrants and forward purchase option derivatives, the Company considers the carrying amounts of its financial instruments
(cash, accounts receivable and accounts payable) in the balance sheet to approximate fair value because of the short-term or highly liquid
nature of these financial instruments. 

- 
 - 
 
 Forward purchase receivables 

- 
 
 Loans 

- 
 - 

Liabilities 

Deferred consideration 

- 
 - 
 
 Due to seller - current portion 

- 
 - 
 
 Due to seller - long term position 

- 
 - 
 
 Deferred underwriter fee payable 

- 
 - 
 
 Indemnity liability 

- 
 - 
 
 Public warrants 

- 
 - 
 
 Private placement warrants 

- 
 - 

PIPE Warrants 

- 
 - 

Forward purchase derivative 

- 
 - 

As on December 31, 2021 

Carrying amount 
 Fair value 
 Fair value measurement using 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

- 
 - 
 
 Loans 

- 
 - 

Fair value adjustment 

Balance at the end of the period 

The private placement
warrants and PIPE warrants are measured at fair value using a Black-Scholes model and Black-Scholes-Merton model, respectively. As of
December 31, 2022, these warrants were valued based on third party reports for Level 3 inputs. 

The
fair value of the forward purchase derivative was estimated using a Monte-Carlo Simulation in a risk-neutral framework (a special case
of the Income Approach). Specifically, the future stock price is simulated assuming a Geometric Brownian Motion GBM ).
For each simulated path, the forward purchase value is calculated based on the contractual terms and then discounted at the term-matched
risk-free rate. Finally, the value of the forward is calculated as the average present value over all simulated paths. The Company measured
the fair value of the forward purchase option derivative upon execution of the Forward Purchase Agreement and as of December 31, 2022,
with the respective fair value adjustments recorded within its Statements of Operations. The Company will continue to monitor the fair
value of the forward option derivative each reporting period with subsequent revisions to be recorded in the Statements of Operations. 

Share Price 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

The
following table provides quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements inputs as it relates to the forward purchase
derivatives as of their measurement dates: 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Reset Price 

Expected term (years) 

Additional maturity consideration per share 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Risk-adjusted discount rate 

Tax regarding prior years 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax: 

Deferred taxation - current year 

Deferred taxation - prior years 
 - 
 
 Income tax benefit reported in the income statement 

Accounting loss before income tax 

At federal statutory income tax rate of 21 

State income tax benefit, net of federal benefit 

Remeasurement of deferred taxes due to US tax legislative changes 
 - 
 
 Permanent differences, net 

UTP withholding 
 - 
 
 Other 

Valuation allowance charges affecting the provision for income taxes 
 - 
 
 Total 

Deferred
tax: 

Stock option conversion 

Deferred revenue 

Transaction costs 

Change in value of forward purchase contract 

Goodwill on Abaca 

NOL carryforward 

Lease liabilities 

Deferred tax assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right to use assets 

Intangible Assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets / (liabilities) 

Reflected in the statement of financial position as follows: 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets net 

The
Company offsets tax assets and liabilities only if it has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities
and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority. The Company has US
federal tax losses totaling million which have an unlimited carryover period. 

The
Company offsets tax assets and liabilities only if it has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities
and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority. The Company considers
their deferred tax assets to be realizable and has not established a valuation allowance, as it is considered more likely than not that the Company will utilize deferred tax assets in future periods through
future taxable income. The Company has US federal tax loss carryovers
totaling million arising from 2020 through 2022 which have an unlimited carryover period. The Company has State of Colorado loss
carryovers arising in 2022 of million which expire in 2042 and State of Arkansas loss carryovers arising in 2020 through 2022 of
 million which expire in 2028 through 2032. The Company currently has no tax examinations in progress. The Company has open years
for examination from Federal and State of Arkansas for the years ending December 31, 2019, forward and from State of Colorado from December
31, 2022. The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022. 

matching contribution up
to of a participant s eligible compensation, The total benefits package supports the employees well-being to achieve
a healthy and financial lifestyle goal. The Company s consolidated matching contributions in the years ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021 amounting to and respectively. 

million and respectively. 

The
2022 Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders on June 28, 2022. The 2022 Plan permits the grant of incentive stock options,
non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock bonus awards, and performance
compensation awards. The Company has not issued stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock bonus awards,
and performance compensation awards in year 2022 and 2021. In conjunction with the 2022 Plan, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had
granted stock options which are described in more detail below. 

Stock
options 

Stock
options are awarded to encourage ownership of the Company s common stock by employees and to provide increased incentive for employees
to render services and to exert maximum effort for the success of the Company. The Company s incentive stock options generally
permit net-share settlement upon exercise. The option exercise price, vesting schedule and exercise period are determined for each grant
by the administrator (person appointed by board to administer the stock plans) of the applicable plan. The Company s stock options
generally have a -year contractual term and vest over - years period from the grant date. 

Risk-free interest rate 
 to 
 
 Expected volatility (weighted-average and range, if applicable) 

Expected term 
 to years 

The
expected term of the options granted is calculated based on the simplified method by taking average of contractual term and vesting period
the awards. The shares of the Company were listed on the stock exchange for a limited period of the time and the share price has also
dropped significantly from the date of listing, based on these factors the Management has considered the expected volatility at 
for the current year. The risk-free interest rate used is the current yield on US Treasury notes with a term equal to the expected term
of the options at the grant date. The expected dividend yield is based on annualized dividends on the underlying share during the expected
term of the option. 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled / Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 December 31, 2022 

Total 

On
December 31, 2022, there were no unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested stock options to be recognized. Share based compensation
did not impact on Company s cash flow in financial year ended December 31, 2022, or December 31, 2021. 

MM was
 past due pursuant to its December 2022 payment. Management expects the subsequent payments in year 2023 to be delayed. The guarantor
 on the loan stated to management that the borrower is out of money due to business losses. The guarantor noted that the borrower
 is attempting to sell the building prior to the end of Q2 of 2023. In addition, further to the aforementioned attempt to sell, the loan is well collateralized by a building currently
 listed for sale at MM. The collateral value is based on of such. There is also a personal guarantee on this loan. Management
 does believe that the available provision balance as of December 31, 2022 is sufficient and does not warrant revision pursuant to
 the aforementioned transaction. Furthermore, Management will continue to monitor this loan during Q2 of 2023 for any and all developments. 

On
 January 25, 2023, at a special meeting of the Company s stockholders the reduction in the floor conversion price of the outstanding
 Series A Preferred Stock from per share to per share. .
 As of February 6, 2023, shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been converted into shares of Class A Common Stock, resulting
 in there being shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding and shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued
 and outstanding. 

On
 November 2, 2022, EF Hutton, a division of Benchmark Investments, LLC EF Hutton issued a notice of default to the
 Company towards a promissory note (the Note entered with the company on September 28, 2022, amounting to .
 The Note provides that the Company was obligated to pay EF Hutton the principal sum of on the following schedule: (i)
 on October 14, 2022, and (ii) on each of October 31, 2022, November 30, 2022, December 31, 2022, and January 31,
 2023. The legal notice indicates that the principal balance of the (reported as deferred underwriter fee payable 
 in the balance sheet) is immediately due and payable with default interest of per annum, and that EF Hutton intended to pursue
 legal action if full payment was not received by November 7, 2022. EF Hutton claimed that SHF defaulted on the Note by failing to
 pay the instalment payment due on October 31, 2022. On March 13, 2023, the Company and EF Hutton entered into a settlement
 agreement pursuant to which the Company paid to EF Hutton in full settlement of the amount due. 

As
 per Note 3 above, the Company entered into a forbearance agreement with PCCU and Luminous on October 26, 2022. As per the terms of
 the agreement, PCCU has agreed to defer all payments owed by the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for a period of six (6)
 months from the date hereof while the parties engage in good faith efforts to renegotiate the payment terms applicable to the deferred
 obligation. 

On
March 29, 2023, the Company and PCCU entered into the following definitive transaction documents to settle and restructure the deferred
obligation: 

A
 five -year Senior Secured Promissory Note (the Note in the principal amount of bearing interest at the rate
 of and a Security Agreement pursuant to which the Company will grant, as collateral for the Note, a first priority security interest
 in substantially all of the assets of the Company. 

A Securities
 Issuance Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will issue shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock to PCCU.
 Following the issuance of the Shares, PCCU will own of the outstanding Class A Common Stock. In connection with the Securities
 Issuance Agreement, the parties also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement and a Lock-Up Agreement. 

The Registration Rights
 Agreement requires the Company to register the Shares for resale pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
 Act and the Lock-Up Agreement restricts PCCU from transferring the Shares until the earlier of (i) six (6) months after the
 date of the Securities Issuance Documents or (ii) the consummation of a transaction with an unaffiliated third party in which all of
 the Company s stockholders have the right to exchange their shares of Class A Common Stock for cash, securities, or other property;
 and 

A Commercial
 Alliance Agreement that sets forth the terms and conditions of the lending-related and account-related services governing the relationship
 between the Company and PCCU from and after the date of the transactions, which agreement superseded the amended and restated support services agreement, the amended and restated account servicing agreement,
and the loan servicing agreement. 

F- 33 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION1 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following summary of the registered securities of SHF Holdings, Inc. does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws, each of which are incorporated
by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and certain provisions of Delaware law.
Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to the Company, we, our, and us 
in this Exhibit refer to SHF Holdings, Inc. 

Pursuant
to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we are authorized to issue 130,000,000 shares of our Class A common
stock, 0.0001 par value (the Class A Common Stock ), and 1,250,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value (the Preferred
Stock ), 30,000 of which shares of Preferred Stock have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
A Preferred Stock ). 

Common
Stock 

As
of April 10, 2023, 41,121,551 shares of Class A Common Stock were issued and outstanding. All issued and outstanding shares of Class
A Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Voting
Rights 

Except
as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in any certificate of designation for any series of Preferred Stock, under our
second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the holders of Class A Common Stock possess or will possess, as applicable,
all voting power for the election of our directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action and are entitled or will be entitled,
as applicable, to one vote per share on matters to be voted on by stockholders. Subject to certain limited exceptions, the holders of
Class A Common Stock shall at all times vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of Class A Common
Stock under our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Unless specified in our second amended and restated certificate
of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote
of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board
of directors will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of
directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the
holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to the rights of holders of any outstanding Preferred Stock, holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive ratable
dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Liquidation
Rights 

Subject
to the rights of holders of any outstanding Preferred Stock, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the affairs of the Company, the holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets and funds available
for distribution. 

Other
Rights 

The
holders of Class A Common Stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking
fund provisions applicable to the Class A Common Stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of the Class A Common Stock
will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of the Preferred Stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

General 

As
of April 10, 2023, 10,896 shares of Preferred Stock, each of which being a share of Series A Preferred Stock, were issued and outstanding.
All issued and outstanding shares of Preferred Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Our
second amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes 1,250,000 shares of preferred stock and provides that shares of preferred
stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations,
powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue shares
of preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common
stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder
approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. 

Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
September 28, 2022, we filed a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, designating 30,000 shares
of Preferred Stock as Series A Preferred Stock. 

Voting
Rights 

Except
as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Designation, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock do not
possess voting rights. 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to the rights of holders of any outstanding Preferred Stock senior to the Series A Preferred Stock, holders of Series A Preferred Stock
are entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted basis) to and in the same form as
dividends actually paid on shares of the Class A Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Class A Common
Stock. No other dividends will be paid to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock. 

Liquidation
Rights 

In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, the holders of Series
A Preferred Stock shall rank (i) senior to all of the Class A Common Stock; (ii) senior to any class or series of capital stock of the
Company created specifically ranking by its terms junior to any Series A Preferred Stock; (iii) on parity with any class or series of
capital stock of the Company created specifically ranking by its terms on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock; and (iv) junior to
any class or series of capital stock of the Company created specifically ranking by its terms senior to any Series A Preferred Stock,
in each case, as to dividends or distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 

Conversion
Rights 

Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible at any time at the option of the holder thereof into that number of shares of
Class A Common Stock determined by dividing the stated value of such share of Series A Preferred Stock by the then-current conversion
price. Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Company with a conversion notice. 

The
conversion price is subject to downward adjustment on each of the dates that are 10 days, 55 days, 100 days, 145 days and 190 days after
the effectiveness of a registration statement registering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, which registration statement was made effective on December 9, 2022, to the lower of the conversion price and
the greater of (i) 80 of the volume weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock for the prior five trading days and (ii) 1.25;
provided that, so long as a holder of Series A Preferred Stock continues to hold any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, such holder
will be entitled to receive the aggregate shares of Class A Common Stock that would be issuable based upon its initial purchase of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock at the adjusted conversion price. 

Public
Stockholders Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering and
the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its
warrants only for a whole number of Class A Common Stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant
holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you
purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, September 28, 2027, at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No.: 333-267796), initially filed with the SEC on October 7, 2022 and made effective on December 9, 2022.
We have agreed to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A Common Stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed,
as specified in the warrant agreement. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A Common
Stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A Common Stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed
to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the condition
in the immediately preceding sentence is not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to
exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any
warrant. 

We
may call the warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants
 become exercisable (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00
 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once the
 warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption
 to the warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon
exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect
such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue-sky
laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. We have established
the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant
premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants,
each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class
A Common Stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon
exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect
such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky
laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price
of the Class A Common Stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and
the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior
to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the
notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. If we call our warrants for redemption and
our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise
their placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that they and the other warrant holders
would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in
more detail below. 

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A Common Stock,
or by a split-up of shares of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up
or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion
to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A Common Stock entitling holders
to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of
shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock actually sold in such rights
offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class
A Common Stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A Common Stock paid in such rights offering divided
by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class
A Common Stock, in determining the price payable for Class A Common Stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received
for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted
average price of Class A Common Stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first
date on which the shares of Class A Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the
right to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Class A Common Stock on account of such shares of Class A Common Stock (or other shares of our capital
stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above or (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, then the warrant
exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair
market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A Common Stock in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock
split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. 

Whenever
the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant
exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the
numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior
to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (other than those described above or
that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or
into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in
any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to
another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with
which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the
terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable
and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property
(including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any
such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior
to such event. 

The
warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of
the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus for our initial public offering, or defective provision, but requires
the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A Common Stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A Common
Stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be
voted on by stockholders. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock to
be issued to the warrant holder. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or
any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Placement
Warrants 

Except
as described below, the placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the
units in our initial public offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Following the completion of
our initial business combination, the placement warrants (including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the placement
warrants) are transferable, assignable and salable. They are also exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor
or its permitted transferees. Our sponsor or its permitted transferees have the option to exercise the placement warrants on a cashless
basis. If the placement warrants are held by someone other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the placement warrants will
be exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial public offering. The placement
warrants will be redeemable by us on the same basis as the public warrants. 

If
holders of the placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their
warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of
shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the
 fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall
mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to
the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. In addition, holders of our placement warrants are entitled
to certain registration rights. 

PIPE
Warrants 

The
private placement warrants issued in connection with the PIPE transaction (the PIPE Warrants have an exercise price of
 11.50 per share of Class A Common Stock to be paid in cash (except if the shares underlying the warrants are not covered by an effective
registration statement after the six-month anniversary of the closing date, in which case cashless exercise is permitted), subject to
adjustment to a price equal to the greater of (i) 125 of the conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock if at any time there is
an adjustment to the conversion price and the exercise price after such adjustment is greater than 125 of the conversion price as adjusted
and (ii) 5.00. The PIPE Warrants are also subject to adjustment for other customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits and
similar corporate actions. The PIPE Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years following the closing of our initial business
combination, or September 28, 2027. After exercise of a PIPE Warrant, we may be required to pay certain penalties if it fails to deliver
the Class A Common Stock within a specified period of time. 

Accounting
Treatment 

Due to certain provisions contained in our warrant agreement, each of the public warrants, the placement warrants, and the PIPE Warrants
will be treated as a derivative liability and we will be required to record the fair value of each warrant as a liability in accordance
with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. As a result, each quarter, we will be required to determine the fair value of each warrant
and record the change on the value of the warrants from the prior quarter as a gain or a loss on our income statement, which will change
the value of the liability for the warrants on our balance sheet. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends at this time. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions.
The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed
to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of
its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for
its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified
person or entity. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

The
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals
that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which
could delay or prevent a change of control. Together, these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. These provisions will
include: 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of
our stockholders; 

a denial of the right of stockholders to call a special meeting; 

a vote of 66 2/3 required to approve certain amendments to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the bylaws;
and 

the designation of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain disputes. 

Forum
Selection Clause 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, for (1) any derivative action or proceeding
brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or
our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or other employee arising pursuant to the DGCL,
(4) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and bylaws, or (5) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware (or another state court or the federal court located within the State of Delaware if the Court of Chancery does
not have or declines to accept jurisdiction), in all cases subject to the court s having jurisdiction over indispensable parties
named as defendants. In addition, our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that the federal district courts
of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
Act but that the forum selection provision will not apply to claims brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act.
Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law for the specified
types of actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers.
Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other
jurisdictions, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. For example, under the Securities Act, federal
courts have concurrent jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act, and investors
cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or
otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this exclusive forum
provision, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Special
meeting of stockholders 

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by a Chief
Executive Officer or by our Chairman. 

Advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 

Our
bylaws contain advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as director.
In order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting, a stockholder will have to comply with such advance notice
procedures and provide us with certain information. Our bylaws allow the presiding officer at a meeting of stockholders to adopt rules
and regulations for the conduct of meetings which may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if such
rules and regulations are not followed. 

These
provisions may also defer, delay or discourage a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s
own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to influence or obtain control of the Company. 

Classified
board of directors 

Our
board of directors is currently divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered
three-year terms. Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be
changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be
removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of
all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single
class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled
only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Rule
144 

Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to
this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status
as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, our sponsor and any other holder of shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon conversion of our previously outstanding Class
B Common Stock or placement warrants, as applicable will be able to sell their private placement securities pursuant to Rule 144 without
registration one year after the Company has completed its initial business combination, or September 28, 2023, assuming the Company otherwise
complies with the conditions set forth above. 

Once
the conditions set forth in the exceptions listed above are satisfied, Rule 144 will become available for the resale of the above noted
restricted securities. 

Registration
Rights 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial business combination, the Company and Partner Colorado Credit Union entered into a registration rights
agreement, pursuant to which Partner Colorado Credit Union may request that the Company register certain securities held by it, including:
(i) all outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock held by Partner Colorado Credit Union immediately following the closing of the initial
business combination and (ii) all shares of Class A Common Stock issued to Partner Colorado Credit Union by way of any stock split, stock
dividend or other distribution, recapitalization, stock exchange, stock reconstruction, amalgamation, contractual control arrangement
or similar event. 

Holders
of shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon conversion of the previously outstanding Class B common stock upon consummation of the
initial business combination and placement warrants also have certain registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
executed in connection with our initial public offering, requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of the majority
of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our
completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting
from delays in registering our securities. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
Class A Common Stock and public warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols SHFS and SHFSW, respectively. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 ex10-12.htm

Exhibit 10.12 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 4
 ex10-13.htm

Exhibit 10.13 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries
of SHF Holdings, Inc. 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Organization 
 
 SHF,
 LLC d/b/a Safe Harbor Financial 
 
 Colorado 

Rockview
 Digital Solutions, Inc., d/b/a Abaca 
 
 Delaware

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Sundie Seefried, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of SHF Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
 any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and
 I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
 in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
 in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 /s/
 Sundie Seefried 

Sundie Seefried 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
James H. Dennedy, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 2022 of SHF Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
 any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and
 I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
 in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
 in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
 or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 /s/
 James H. Dennedy 

James H. Dennedy 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of SHF Holdings, Inc. on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sundie Seefried, Chief Executive Officer of SHF
Holdings, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to
the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
April 14, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Sundie Seefried 

Sundie Seefried 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of SHF Holdings, Inc. on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James H. Dennedy, Chief Financial Officer of SHF
Holdings, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to
the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
April 14, 2023 
 
 /s/
 James H. Dennedy 

James
 H. Dennedy 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 62
 shfs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 64
 shfs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 65
 shfs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 66
 shfs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

