<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1021435_0001493152-23-012363.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3592953</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122663</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>683911</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1117052</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>721338</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>851311</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012363.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414170738
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012363
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			hopTo Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001021435
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				133899021
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21683
		FILM NUMBER:		23821962

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1901 S. BASCOM AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 660
		CITY:			CAMPBELL
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8004727466

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1901 S. BASCOM AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 660
		CITY:			CAMPBELL
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GRAPHON CORP/DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990727

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITY FIRST ACQUISITION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012363.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(408) 
 688-2674 

 (Registrant s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: HPTO 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: (1) Common Stock, 0.0001 par value; and (2) Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulations S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and such
files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was . 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the Registrant s common stock. 

hopTo
Inc . 

ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 5 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 13 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 13 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 13 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 13 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 13 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 14 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 14 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 38 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 38 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 39 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 39 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 39 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 40 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 43 

Forward-Looking
Information 

This
report includes, in addition to historical information, forward-looking statements . All statements other than statements
of historical fact we make in this report are forward-looking statements. In particular, the statements regarding industry prospects
and our future results of operations or financial position are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on management s
current expectations and are subject to a number of uncertainties and risks that could cause actual results to differ significantly from
those described in the forward looking statements. Factors that may cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed
in Item 1A. Risk Factors, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this report. Statements included in this report are based
upon information known to us as of the date that this report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
and we assume no obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements made in this report, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by applicable federal securities laws. 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Introduction 

hopTo,
Inc., through its wholly owned subsidiary GraphOn Corporation (collectively, we , us, our or
the Company ), is a developer of application publishing software which includes application virtualization software and
cloud computing software for multiple computer operating systems including Windows, UNIX and several Linux-based variants. Our application
publishing software solutions are sold under the brand name GO-Global, which is our sole revenue source. GO-Global is an application
access solution for use by independent software vendors ISVs ), corporate enterprises, governmental and educational institutions,
and others who wish to take advantage of cross-platform remote access and Web-enabled access to their existing software applications,
as well as those who are deploying secure, private cloud environments. 

For
detailed historical information on the hopTo products and technologies, please refer to our previously filed Annual Report on form 10-K
which are available at www.sec.gov . Such filings are being noted for historical information only; unless expressly noted, they
are not incorporated herein by reference. 

Corporate
Background 

We
are a Delaware corporation, founded in May 1996. Our headquarters are located at 189 Main St., Suite 102, Concord, NH 03301, and our
phone number is 408-688-2674. We also have remote employees located in various states, as well as internationally in the United Kingdom.
Our corporate Internet Website is http://www.hopTo.com. The information on our Website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our
Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports filed with
or furnished to the SEC under sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are made available free of charge on our
corporate Internet Website investor webpage at www.hopto.com (click on SEC Reporting link) as soon as reasonably
practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. We may suspend our obligation to make such reports
in the future. 

3 

The
GO-Global Software Products 

Our
GO-Global product offerings, which currently are our only revenue source, can be categorized into product families as follows: 

GO-Global
 for Windows: Allows access to Windows-based applications from remote locations and a variety of connections, including the
 Internet connections. The Windows applications run on a central computer server along with GO-Global Windows Host software. This
 allows the applications to be accessed remotely via GO-Global Client software, or a Web browser, over many types of data connections,
 regardless of the bandwidth or operating system. Web-enabling is achieved without modifying the underlying application s code
 or requiring costly add-ons. 

GO-Global
 for UNIX: Allows access to UNIX and Linux-based applications from remote locations and a variety of connections, including
 the Internet and connections. The UNIX/Linux applications run on a central computer server along with the GO-Global for UNIX Host
 software. This allows the applications to be accessed and run remotely via GO-Global Client software or a Web browser without having
 to modify the application s code or requiring costly add-ons. 

GO-Global
 Client: We offer a range of GO-Global Client software that allows remote application access from a wide variety of local,
 remote and mobile platforms, including Windows, Linux, UNIX, Apple OS X and iOS, and Google Android. We plan to continue to develop
 GO-Global Client software for new portable and mobile devices. 

Target
Markets 

The
target market for our GO-Global products includes small to medium-sized companies, departments within large corporations, governmental
and educational institutions and independent software vendors (ISVs). Our software enables these targeted organizations to move their
existing applications to the public cloud and provide SaaS, or move them to a secure, private cloud environment. By using our software,
organizations can give their remote users, partners and customers access to their native applications. Our software is designed to allow
these organizations and enterprises to tailor the configuration of the end-user device for a particular purpose, rather than following
a one PC fits all high-cost ownership model. We believe our opportunities are as follows: 

ISVs .
 By Web-enabling their applications through use of our products, we believe that our ISV customers can accelerate their time to
 market without the risks and delays associated with rewriting applications or using other third-party software, thereby opening up
 additional revenue opportunities and securing greater satisfaction and loyalty from their customers. 

Our
 technology integrates with their existing software applications without sacrificing the full-featured look and feel of such applications,
 thereby providing ISVs with out-of-the-box Web-enabled applications with their own branding for licensed, volume distribution to
 their enterprise customers. 

Enterprises
 Employing Windows and Unix/Linux . Enterprises ranging from small to medium-sized companies to departments in large companies
 use GO-Global software to allow users to access applications from remote locations and from different client devices. We believe
 that our software products reduce the cost and complexity of connecting PCs to various applications. 

4 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
GO-Global products are primarily sold through resellers both domestically and internationally. The resellers consist of OEMs, system
integrators, value-added resellers and distributors. The reseller channel acts as a sales force for our GO-Global products by creating
awareness and also providing integration and support services for our current and potential customers. We support our existing reseller
channel and seek to grow our reseller partners through direct marketing activities that include digital marketing, promotional materials,
direct response and maintaining an active Web presence for marketing and sale purposes. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had two resellers that represented more than 23.8 and 10 of sales and four resellers that represented
18.5 , 18.3 , 17.4 , and 16.0 of accounts receivable, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had one reseller that represented
more than 27.8 of sales and three resellers that represented 51.5 , 15.0 , and 11.9 of accounts receivable, respectively. For the purposes
of this description, sales refers to the dollar value of orders received from these customers and partners in the period
indicated. The sales values do not necessarily equal recognized revenue for these periods due to our revenue recognition policies which
require deferral of revenue associated with prepaid software service fees. 

Operations 

We
perform all purchasing, order processing and shipping of products and accounting functions related to our operations. We generally ship
products and fulfill orders electronically so we do not maintain any prepackaged inventory. Additionally, we have relatively little backlog
at any given time; thus, we do not consider backlog a significant indicator of future performance. 

Competition 

The
software markets in which we participate are highly competitive. Competitive factors in our market space include price, product quality,
functionality, product differentiation and the breadth and variety of product offerings and product features. We believe that our products
offer certain advantages over our competitors, particularly in product performance and market positioning. 

GO-Global
competes with developers of conventional server-based software for the individual PC, as well as with other companies in the cloud computing
software market and the application virtualization software market. We believe our principal competitors in the cloud computing software
market include Citrix Systems, Inc., OpenText Communications, Ltd. and Microsoft Corporation. Citrix is an established leading vendor
of virtualization software, OpenText is an established market leader for remote access to UNIX applications and Microsoft is an established
leading vendor of Windows operating systems and services for servers. 

Employees 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had a full-time equivalent of 14.5 total employees, including 4 in marketing, sales and support, 8.5 in research
and development (which is inclusive of employees who may also perform customer service related activities), 2 in administration and finance.
We believe our relationship with our employees is good. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 

Recent
Developments 

The Company does not have recent developments. 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 

The
risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. The risk factors described below include the considerable
risks associated with the current economic environment and the related potential adverse effects on our financial condition and results
of operations. You should read these risk factors in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Item 8. There also
may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this report generally because we do not currently perceive
them to be material. Those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have a history of operating and net losses. 

We
have experienced significant operating and net losses since we began operations. After years of losses, we had net income for 2021 of
 1,052,200 and 2022 of 123,000; however, such improvement in our financial performance could reverse if our GO-Global business, our
only source of revenue, declines or if we are unable to maintain control over our expenses. Income from each year was partially a result
of unique one-time transactions that are not expecting to continue. 

5 

The
coronavirus pandemic could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
recent coronavirus pandemic throughout the United States and the world has resulted in the United States and other countries halting
or sharply curtailing the movement of people, goods and services. All of this has caused extended shutdowns of businesses and the prolonged
economic impact remains uncertain. At this point, we believe the conditions will have a material adverse effect on our business but given
the rapidly changing developments we cannot accurately predict what effects these conditions will have on our business, which will depend
on, among other factors, the ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the duration of the outbreak and travel restrictions and business
closures imposed by the United States and various other governments. 

Our
revenue is typically generated from a limited number of resellers. 

A
material portion of our revenue, all of which is currently derived from our GO-Global products, during any reporting period is typically
generated from a limited number of resellers in certain countries or geographic regions, all of which are unrelated third parties. We
are seeking to expand the number of resellers of our GO-Global products to grow our revenues and diversify our revenue geographically.
However, our inability to expand the number of resellers and/or a reduction in the orders from our current resellers could materially
adversely impact our revenues. 

If
we are unable to develop new products and enhancements to our existing products, our business, results of operations, financial condition,
and cash flows could be materially adversely impacted. 

The
market for our products and services is characterized by: 

frequent
 new product and service introductions and enhancements; 

rapid
 technological change; 

evolving
 industry standards; 

fluctuations
 in customer demand; and 

changes
 in customer requirements. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to continually enhance our current products and develop and introduce new features and capabilities
that our customers choose to buy. If we are unable to satisfy our customers demands and remain competitive with other products
that could satisfy their needs by introducing new features, capabilities and enhancements, our business, results of operations, financial
condition, and cash flows could be materially adversely impacted. Our future success could be hindered by, among other factors: 

the
 amount of cash we have available to fund investment in new products and enhancements; 

the
 reduced level of research and development resources that we have available in the Company to perform the work necessary to develop
 new features and capabilities 

delays
 in our introduction of new features, capabilities and/or enhancements of existing products; 

disruptions
 in our operations or customer relations due to the coronavirus pandemic; 

delays
 in market acceptance of new products and/or enhancements of existing products; and 

a
 competitor s announcement of new products and/or product enhancements or technologies that could replace or shorten the life
 cycle of our existing products. 

6 

For
example, sales of our GO-Global software could be affected by the announcement from Microsoft of an intended release, and the subsequent
actual release, of a new Windows-based operating system, or an upgrade to a previously released Windows-based operating system version.
These new or upgraded systems may contain similar features to our products or they could contain architectural changes that would temporarily
prevent our products from functioning properly within a Windows-based operating system environment. 

We
are subject to various liquidity risks. 

We
have incurred significant net losses since our inception. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 78,065,500 and a
working capital of 4,307,400. Our ability to continue to generate net profits and positive cash flows from operations is dependent on
our ability to continue to generate revenue from our legacy GO-Global business, which in turn is subject to a variety of risks, some
of which are described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a small company, we have limited ability to deploy new revenue increasing
opportunities, and limited flexibility to respond to unforeseen adverse developments, such as customer losses, adverse market developments
or unanticipated expenses. Although our current operating plan does not call for the raising of new capital, if we need to raise new
capital, our ability to do so is extremely limited given our small market capitalization and the limited volume in the trading of our
common stock. 

If
we do need to issue new equity, such issuances may be at a significant discount to market prices, would dilute existing stockholders
and may give the purchasers of new capital stock additional rights, preferences and privileges relative to existing stockholders. There
can be no assurance that additional capital necessary for any execution of our operations will be available on a timely basis, on reasonable
terms or at all. 

Challenges
to develop new business may reverse the improvements in our finances. 

Our
management believes that any significant improvement in our cash flow must result from increases in revenues from existing sources and
from new revenue sources. Our ability to develop new revenues depends on many factors not in our control, or only partially in its control,
including available capital resources which affect the extent of our marketing activities and our research and development activities,
all of which are limited by our small size and revenue base. We cannot assure you that the resources that we can devote to marketing
and to research and development will be sufficient to increase its revenues to levels that will enable us to maintain positive operating
cash flow in the future. 

Sales
of products within our GO-Global product families are likely to be our only source of revenue during 2023. 

Sales
of products within our GO-Global product families, and related enhancements, were our only source of revenue during 2022 and will continue
to be our only source of revenue during 2023. The success, if any, of our new GO-Global releases may depend on a number of factors, including
market acceptance of the new GO-Global releases and our ability to manage the risks associated with introducing such releases. Declines
in demand for our GO-Global products could occur as a result of, among other factors: 

lack
 of success with our strategic partners; 

new
 competitive product releases and updates to existing competitive products; 

decreasing
 or stagnant information technology spending levels; 

price
 competition; 

technological
 changes; 

disruptions
 in our operations or customer relations due to the coronavirus pandemic; or 

general
 economic conditions in the markets in which we operate. 

7 

If
our customers do not continue to purchase GO-Global products as a result of these or other factors, our revenue would decrease and our
results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows would be adversely affected. 

Our
operating results in one or more future periods are likely to fluctuate significantly and may fail to meet or exceed the expectations
of investors. 

Our
operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly in the future on a quarterly and annual basis due to a number of factors, many
of which are outside our control. Factors that could cause our operating results and therefore our revenues to fluctuate include the
following, among other factors: 

variations
 in the size of orders by our customers; 

increased
 competition; 

disruptions
 in our operations or customer relations due to the coronavirus pandemic; and 

the
 proportion of overall revenues derived from different sales channels such as distributors, original equipment manufacturers OEMs and others. 

In
addition, our license revenues are impacted by fluctuations in OEM licensing activity from quarter to quarter, which may involve one-time
orders from non-recurring customers, or customers who order infrequently. Our expense levels are based, in part, on expected future orders
and sales; therefore, if orders and sales levels are below expectations, our operating results are likely to be materially adversely
affected. Additionally, because significant portions of our expenses are fixed, a reduction in sales levels may disproportionately affect
our net financial results. Also, we may reduce prices and/or increase spending in response to competition or to pursue new market opportunities.
Because of these factors, our operating results in one or more future periods may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of investors.
In that event, the trading price of our common stock would likely be adversely affected. 

We
will encounter challenges in recruiting, hiring and retaining new personnel and/or replacements for any members of key management or
other personnel who depart. 

Our
success and business strategy is dependent in large part on our ability to attract and retain key management and other personnel in certain
areas of our business. If any of these employees were to leave, we would need to attract and retain replacements for them. We have lost
employees, including at the officer level and in our new products engineering group, in the past. Without a successful replacement, the
loss of the services of one or more key members of our management group and other key personnel could have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

We
do not have long-term employment agreements with any of our key personnel and any officer or other employee can terminate their relationship
with us at any time. We may also need to add key personnel in the future in order to successfully implement our business strategies.
The market for such qualified personnel is highly competitive and it includes other potential employers whose financial resources for
such qualified personnel are more substantial than ours. Consequently, we could find it difficult to attract, assimilate or retain such
qualified personnel in sufficient numbers to successfully implement our business strategies. 

We
have sought to match our expenses structure with business opportunities, but this creates risks. We rely on the considerable expertise
of our Board of Directors and the moderate use of professional advisors. This arrangement limits our ability to respond to challenges
and develop opportunities. Should we revise our approach to management by hiring additional resources, this too, can create risks to
the cost savings we have achieved, if any anticipated business opportunities are not realized. 

8 

Our
failure to adequately protect our proprietary rights may adversely affect us. 

Our
commercial success is dependent, in large part, upon our ability to protect our proprietary rights. We rely on a combination of patent,
copyright and trademark laws, as well as trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and other contractual provisions to protect our proprietary
rights. These measures afford only limited protection. We cannot assure you that measures we have taken or may take in the future will
be adequate to protect us from misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property. Despite our efforts to protect proprietary
rights, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard
as proprietary. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property or other proprietary rights
as fully as do the laws of the United States. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that the existence of any proprietary rights will prevent
the development of competitive products. The infringement upon, or loss of, any proprietary rights, or the development of competitive
products despite such proprietary rights, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
business significantly benefits from strategic relationships and there can be no assurance that such relationships will continue in the
future. 

Our
business and strategy rely to a significant extent on our strategic relationships with other companies. There is no assurance that we
will be able to maintain or further develop any of these relationships or to replace them in the event any of these relationships are
terminated. In addition, any failure to renew or extend any license between any third party and us may adversely affect our business. 

We
rely on indirect distribution channels for our products and may not be able to retain existing reseller relationships or develop new
reseller relationships. 

Our
GO-Global products are primarily sold through several distribution channels. An integral part of our strategy is to strengthen our relationships
with resellers such as OEMs, systems integrators, value-added resellers s, distributors and other vendors to encourage these parties
to recommend or distribute our products and to add resellers both domestically and internationally. We currently invest, and intend to
continue to invest, significant resources to expand our sales and marketing capabilities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
attract and/or retain resellers to market our products effectively. Our inability to attract resellers and the loss of any current reseller
relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Additionally,
we cannot assure you that resellers will devote enough resources to provide effective sales and marketing support to our products. 

The
markets in which we participate are highly competitive and have more established competitors. 

The
markets we participate in with GO-Global are intensely competitive, rapidly evolving and subject to continuous technological changes.
We expect competition to increase in each of these markets as other companies introduce additional competitive products. In order to
compete effectively, we must continually develop and market new and enhanced products and market those products at competitive prices.
As markets for our products continue to develop, additional companies, including companies in the computer hardware, software and networking
industries with significant market presence, may enter the markets in which we compete and further intensify competition. A number of
our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition and significantly greater financial,
sales, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. We cannot give any assurance that our competitors will not develop and market
competitive products that will offer superior price or performance features, or that new competitors will not enter our markets and offer
such products. We believe that we will need to invest significant financial resources in research and development to remain competitive
in the future in each of the markets in which we compete. Such financial resources may not be available to us at the time or times that
we need them, or upon terms acceptable to us, or at all. We cannot assure you that we will be able to establish and maintain a significant
market position in the face of our competition and our failure to do so would adversely affect our business. 

9 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
stock is thinly traded and its price has been historically volatile. 

Our
stock is thinly traded. As such, holders of our stock are subject to a high risk of illiquidity, e.g., you may not be able to sell as
many shares at the price you would like, or you may not be able to purchase as many shares at the price you would like, due to the low
average daily trading volume of our stock. Additionally, the market price of our stock has historically been volatile; it has fluctuated
significantly to date. The trading price of our stock is likely to continue to be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. Your
investment in our stock could lose some or all of its value. 

Future
sales of our common stock could adversely affect its price and our future capital-raising activities, and could involve the issuance
of additional equity securities, which would dilute current stockholder investments in our common stock and could result in lowering
the trading price of our common stock. 

We
may sell securities in the public or private equity markets if and when conditions are favorable. Sales of substantial amounts of common
stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and our
ability to raise capital. We may issue additional common stock in future financing transactions or as incentive compensation for our
management team and other key personnel, consultants and advisors. Issuing any equity securities would be dilutive to the equity interests
represented by our then-outstanding shares of common stock. The market price for our common stock could decrease as the market takes
into account the dilutive effect of any of these issuances. Furthermore, we may enter into financing transactions and issue securities
with rights and preferences senior to the rights and preferences of our common stock, and we may issue securities at prices that represent
a substantial discount to the market price of our common stock. A negative reaction by investors and securities analysts to any discounted
sale of our equity securities could result in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 

We
may make acquisitions, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute our stockholders, and seriously
harm our business. 

As
part of our business strategy, we intend to make acquisitions in the future (although we do not currently have any probable acquisitions).
Our ability to acquire and successfully integrate larger or more complex companies, products, and technologies is unproven. In the future,
we may not be able to find other suitable acquisition candidates, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms,
if at all. In addition, if we fail to successfully close transactions or integrate new teams, or integrate the products and technologies
associated with these acquisitions into our company, our business could be seriously harmed. Any integration process may require significant
time and resources, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. We may not successfully evaluate or use the acquired products,
technology, and personnel, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges. We
may also incur unanticipated liabilities that we assume as a result of acquiring companies. We may have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue
equity securities to pay for any acquisition, any of which could seriously harm our business. Selling equity to finance any such acquisitions
would also dilute our stockholders. Incurring debt would increase our fixed obligations and could also include covenants or other restrictions
that would impede our ability to manage our operations. 

In
addition, on average, it is difficult to finalize the purchase price allocation and accounting. Therefore, it is possible that our valuation
of an acquisition may change and result in unanticipated write-offs or charges, impairment of our goodwill, or a material change to the
fair value of the assets and liabilities associated with a particular acquisition, any of which could seriously harm our business. 

We
are not likely to have the capital to acquire large businesses. Therefore, the businesses we acquire may require significant investment
in corporate infrastructure, repositioning, incremental sales, marketing or product development. 

Our
acquisition strategy may not succeed if we are unable to remain attractive to target companies or expeditiously close transactions. 

We
have a significant number of outstanding warrants and options, and future sales of these shares could adversely affect the market price
of our common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding warrants for an aggregate of 248,216 shares of common stock, at a weighted average exercise
price of 0.01 per share. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding options exercisable. The holders may sell these shares
exercisable under warrants or options in the public markets from time to time. In addition, if our stock price rises, more
outstanding warrants and options will be in-the-money and the holders may exercise their warrants and options and sell
a large number of shares. This could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

10 

Our
common stock is quoted on the FINRA OTC Bulletin Board, which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity. 

Our
common stock is currently quoted under the symbol HPTO on the OTC Bulletin Board market OTCBB operated
by FINRA (Financial Industry Regulatory Authority) and on the OTC Markets Group QB PINK OTC PINK ). Neither the OTCBB
nor the OTC PINK is a national securities exchange, and in general, each is a significantly more limited market than
the markets operated by the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. The quotation of our shares on the OTCBB and the OTC PINK could result
in a less liquid market being available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, which could
depress the trading price of our common stock and have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future.
Because of the limited trading market for our common stock, and because of the significant price volatility, investors may not be
able to sell their shares of common stock when they want to do so. We may not support any continued trading market for our
shares. 

Our
stock may lose access to a viable trading market . 

Given
the increasing cost and resource demands of being a public company, we may decide to go dark, or discontinue our obligation
to make periodic filings with the SEC, by deregistering our securities, for a period of time until our assets and stockholder base are
sufficient to warrant public trading again. During such time, there would be a substantial decrease in disclosure by us of our operations
and prospects, and a substantial decrease in the liquidity in our common stock even though stockholders may still continue to trade our
common stock in the OTC market or pink sheets. The market s interpretation of a company s motivation for going
dark varies from cost savings, to negative changes in the firm s prospects, to serving insider interests, which may affect
the overall price and liquidity of a company s securities. 

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid dividends on our common stock, nor do we anticipate paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future.
We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the operations and expansion of our business. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon the earnings, financial condition,
operating results, capital requirements and other factors as deemed necessary by our Board of Directors. 

FINRA s
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

FINRA
has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA s requirements make it more difficult
for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and
have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

11 

Provisions
in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws and our Rights Agreement may prevent or discourage
third parties or our stockholders from attempting to replace our management or influencing significant decisions. 

Provisions
in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing
a change in control of our company or our management, even if doing so would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include,
but are not limited to, authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval and limiting the persons
who may call special meetings of stockholders and providing that stockholders cannot take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting.
In addition, our Rights Agreement, entered into by us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (as rights agent) on February
16, 2018, as amended on November 2, 2018 and February 16, 2021 (collectively, the Rights Agreement ), works by imposing
a significant penalty upon any person or group (including a group of persons that are acting in concert with each other) that acquires
five percent (5 or more of our common stock without the approval of our board of directors. As a result, the overall effect of the
Rights Agreement and the issuance of the rights thereunder may be to render more difficult or discourage a merger, tender or exchange
offer or other business combination involving that is not approved by our board of directors. The Rights Agreement is not intended to
interfere with any merger, tender or exchange offer or other business combination approved by our board of directors. Nor does the Rights
Agreement prevent the Board from considering any offer that it considers to be in the best interest of its stockholders. The Rights Agreement
expired at or prior to the earlier of (i) February 16, 2031 or (ii) the redemption or exchange of the rights thereunder, as provided
for in the Rights Agreement. Together, these charter and contractual arrangements could make the removal of management more difficult
and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our common stock. 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult or discouraging
an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. Our corporate governance documents include provisions: 

authorizing
 blank check preferred stock, which could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock; 

limiting
 the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 

limiting
 the ability of our stockholders to call and bring business before special meetings and to take action by written consent in lieu
 of a meeting; 

requiring
 advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates
 for election to our board of directors; 

controlling
 the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board of directors and stockholder meetings; 

providing
 our board of directors with the express power to postpone previously scheduled annual meetings and to cancel previously scheduled
 special meetings; 

limiting
 the determination of the number of directors on our board of directors and the filling of vacancies or newly created seats on the
 board to our board of directors then in office; and 

requiring
 a supermajority of two-thirds of stockholders to amend certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation or to amend our bylaws. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of our company or changes in our management. 

As
a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations
without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock. Any provision of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity
for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are
willing to pay for our common stock. 

12 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters currently occupies approximately 1,548 square feet of office space in Concord, New Hampshire, under a three-year
lease arrangement for a monthly payment of 2,500 per month, which can be cancelled at any time by either party with a six-month advance
notice. 

We
have certain employees who work remotely in various states. We believe our current facilities will be adequate to accommodate our needs
for the foreseeable future. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 

From
time to time, we are party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business.
We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that we believe would reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 safety disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Since
March 27, 2003 our common stock has been quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol HPTO. 

On
March 31, 2023 there were approximately 47 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid dividends on our common stock, nor do we anticipate paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future.
We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the operations and expansion of our business. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon the earnings, financial condition,
operating results, capital requirements and other factors as deemed necessary by the Board of Directors. 

13 

Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 

Not
applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Introduction 

We
are developers of application publishing software which includes application virtualization software and cloud computing software for
multiple computer operating systems including Windows, UNIX and several Linux-based variants. Our application publishing software solutions
are sold under the brand name GO-Global, which is our sole revenue source at this time. GO-Global is an application access solution for
use and/or resale by independent software vendors ISVs ), corporate enterprises, governmental and educational institutions,
and others who wish to take advantage of cross-platform remote access and Web-enabled access to their existing software applications,
as well as those who are deploying secure, private cloud environments. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes provided in Item 8 Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Basis
of Presentation and Use of Estimates 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of hopTo Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, we , us ,
 our , or Company significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated upon consolidation. The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. These estimates include: the amount of stock-based compensation expense; the allowance for doubtful accounts; the
estimated lives of property of equipment, valuation and amortization of intangible assets (including capitalized software); depreciation
of long-lived assets; valuation of warrants; post-employment benefits; and accruals for liabilities, deferred rent, and taxes. While
the Company believes that such estimates are fair, actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

14 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company markets and licenses its products indirectly through channel distributors, independent software vendors ISVs ),
value-added resellers, hosting service providers, corporate enterprises, governmental and educational institutions and others. Our product
licenses are perpetual. We also separately sell intellectual property licenses, maintenance contracts, which are comprised of license
updates and customer service access, as well as other products and services. 

There
are no rights of return granted to purchasers of the Company s software products. 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. Revenues under ASC 606 are recognized when the promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenue recognition was determined by 

identifying
 the contract, or contracts, with a customer; 

identifying
 the performance obligations in each contract; 

determine
 the transaction price; 

allocating
 the transaction price to the performance obligations in each contract; and 

recognizing
 revenue when, or as, we satisfy performance obligations by transferring the promised goods or services 

When
control of the promised products and services are transferred to our customers, we recognize revenue in the amount that reflects the
consideration we expect to receive in exchange for these products and services. 

Product
Sales 

All
of our licenses are delivered to the customer electronically. The Company sends the license key to the customer to download the related
software from Company portal. We recognize revenue upon delivery of these licenses. For stocking resellers who purchase licenses through
inventory stocking orders with the intent to resell to an end-user, revenue is recognized when the resellers accounts have been
credited, at their discretion, for the number of licenses purchased. 

Maintenance
revenue is also recognized from service contracts ratably over the related contract period. 

15 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid holdings with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.
The Company had no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 

We
maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts that reflects our best estimate of potentially uncollectible trade receivables. The allowance
is based on assessments of the collectability of specific customer accounts and the general aging and size of the accounts receivable.
We regularly review the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful accounts by considering such factors as historical experience, credit
worthiness, and current economic conditions that may affect a customer s ability to pay. We specifically reserve for those accounts
deemed uncollectible. We also establish, and adjust, a general allowance for doubtful accounts based on our review of the aging and size
of our accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for doubtful accounts totaled 5,600 and 7,000, respectively. 

Software
Development Costs 

Under
the criteria set forth in Financial Accounting Standards Board s (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 985-20, Costs
of Software to be Sold, Leased or Marketed, development costs incurred in the research and development of new software products
are expensed as incurred until technological feasibility, in the form of a working model, has been established, at which time such costs
are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. The Company did not capitalize any software development
costs during 2022 or 2021. The Company makes ongoing evaluations of the recoverability of its capitalized software projects by comparing
the net amount capitalized for each product to the estimated net realizable value of the product. If such evaluations indicate that the
unamortized software development costs exceed the net realizable value, the Company writes off the amount by which the unamortized software
development costs exceed net realizable value. 

16 

Long-Lived
Assets 

Long-lived
assets are assessed for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be
recoverable, whenever we have committed to a plan to dispose of the assets or, at a minimum, annually. Typically, for long-lived assets
to be held and used, measurement of an impairment loss is based on the fair value of such assets, with fair value being determined based
on appraisals, current market value, comparable sales value, and discounted future cash flows, among other variables, as appropriate.
Assets to be held and used (which assets are affected by an impairment loss) are depreciated or amortized at their new carrying amount
over their remaining estimated life; assets to be sold or otherwise disposed of are not subject to further depreciation or amortization.
No such impairment charge was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Concentration
of Credit Risk 

Financial
instruments, which potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk, consist principally of cash and trade receivables.
The Company places its cash with high quality financial institutions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 4,787,300
of cash with financial institutions in excess of FDIC insurance limits. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had two resellers that represented more than 23.8 and 10 of sales and four resellers that represented
18.5 , 18.3 , 17.4 , and 16.0 of accounts receivable, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had one reseller that represented
more than 27.8 of sales and three resellers that represented 51.5 , 15.0 , and 11.9 of accounts receivable, respectively. For the purposes
of this description, sales refers to the dollar value of orders received from these customers and partners in the period
indicated. The sales values do not necessarily equal recognized revenue for these periods due to our revenue recognition policies which
require deferral of revenue associated with prepaid software service fees. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, using the asset and liability method. Under
this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not
be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Basic
and Diluted Earnings Per Share 

In
accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share, the basic income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net income
(loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income (loss) per
share reflects per share amounts that would have resulted if diluted potential common stock had been converted to common stock. Dilutive
common share equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, representing 248,216 outstanding in-the-money warrants, were included in the
computation of diluted net income (loss) per share using the Treasury Stock Method. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had total common stock equivalents of 0 and 4,946 shares, respectively, which excluded from the computation of net income
per share because they are anti-dilutive. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses.
The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates fair value due to the nature of the accounts and their short-term maturities. 

17 

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following is a comparison of the results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Software licenses 
 621,800 
 737,800 
 
 Software service fees 
 3,202,900 
 2,788,500 
 
 Other 
 83,900 
 86,400 
 
 Total Revenue 
 3,908,600 
 3,612,700 

Cost of Revenue: 

Software service costs 
 51,400 
 54,000 
 
 Software product costs 
 186,400 
 112,500 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 237,800 
 166,500 

Gross profit 
 3,670,800 
 3,446,200 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing 
 926,000 
 606,600 
 
 General and administrative 
 1,002,400 
 748,800 
 
 Research and development 
 1,524,800 
 1,435,400 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 3,453,200 
 2,790,800 

Income from operations 
 217,600 
 655,400 

Other income (loss): 

Interest Other Income 
 4,300 
 269,800 
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) 
 (98,900 
 127,000 
 
 Other income (loss) 
 (94,600 
 396,800 

Income before provision for income taxes 
 123,000 
 1,052,200 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income 
 123,000 
 1,052,200 

Net income per share, basic 
 0.01 
 0.06 
 
 Net income per share, diluted 
 0.01 
 0.06 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic 
 18,848,841 
 18,850,675 
 
 Diluted 
 19,091,415 
 19,092,837 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

18 

Revenues 

Our
software revenue is entirely related to our GO-Global product line, and historically has been primarily derived from product licensing
fees and service fees from maintenance contracts. The majority of this revenue has been earned, and continues to be earned, from a limited
number of significant customers, most of whom are resellers. some of our resellers purchase software licenses that they hold in inventory
until they are resold to the ultimate end user (a stocking reseller ). 

When
a software license is sold directly to an end user by us, or by one of our resellers who does not stock licenses into inventory, revenue
is recognized immediately upon shipment, assuming all other criteria for revenue recognition are met. Consequently, if any significant
end user customer substantially changes its order level, or fails to order during the reporting period, whether the order is placed directly
with us or through one of our non-stocking resellers, our software licenses revenue could be materially impacted. 

The
following is a summary of our revenues by category for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Revenue 

Software Licenses 

Windows 
 591,500 
 673,400 
 (81,900 
 -12.2 
 
 UNIX/Linux 
 30,300 
 64,400 
 (34,100 
 -53.0 
 
 Total 
 621,800 
 737,800 
 (116,000 
 -15.7 

Software Service Fees 

Windows 
 3,078,600 
 2,604,700 
 473,900 
 18.2 
 
 UNIX/Linux 
 124,300 
 183,800 
 (59,500 
 -32.4 
 
 Total 
 3,202,900 
 2,788,500 
 414,400 
 14.9 

Other 
 83,900 
 86,400 
 (2,500 
 -2.9 
 
 Total 
 3,908,600 
 3,612,700 
 295,900 
 8.2 

Software
Licenses 

Windows
software licenses revenue decreased by 81,900 or 12.2 to 591,500 during the year ended December 31, 2022, from 673,400 as compared
to 2021. 

The
decrease for year ended December 31,2022 was due to lower license orders from standard licenses, offset by increase of stocking orders. 

Software
licenses revenue from our UNIX/Linux products decreased by 34,100 or 53.0 to 30,300 during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 64,400
as compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower revenue from standard order licenses as we continue to focus primarily on
our Windows products. 

Software
Service Fees 

Service
fees attributable to our Windows product service increased by 473,900 or 18.2 to 3,078,600 during the year ended December 31, 2022,
from 2,604,700 as compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher subscription revenue and higher revenue recognized from
deferred maintenance support fees. 

Service
fees revenue attributable to our UNIX products decreased by 59,500 or 32.4 to 124,300 during the year ended December 31, 2022, from
 183,800 as compared to 2021. 

The
decrease was primarily the result of the lower level of UNIX product sales throughout the prior year and an expiration of a long-term
maintenance contract. 

Other 

Other
revenue consists of private labeling fees, professional services, and non-recurring revenues. Other revenue decreased by 2,500 or 2.9 
to 83,900 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 86,400 compared to 2021. 

19 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenue is comprised primarily of software service costs, which represent the costs of customer service. Also included in cost of
revenue are software product costs, which are primarily comprised of the amortization of capitalized software development costs and costs
associated with licenses to third party software included in our product offerings, and the required import tax withholdings from Brazil
resellers. We incur no significant shipping or packaging costs as virtually all of our deliveries are made via electronic means over
the Internet. 

Cost
of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 71,300, or 42.8 , to 237,800 as compared to 166,500 for 2021. Cost of
revenue represented 6.1 and 4.6 of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The primarily increase
was due to increase import tax withholdings associated with higher revenue from Brazil resellers for the period ended December 31, 2022. 

Selling
and Marketing Expenses 

Selling
and marketing expenses primarily consisted of employee, outside services and travel and entertainment expenses. 

Selling
and marketing expenses increased by 319,400, or 52.7 , to 926,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 606,600 as compared to
2021. Selling and marketing expenses represented approximately 23.7 and 16.8 of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. The increase in selling and marketing expenses was due to an increase and increase in employee related expenses
and consulting services as we continue to expand our sales and marketing initiatives. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses primarily consist of employee costs, depreciation and amortization, legal, accounting, other professional
services, rent, travel and entertainment and insurance. Certain costs associated with being a publicly held corporation are also included
in general and administrative expenses, as well as bad debt expense. 

General
and administrative expenses increased by 253,600, or 33.9 , to 1,002,400 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 748,800 as compared
to 2021. 

The
increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to increase of employee related fees and board of director fees paid
that were not paid in the prior year period. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of employee costs, payments to contract programmers, software subscriptions, travel and entertainment
for our engineers, and all rent for our leased engineering facilities. 

Research
and development expenses increased by 89,400, or 6.2 to 1,524,800 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,435,400 as compared
to 2021. The increase in research and development expense was primarily due to increase in wages and software subscriptions. 

Other
Income 

Other
income decreased by 491,400 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to same period in 2021. The decrease was primarily related to income from
the sale of certain patents and unrealized gain of marketable securities during the prior year. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 5,037,300 and a working capital of 4,307,400 as compared to cash of 4,755,300 and a working
capital of 4,316,500 as of December 31, 2021. The increase in cash as of December 31, 2022 was primarily the result of cash inflow
from operations, net of outflows related to investment and finance activities. We expect our results from operations
and capital resources will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months from the date of the filing of this
annual report on Form 10-K. 

20 

The
following is a summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities 
 292,100 
 410,600 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities 
 - 
 (30,600 
 
 Cash flows used in financing activities 
 (10,100 
 - 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our operating cash flow was 292,100 while net cash flows provided for year ending December 31,
2021 was 410,600. The decrease was primarily the result increase in prepaid expenses, offset by decrease in accounts receivable and
unrealized loss from marketable securities During the year ended December 31, 2021, our operating cash flow of 410,600 was
primarily the result of increase in accounts receivable and non-operating gains from sale of patent and unrealized gain from
marketable securities. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any cashflow in investing activities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, our investing cashflow of 30,600 was
primarily the result net proceeds from sale of patent, offset by purchase of marketable securities. 

During
the year December 31, 2022, we had financing cashflow of 10,100 due to the purchase of hopTo treasury stock. For the same periods end
2021, we did not have cash flow activity relating to financing activities. 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

21 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID: 
 23 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 24 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 25 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 26 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 27 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 28 

22 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of hopTo, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of hopTo, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash
flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

April
14, 2023 

23 

hopTo
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable Securities 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued wages 

Lease liability - current 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenue - current 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenue 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, 
 par value, 
 shares authorized, 
 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

24 

hopTo
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Software licenses 

Software service fees 

Other 

Total Revenue 

Cost of Revenue: 

Software service costs 

Software product costs 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (loss): 

Interest Other Income 

Unrealized gain (loss) 

Other income (loss) 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income 

Net income per share, basic 

Net income per share, diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

25 

hopTo
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Shareholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Balance, value 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

Purchase of hopTo treasury stock 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance, value 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

26 

hopTo
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Changes in allowance for doubtful accounts 

Gain on sale of patents 
 - 

Unrealized (gain)/ loss from short-term investment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued wages 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of marketable securities 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of patents 
 - 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Purchase of hopTo treasury stock 
 
 - 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 - 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the year 

Cash, end of the year 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

27 

hopTo
Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

, which includes
deferred revenue of . Our ability to continue to generate net income and positive cash flows from operations is dependent on
our ability to continue to generate revenue from our legacy GO-Global business, which in turn is subject to a variety of risks. The Company
believes its current cash balances coupled with anticipated cash flow from operating activities will be sufficient to meet its working
capital requirements for at least one year from the date of the issuance of the accompanying financial statements. The Company continues
to control its cash expenses as a percentage of expected revenue on an annual basis and thus may use its cash balances in the short-term
to invest in revenue growth. Based on current internal projections, the Company believes it has and/or will generate sufficient cash
for its operational needs, for at least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying financial statements. Management is focused
on growing the Company s existing product offering, as well as its customer base, to increase its revenues. The Company cannot
give assurance that it can increase its cash balances or limit its cash consumption and thus maintain sufficient cash balances for its
planned operations or future acquisitions. Future business demands may lead to cash utilization at levels greater than recently experienced.
The Company may need to raise additional capital in the future. However, the Company cannot assure that it will be able to raise additional
capital on acceptable terms, or at all. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

and , respectively. 

on the Company s balance
sheet relating to the leases as of January 1, 2022. The adoption of the standard did not have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows. 

- 

Operating lease liability, current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liability, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 years 

weighted-average discount rate 

. The Company recorded depreciation of 
and during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and 
of sales and four resellers that represented , , ,
and 
of accounts receivable, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had one reseller that represented more than 
of sales and three resellers that represented , ,
and 
of accounts receivable, respectively. For the purposes of this description, sales refers to the dollar value of orders
received from these customers and partners in the period indicated. The sales values do not necessarily equal recognized revenue for
these periods due to our revenue recognition policies which require deferral of revenue associated with prepaid software service
fees. The loss of one of these resellers would not have a material impact as the Company could take over the end customer
relationship. 

outstanding in-the-money warrants, were included in the
computation of diluted net income (loss) per share using the Treasury Stock Method. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had total common stock equivalents of and shares, respectively, which excluded from the computation of net income
per share because they are anti-dilutive. 

Professional services 

Other 

Total 

shares
of common stock, stock appreciation rights, or restricted stock in accordance with the terms of the 12 Plan. 

In
the case of a restricted stock award, the entire number of shares subject to such award would be issued at the time of the grant and
subject to vesting provisions based on time or other conditions specified by the Board or an authorized committee of the Board. For awards
based on time, should the grantee s service to the Company end before full vesting occurred, all unvested shares would be forfeited
and returned to the Company. In the case of awards granted with vesting provisions based on specific performance conditions, if those
conditions were not met, then all shares forfeited and returned to the Company. Until forfeited, all shares issued under a restricted
stock award were considered outstanding for dividend, voting and other purposes. 

Under
the 12 Plan, the exercise price of non-qualified stock options granted is to be no less than of the fair market value of the Company s
common stock on the date the option is granted. The exercise price of incentive stock options granted was not to be no less than 
of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date the option was granted provided, however, that if the recipient
of the incentive stock option owns greater than of the voting power of all shares of the Company s capital stock then the exercise
price would be no less than of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date the option is granted. The
purchase price of the restricted stock issued under the 12 Plan shall also was not to not be less than of the fair market value
of the Company s common stock on the date the restricted stock was granted. 

All
options granted under the 12 Plan were immediately exercisable by the optionee; however, there was a vesting period for the options.
The options (and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such options) vest, ratably, over a 33-month period; however,
no options (and the underlying shares of common stock) vest until after three months from the date of the option grant. The exercise
price was immediately due upon exercise of the option. The maximum term of options issued under the 12 Plan is ten years. Shares
issued upon exercise of options are subject to the Company s repurchase, which right lapses as the shares vest. The 12 Plan
terminated was on November 7, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there was 
shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the 12 Plan. 

Granted 
 - 

Forfeited/cancelled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 

Forfeited/cancelled 

Exercised 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrants 

During
 both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock and had 
warrants outstanding. The warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 are all exercisable at and
have an expiration date of . 

Granted 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Brazil 

Japan 

Other Countries 

Total 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 

Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Federal income tax (benefit) at statutory rate 

State income tax (benefit) at statutory rate 

Stock-based compensation NQ cancellations 
 - 

Meals and entertainment 

Change in valuation allowance 

Adjustments and NOL expirations 

Provision (benefit) for income tax 
 - 
 - 

Tax credit carryforwards 

Compensation expense non-qualified stock options 
 - 

Deferred revenue and maintenance service contracts 

Reserves and other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liability depreciation, amortization and capitalized software 
 - 

Net deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

For
financial reporting purposes, with the exception of recent years, the Company has incurred a loss in each year since inception.
Based on the available objective evidence, and considering all available positive and negative evidence, including but not limited
to projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies and results of operations, management believes it is more likely than
not that the net deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance
against its net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The net change in the valuation allowance was decreased by 
and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million
of federal net operating loss carryforwards and approximately 
million of California state net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income. The federal loss
carryforwards began to and the California state loss carry forwards begin to . Under the Tax Reform Act of 1986, the amount of benefits from net operating loss carryforwards may be impaired or
limited if the Company incurs a cumulative ownership change of more than ,
as defined, over a three-year period. The Company is subject to U.S. federal and state tax examinations by tax authorities for years
2018 through present. As of December 31, 2022, there are no pending tax examinations. Uncertain tax positions to
disclose. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 
 million of federal research and development tax
credits that began to . 

per month. 

Rent
expense aggregated approximately and
 for years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: Lease imputed interest 

Total 

Contingencies 

Under
its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws and certain agreements with officers and
directors, the Company has agreed to indemnify its officers and directors for certain events or occurrences arising as a result of the
officer s or director s serving in such capacity. Generally, the term of the indemnification period is for the officer s
or director s lifetime. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification
agreements is limited as the Company currently has a directors and officers liability insurance policy that limits its exposure and enables
it to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company believes the estimated fair value of these indemnification agreements
is minimal and has no liabilities recorded for these agreements as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company enters into indemnification provisions under (i) its agreements with other companies in its ordinary course of business, including
contractors and customers and (ii) its agreements with investors. Under these provisions, the Company generally indemnifies and holds
harmless the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party as a result of the Company s activities
or, in some cases, as a result of the indemnified party s activities under the agreement. These indemnification provisions often
include indemnifications relating to representations made by the Company with regard to intellectual property rights, and often survive
termination of the underlying agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under
these indemnification provisions is unlimited. The Company has not incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related
to these indemnification agreements. As a result, the Company believes the estimated fair value of these agreements is minimal. Accordingly,
the Company has no liabilities recorded for these agreements as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company s software license agreements also generally include a performance guarantee that the Company s software products
will operate substantially as described in the applicable program documentation for a period of 90 days after delivery. The Company also
generally warrants that services that the Company performs will be provided in a manner consistent with reasonably applicable industry
standards. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs associated with these warranties and has no liabilities recorded
for these agreements as of December 31, 2022. 

Profit
Sharing Plans 

The
Company has adopted a 401(k) plan to provide retirement benefits for employees under which the Company makes discretionary matching contributions.
During December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company contributed a total of and , respectively. 

37 

Item
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

Item
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that
we file under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the Security and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer),
as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and
procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer,
we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under
the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim
Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during
the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief
Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;
 and 

38 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
 with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material impact on the financial statements. 

Because
of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
includes using the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), an integrated framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, for the evaluation of internal control to identify the risks and control objectives related
to the evaluation of our control environment. 

Based
on our evaluation under the framework described above, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Our management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual
Report. 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to hopTo s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

hopTo
has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all its employees, including its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer.
hopTo will provide a copy of its Code of Ethics to any person without charge upon written request to: 

hopTo,
Inc.. 

 189
Main St., Suite 102 

 Concord,
NH 03301 

 Attn:
Chief Executive Officer 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to hopTo s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

39 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to hopTo s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to hopTo s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to hopTo s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
Financial Statements 

Our
financial statements as set forth in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K are hereby incorporated by reference. 

(b)
Exhibits 

The
following exhibits, which are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K, are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K or, as noted, incorporated by reference herein: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, as amended (1) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of GraphOn Corporation (19) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of hopTo Inc. (28) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of hopTo Inc. (31) 

3.5 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant (2) 

4.1 
 
 Form of certificate evidencing shares of common stock of Registrant (3) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant issued on September 1, 2011 (4) 

4.3 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated October 11, 2011 (5) 

4.4 
 
 Exercise Agreement, dated June 17, 2013 (including Allonge to 2011 warrants) (20) 

4.5 
 
 Form of New Warrant issued on June 17, 2013 (20) 

40 

4.6 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 17, 2013 (20) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant issued on January 7, 2014 (21) 

4.8 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 7, 2014 (21) 

4.9 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2018, by and between hopTo Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent (31) 

4.10 
 
 Description of the Capital Stock 

10.1 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement (1 of 2) with Eldad Eilam dated August 15, 2012 (15) 

10.2 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement (2 of 2) with Eldad Eilam dated August 15, 2012 (15) 

10.3 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement with Christoph Berlin dated August 15, 2012 (15) 

10.4 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement with Robert Dixon dated August 15, 2012 (15) 

10.5 
 
 Separation Agreement, dated April 12, 2012, between Registrant and Robert Dilworth (14) 

10.6 
 
 Release, dated April 12, 2012, between Registrant and Robert Dilworth (14) 

10.7 
 
 1998 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan of Registrant (7) 

10.8 
 
 Supplemental Stock Option Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2000 (7) 

10.9 
 
 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (8) 

10.10 
 
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, as Amended (9) 

10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 21, 2013, by and between Registrant and Eldad Eilam (16) 

10.12 
 
 Director Severance Plan (11) 

10.13 
 
 Key Employee Severance Plan (11) 

10.14 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 1, 2011 (4) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 1, 2011 (4) 

10.16(a) 
 
 Engagement Agreement, dated October 11, 2011, by and between Registrant and ipCapital Group, Inc. (5) 

10.16(b) 
 
 First Addendum to the Engagement Agreement by and between Registrant and ipCapital Group, Inc., dated as of November 7, 2011 (12) 

10.16(c) 
 
 Second Addendum to the Engagement Agreement by and between Registrant and ipCapital Group, Inc., dated as of November 14, 2011 (12) 

10.16(d) 
 
 Third Addendum to the Engagement Agreement by and between Registrant and ipCapital Group, Inc., dated as of January 20, 2012 (13) 

10.17 
 
 First Amendment to Office Lease between Registrant and CA-Pruneyard Limited Partnership, dated as of October 7, 2013 (27) 

41 

10.18 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated February 1, 2012, by and between Registrant and Steven Ledger/Tamalpais Partners LLC (22) 

10.19 
 
 Amendment to Consulting Agreement, by and between Registrant and Steven Ledger/Tamalpais Partners, LLC, dated August 1, 2013 (16) 

10.20 
 
 Intellectual Property Brokerage Agreement by and between Registrant and ipCapital Licensing Company I, LLC, dated as of February 4, 2013 (17) 

10.21 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated March 29, 2013, by and between Registrant and Gordon Watson (23) 

10.22 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated November 18, 2013, by and between Registrant and ipCreate, Inc. (24) 

10.23 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 7, 2014 (21) 

10.24 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated March 17, 2014, by and between Registrant and Steven Ledger (25) 

10.25 
 
 Separation Agreement, dated March 12, 2014, by and between Registrant and Christoph Berlin (25) 

10.26 
 
 Employment Letter dated April 30, 2014 and executed May 5, 2014 between Registrant and Jean-Louis Casabonne (26) 

10.27 
 
 Sublease dated August 11, 2015, by and between Registrant and CDNetworks (32) 

10.28 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2015 (29) 

10.29 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2015 (29) 

10.30 
 
 Lease Agreement effective October 1, 2015 between the Registrant and Heritage Village Offices (30) 

10.31 
 
 Patent Purchase Agreement dated October 10, 2017 (33) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (6) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

31 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

32 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (furnished, not filed) 

101 
 
 The
 following financial information from Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, formatted
 in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, (ii) Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity
 (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December
 31, 2018 and 2017, (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (18) 

Management
or compensatory plan or arrangement 

(1) 
 Filed
 on April 2, 2007 as an exhibit to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2006, and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(2) 
 Filed
 on March 31, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(3) 
 Filed
 on September 19, 1996 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 (File No. 333-11165) 

,
 
 (4) 
 Filed
 on September 8, 2011 as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. (File number
 000-21683) 

(5) 
 Filed
 on October 13, 2011 as an exhibit to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. (File number
 000-21683) 

(6) 
 Filed
 on March 30, 2004 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(7) 
 Filed
 on June 23, 2000 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8, and incorporated herein by reference.
 (File number 333-40174) 

(8) 
 Filed
 on November 25, 2005 as an exhibit to the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the Registrant s 2005 Annual Meeting,
 and incorporated herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

42 

(9) 
 Filed
 on September 29, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 and incorporated herein by reference.
 (File No. 333-177069) 

(10) 
 Reserved. 

(11) 
 Filed
 on November 14, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September
 30, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(12) 
 Filed
 on November 23, 2011 as an exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 333-177073) 

(13) 
 Filed
 on February 14, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. (File
 number 000-21683) 

(14) 
 Filed
 on May 21, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2012,
 and incorporated herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(15) 
 Filed
 on November 14, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly reporting period ended
 September 30, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(16) 
 Filed
 on August 27, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 21, 2013, and incorporated herein
 by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(17) 
 Filed
 on February 19, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated herein by reference. (File
 number 000-21683) 

(18) 
 Submitted
 electronically with the original Form 10-K. 

(19) 
 Filed
 on September 10, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated September 9, 2013, and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(20) 
 Filed
 on June 24, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 17, 2013, and incorporated herein
 by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(21) 
 Filed
 on January 13, 2014 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 7, 2014, and incorporated herein
 by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(22) 
 Filed
 on April 16, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(23) 
 Filed
 on April 3, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated March 29, 2013, and incorporated herein
 by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(24) 
 Filed
 on December 12, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 11, 2013, and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(25) 
 Filed
 on March 18, 2014 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated March 12, 2014, and incorporated herein
 by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(26) 
 Filed
 on May 12, 2014 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated March 9, 2014, and incorporated herein
 by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(27) 
 Filed
 on March 31, 2014 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(28) 
 Filed
 on February 1, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 27, 2016, and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(29) 
 Filed
 on July 30, 2015 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated July 24, 2015, and incorporated herein
 by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(30) 
 Filed
 on September 10, 2015 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 (File No. 333-206861) 

(31) 
 Filed
 on February 16, 2018 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 16, 2018 and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(32) 
 Filed
 on March 30, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(33) 
 Filed
 on April 1, 2019 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated
 herein by reference. (File number 000-21683) 

(c)
Financial Statement Schedule 

Not
applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

hopTo
 Inc. 

April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jonathon R. Skeels 

Jonathon
 R. Skeels 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jonathon R. Skeels 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Jonathon
 R. Skeels 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Richard S. Chernicoff 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Richard
 S. Chernicoff 

/s/
 Thomas C. Stewart 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 C. Steward 

44 

<EX-4.10>
 2
 ex4-10.htm

Exhibit
4.10 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

DESCRIPTION
OF OUR CAPITAL STOCK 

The
following description of our Capital Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety
by reference to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and
Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Common
Stock 

We
are currently authorized to issue up to 195,000,000 shares of our common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, 0.01 par value. As of March 31, 2023 18,826,342 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding, and held of record by
approximately 48 persons, and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 

Holders
of shares of our common stock are entitled to such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the board in its discretion, on
a ratable basis, out of funds legally available therefrom, and to a pro rata share of all assets available for distribution upon liquidation,
dissolution or other winding up of our affairs. All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

On
January 27, 2016, we filed an amendment of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to effect a 1-for-15 reverse
stock split of our common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split became effective in the stock market
upon commencement of trading on January 28, 2016. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every 15 shares of our pre-Reverse Stock Split
common stock were combined and reclassified into one share of our common stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the
Reverse Stock Split, and cash paid to stockholders for potential fractional shares was insignificant. The number of shares of common
stock subject to outstanding options, restricted stock units, warrants and convertible securities were also reduced by a factor of 15
as of January 27, 2016. All historical share and per share amounts reflected throughout this prospectus have been adjusted to reflect
the Reverse Stock Split. The authorized number of shares and the par value per share of our common stock were not affected by the Reverse
Stock Split. 

Warrants 

We
have issued and outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate 248,216 of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. The
warrants expire on May 21, 2023. The exercise price of the warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, such
as a split or combination of our common stock or a reorganization or merger to which we are a party. Holders of our outstanding warrants
will receive one right in this offering for each of the shares of common stock into which each warrant would otherwise be exercisable
as set forth on the face of the warrants held by each holder. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
certificate of incorporation permits us to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and with rights and
preferences that may be fixed or designated by our board of directors without any further action by our stockholders. On February 16,
2018, in connection with the adoption of the Rights Agreement, we filed a Certificate of Designation authorizing 500,000 shares of Series
A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. We currently have no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

Subject
to the limitations prescribed in our certificate of incorporation and under Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation authorizes
our board of directors, from time to time by resolution and without further stockholder action, to provide for the issuance of shares
of preferred stock, in one or more series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and other rights of the shares and to fix
the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof. Although our board of directors has no present intention to issue any additional
preferred stock, the issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock, including with respect
to voting, dividends and liquidation, by issuing shares of preferred stock with certain voting, conversion and/or redemption rights.
Such issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Charter Documents 

The
following is a summary of certain provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws. This summary does not
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the corporate law of Delaware and our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws. 

Board
of Directors; Removal. Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, the number of directors is fixed by our board of directors.
Our directors each serve one-year terms. Vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of
the board of directors, even if less than a quorum, and a director may only be removed from office by stockholders upon the approval
of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at an election of directors. 

Stockholder
Meetings; Bylaws. Our certificate of incorporation provides that any action taken by our stockholders must be effected at an annual
or special meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by written consent instead of a meeting. In addition, our certificate of incorporation
provides that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the board of directors or the holders of at least 50 of the outstanding
shares of capital stock. Our bylaws may be amended either by the board of directors or the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the entitled
to vote at an election of directors. 

Rights
Agreement. On February 16, 2018, the Company entered into a Rights Agreement with American Stock Transfer Trust, LLC, as rights
agent. In connection with the adoption of the Rights Agreement, each stockholder of the Company as of February 26, 2018 received one
right for each outstanding share of common stock, which entitles the stockholder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a
share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per one one-thousandth
of Preferred Stock. The Rights Agreement, as amended on November 2, 2018, effectively imposes a significant penalty upon any person or
group that acquires 4.9 or more of the shares of Common Stock without the approval of the Board. As a result, the overall effect of
the Rights Agreement and the issuance of the Rights may be to render more difficult or discourage a merger, tender or exchange offer
or other business combination involving the Company that is not approved by the Board. 

Limitation
of Liability 

As
permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors shall
not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability: 

for any breach of the director s
 duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

for acts or omissions not
 in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

under section 174 of the
 Delaware law, relating to unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock purchases or redemption of stock; and 

for any transaction from
 which the director derives an improper personal benefit. 

As
a result of this provision, we and our stockholders may be unable to obtain monetary damages from a director for breach of his or her
duty of care. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides for the indemnification of our directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by, and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Delaware law. 

Delaware
Anti-Takeover Law 

We
are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Section 203 generally prohibits a public Delaware corporation from
engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date
of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless: 

prior to the date of the
 transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted
 in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon consummation of the
 transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of
 the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the
 number of shares outstanding (a) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and (b) shares owned by employee stock
 plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will
 be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or subsequent to the
 date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting
 of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66-2/3 of the outstanding voting stock which is
 not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Section
203 defines a business combination to include: 

any merger or consolidation
 involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any sale, transfer, pledge
 or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation; 

subject to exceptions,
 any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder;
 and 

the receipt by the interested
 stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 

In
general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the corporation or any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

Subsidiary Name 
 
 State or Country of 
 Incorporation or Jurisdiction 
 
 Name Under Which Business is 
 Conducted 
 
 GraphOn Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 GraphOn Corporation 
 
 GraphOn NES Sub LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 GraphOn Corporation 
 
 GraphOn Research Labs Limited 
 
 Israel 
 
 GraphOn Research Labs Limited 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31>
 4
 ex31.htm

Exhibit 31 

I, Jonathon Skeels, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of hopTo Inc. registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or person performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Jonathon Skeels 

Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex32.htm

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of hopTo Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathon Skeels, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jonathon Skeels 

Jonathon Skeels 

Chief Executive Officer Interim Chief Financial Officer 

April 14, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hpto-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hpto-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hpto-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hpto-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

