<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1174940_0001493152-23-012617.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7292410</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>674520</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1195829</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2890107</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1043255</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1270960</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012617.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417172906
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012617
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ORAGENICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001174940
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				593410522
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32188
		FILM NUMBER:		23824899

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4902 EISENHOWER BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 125
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33634
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8132867900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4902 EISENHOWER BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 125
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33634

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012617.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from__________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

., , 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

- 

 (Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

AMERICAN 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, was approximately 
computed based upon a last sales price of 21.00 as reported by the NYSE American as of June 30, 2022. 

As of April 14, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Common stock outstanding. 

Note
Regarding Reverse Stock Splits 

We
filed an amendment to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida to
effect a reverse split of our authorized and outstanding common stock at a ratio of one for sixty effective January 20, 2023. All historical share and per
share amounts reflected in this report have been adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS 
 i 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 77 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 77 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 77 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 77 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 78 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 RESERVED 
 78 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 79 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 91 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 91 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 91 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 92 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 94 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 94 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 95 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 99 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 112 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 114 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 115 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 116 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 116 

SIGNATURES 
 117 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 F-2 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 F-3 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 F-4 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 F-5 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 F-6 
 
 CONSOLIDATED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-7 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS AND CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS 

This
report, along with other documents that are publicly disseminated by us, contains or might contain forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements included in this report
and in any subsequent filings made by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC other than statements of
historical fact, that address activities, events or developments that we or our management expect, believe or anticipate will or may
occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These statements represent our reasonable judgment on the future based on various
factors and using numerous assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our
actual results and financial position to differ materially. We claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements
provided in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.
Examples of forward-looking statements include: (i) projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items, (ii)
statements of our plans and objectives, (iii) statements of expected future economic performance, and (iv) assumptions underlying statements
regarding us or our business. Forward-looking statements can be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking language,
such as believes, expects, estimates, may, will, should, 
 could, seeks, plans, intends, anticipates or scheduled to 
or the negatives of those terms, or other variations of those terms or comparable language, or by discussions of strategy or other intentions. 

Forward-looking
statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially
from those contemplated by the statements. The forward-looking information is based on various factors and was derived using numerous
assumptions. Important factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different from the forward-looking statements include
the following risks and other factors discussed under the Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These
factors include: 

We
 have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and cannot assure you that we will generate revenues or achieve profitability; 

We
 will need to raise additional capital to continue to implement our business strategy and we may not be able to do so; 

Our
 financial capacity and performance, including our ability to obtain funding, non-dilutive or otherwise, necessary to do the research,
 development, manufacture and commercialization of any one or all of our product candidates; 

The
 timing, progress and results of clinical trials of our product candidates, including statements regarding the timing of initiation
 and completion of pre-clinical studies or clinical trials or related preparatory work, the period during which the results of the
 trials will become available and our research and development programs; 

The
 timing of any submission of filings for regulatory approval of our product candidates and our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory
 approvals for our product candidates for any indication; 

Our
 expectations regarding the potential benefits, activity, effectiveness and safety of our product candidates including as to administration,
 distribution and storage; 

Our
 expectations regarding the size of the patient populations, market acceptance and opportunity for and clinical utility of our product
 candidates, if approved for commercial use; 

Our
 manufacturing capabilities and strategy, including the scalability and commercial viability of our manufacturing methods and processes,
 and those of our contractual partners; 

Our
 expectations regarding the scope of any approved indications for our product candidates; 

Our
 ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates; 

The
 potential benefits of, and our ability to maintain, our relationships and collaborations with the NIAID, the NIH, the NRC and other
 potential collaboration or strategic relationships; 

Our
 ability to use our lantibiotic platform to develop future product candidates; 

i 

Our
 estimates of our expenses, ongoing losses, future revenue, capital requirements and our needs for or ability to obtain additional
 funding, including any application for future grants or funding; 

Our
 ability to identify, recruit and retain key personnel and consultants; 

Our
 ability to obtain, retain, protect and enforce our intellectual property position for our product candidates, and the scope of such
 protection; 

Our
 ability to advance the development of our new NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate under the timelines and in accord with the milestones
 projected; 

Our
 inability to achieve success in our identification of lantibiotic homologs or the manufacture and nonclinical testing of our lantibiotic
 product candidates; 

Our
 need to comply with extensive and costly regulation by worldwide health authorities, who must approve our product candidates prior
 to substantial research and development and could restrict or delay the future commercialization of certain of our product candidates; 

Our
 ability to successfully complete pre-clinical and clinical development of, and obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates
 and commercialize any approved products on our expected timeframes or at all; 

The
 safety, efficacy and benefits of our product candidates; 

The
 content and timing of submissions to and decisions made by the FDA, other regulatory agencies and nongovernmental bodies and actors,
 such as investigational review boards; 

The
 effects of government regulation and regulatory developments, and our ability and the ability of the third parties with whom we engage
 to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; 

The
 capacities and performance of our suppliers and manufacturers and other third parties over whom we have limited control; 

Our
 ability to maintain our listing on the NYSE American and the effects of our 1 for 60 reverse stock split on our price per share and
 the trading market of our common stock; 

The
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition and business operations and our ability to continue research and development
 for existing product candidates on previously-projected timelines or in accord with ordinary practices, as well as the broader governmental,
 global health and macro- and microeconomic responses to and consequences of the pandemic; 

We
 may be adversely impacted by any significant broad-based financial crises and its impact on consumers, retailers and equity and debt
 markets as well as our inability to obtain required additional funding to conduct our business; 

As
 a public company, we must implement additional and expensive finance and accounting systems, procedures and controls as we grow our
 business and organization to satisfy reporting requirements, which add to our costs and require additional management time and resources; 

Our
 competitive position and the development of and projections relating to our competitors or our industry; and 

The
 impact of laws and regulations, including those that may not yet exist. 

We
caution investors that actual results or business conditions may differ materially from those projected or suggested in forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors including, but not limited to, those described above and in the Risk Factors section of this
report. We cannot assure you that we have identified all the factors that create uncertainties. Moreover, new risks emerge from time
to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all risks on our business or
the extent to which any risk, or combination of risks, may cause actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake
no obligation to publicly release the result of any revision of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date they are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

This
description contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain of the risks set forth herein. We assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements contained herein. 

Overview 

We
are a development-stage company dedicated to the research and development of potential therapies to fight infectious diseases including
coronaviruses and multidrug-resistant organisms. Our lead product (NT-CoV2-1) is an intranasal vaccine candidate to prevent coronavirus
disease COVID-19 from the SARS-CoV-2 virus and variants thereof. The NT-CoV2-1 program leverages coronavirus spike protein
research licensed from the National Institutes of Health and the National Research Council of Canada with a focus on reducing viral transmission
and offering a more patient-friendly intranasal administration. Our proprietary lantibiotics program features a novel class of antibiotics
against bacteria our research has shown may be applicable to multiple antibiotic-resistant organisms. 

Our
SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine Product Candidate NT-CoV2-1 

Following
our May 2020 acquisition of one hundred percent (100 of the total issued and outstanding common stock of Noachis Terra, Inc. Noachis
Terra we are focused on the development and commercialization of a vaccine product candidate to provide long-lasting immunity
from SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19. Noachis Terra is a party to a worldwide, nonexclusive intellectual property and biological materials
license agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases NIAID ), an institute within the National
Institutes of Health NIH ), relating to certain research, patent applications and biological materials involving pre-fusion
stabilized coronavirus spike proteins and their use in the development and commercialization of a vaccine to provide specific, long lasting
immunity from SARS-CoV-2. Since the acquisition we have conducted testing in animal models, including SARS-CoV-2 challenge studies in
hamsters, using specific formulations for intramuscular administration (our Terra CoV-2 vaccine candidate) and intranasal administration
(our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine candidate), both based on the NIAID pre-fusion stabilized spike protein antigens. Following consideration of a
number of factors, including but not limited to the competitive landscape, we determined to bring the intranasal vaccine candidate NT-CoV2-1
into further development due to the greater differentiation versus current COVID-19 vaccines and the potential benefits of intranasal
over intramuscular administration. We believe these benefits could include a higher reduction of transmission of SARS-CoV-2 and would
offer a needle-free delivery option. We therefore are currently focusing our development efforts on our more highly differentiated NT-CoV2-1
vaccine candidate. 

On
July 26, 2021, we entered into a licensing agreement with the National Research Council of Canada NRC that enables us
to pursue the development of next-generation vaccines against the SARS-CoV-2 virus and its variants. The license was subsequently amended
to include the Omicron variant, broaden the non-exclusive field of use to include all diseases caused by coronaviruses and any genetic
variants thereof, add research protocol developed by the NRC, and add reagents as part of the NRC technologies licensed by us. We extended
the license in April 2022. The NRC technologies, in combination with the licensed technologies from the U.S. NIH used in our NT-CoV2-1
vaccine candidate, provide us with a platform that can generate cell lines for high-yield production of spike protein antigens for existing
and emerging variants of concern. This platform should allow production of cell lines within six to eight weeks of spike gene sequence
availability, compared with six to nine months for traditional production of such cell lines. The NRC technologies, developed with support
from the NRC s Pandemic Response Challenge Program, are expected to enable expedited evaluation of SARS-CoV-2 antigen candidates
in pre-clinical and clinical studies. 

Coronaviruses
are a family of viruses that can lead to upper-respiratory infections in humans. Recent clinical reports also suggest that the SARS-CoV-2
virus can affect other body-systems, including the nervous, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal and renal systems. Among the recent iterations
of coronaviruses to move from animal to human carriers is SARS-CoV-2, which, beginning in Wuhan, China, in late 2019, caused a global
pandemic due to its rapid spread and the relatively high mortality rate (as compared to the seasonal influenza). Pfizer-BioNTech received
approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for their COVID-19 vaccines in August of 2021 and the Moderna
vaccine in January 2022. The Janssen vaccine is currently available in the United States under Emergency Use Authorizations EUA by the FDA. In July 2022, the FDA granted EUA for the Novavax COVID-19 vaccine as well. Current vaccines have reduced the rates of hospitalization
and death due to COVID-19 in vaccinated individuals, but the transmission levels, even in vaccinated individuals, has allowed SARS-CoV-2
variants to continue to circulate. We believe, given the size of the worldwide spread of COVID-19, that even with additional vaccines
available, there will be demand for the highly differentiated NT-CoV2-1 vaccine once development is successfully completed. We intend
to combine the research, patent applications and biological materials covered by our NIAID license with our NRC license and our existing
clinical research and manufacturing capabilities to respond to this ongoing, global, public health issue. We believe our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine
holds the possibility of playing an important role in addressing this issue. 

1 

Coronaviruses,
such as SARS-CoV-2, possess signature protein spikes on their outer capsule. Our NIAID license covers patents and data on a vaccine candidate
that were created based on a stabilized pre-fusion spike trimeric protein. By stabilizing the spike protein in the pre-fusion state,
the number of immunogenic centers is increased thereby allowing for a greater likelihood of successful antibody binding, resulting in
an improved immunogenic response. Spike protein antigens stabilized in the pre-fusion state have been used successfully in the leading
COVID-19 vaccines from Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna, which we believe reduces the risk of using the same approach in our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine
candidate. The genetic code, acquired from the NIH, for the stabilized pre-fusion spike protein was provided to Aragen Bioscience, Inc. Aragen for the purpose of insertion of the spike protein gene sequence into a Chinese Hamster Ovary CHO cell line. Aragen is a leading contract research organization focused on accelerating pre-clinical biologics product development, has
extensive experience building CHO cell lines for recombinant proteins, such as monoclonal antibodies. Aragen successfully inserted the
NIH pre-fusion spike protein gene sequence into a CHO cell line and we are currently producing Phase 1 clinical material based upon this
cell line. 

We
entered into both a material transfer agreement and a non-exclusive research license agreement with Inspirevax Inc. for the use of intranasal
mucosal adjuvants in our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine candidates. Regarding the intranasal mucosal adjuvants of interest, BDX300 and BDX301 are
proteosome-based adjuvants comprised of proteins and lipopolysaccharides with improved attributes including enhanced immune response,
manufacturing efficiency and the benefits of intranasal vaccine administration. More recently, we entered an exclusive global license
agreement with Inspirevax for its BDX301 adjuvant. These agreements allow for collaboration and research regarding the intranasal delivery
of the vaccine during clinical development with the opportunity to enter into a commercial agreement upon regulatory approval of the
intranasal vaccine. In particular, under the exclusive license agreement, we will be forming a joint committee with Inspirevax to oversee
the clinical development efforts collaboratively. The NT-CoV2-1 vaccine containing Inspirevax s intranasal mucosal adjuvant BDX301
has been studied in pre-clinical animal studies, including hamster viral challenge studies and mouse immunogenicity studies. A rabbit
toxicology study has been initiated and is required for regulatory approval prior to the Phase 1 clinical study. 

We
began pre-clinical studies in June of 2021 through our collaboration and material transfer agreement with the NRC. We initiated an immunogenicity
study in mice to evaluate several adjuvant candidates. On August 30, 2021, we announced the successful completion of these mouse immunogenicity
studies that supported further development using either the intramuscular or intranasal routes of administration. A hamster challenge
study was initiated in September of 2021 to assess inhibition of viral replication using adjuvants specific for intramuscular and intranasal
administration. In December of 2021, we announced that both formulations generated robust immune responses and reduced the SARS-CoV-2
viral loads to undetectable levels in the nasal passages and lungs five days following a viral challenge. By contrast, hamsters in the
control groups that had received saline or adjuvants alone had no detectable immune response and substantial viral loads. The vaccines
delivered by intranasal and intramuscular routes generated immune responses as measured by multiple assays. On June 14, 2022, we announced
that the results of these studies were published in Scientific Reports , a Nature journal. 

In
March 2022, following a positive assessment of a rabbit-based pilot study, we initiated a Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) toxicology study
to evaluate the safety profile and immunogenicity of NT-CoV2-1 in rabbits. This important preclinical study is designed to provide data
required to advance our intranasal vaccine candidate into human clinical studies. We announced favorable preliminary results in August
2022 and, as of December 2022, the study has concluded and we completed the full set of toxicology data, which is needed to support the
filing of an Investigational New Drug IND application for NT-CoV2-1. Based on the findings of the final toxicology report,
including a full histopathology evaluation, we were able to confirm a safety and immunogenicity profile that further support our plan
to submit regulatory filings required to progress to a Phase 1 clinical study. 

While
we previously had a Type B Pre-IND Meeting with the FDA on our intramuscular vaccine product candidate, we again met with the FDA in
a Type B Pre-IND Meeting request to discuss our intranasal vaccine product candidate. As a result of this meeting, the FDA indicated
that we could file an IND application for NT-CoV2-1 following the availability of the final GLP toxicology report for inclusion in the
IND. 

We
believe the benefits of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate through its intranasal delivery mechanism to be: 

Targeted
 Mucosal Immunity Conventional injectable vaccines are poor inducers of mucosal immunity, whereas intranasal immunization
 can induce strong mucosal immunity by enhancing the immune response at the entry sites of mucosal pathogens. When the SARS-CoV-2
 virus enters the nasal cavity, the respiratory epithelial layer is the first barrier against viral infection. The intranasal route
 of vaccination provides two additional layers of protection over intramuscular shots because (i) it produces immunoglobulin A and
 resident memory B and T cells in the respiratory mucosa that are an effective barrier to infection at those sites, and (ii) cross-reactive
 resident memory B and T cells can respond earlier than other immune cells should a viral variant start an infection. 

2 

Needle-Free
 Administration As an obvious benefit, intranasal administration means needle-free delivery, resulting in meaningful differentiation
 for children and needle-phobic populations, improved compliance and the potential for self-administration. 

Storage
 Transport The currently available mRNA-based vaccines have been delivered globally via stringent storage and transport
 requirements that strain distribution logistics under the best of circumstances. A key benefit of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine candidate
 is a significantly reduced handling burden, allowing transport at a more manageable refrigeration temperature (5 C) that improves
 access globally including remote and under-vaccinated geographies. 

Durability
 Broad initial success with mRNA vaccines has significantly diminished COVID-19 s impact and death, but the trade-off
 has been fleeting efficacy. By benefitting from the immunological properties of the hybrid NIH/NRC construct, NT-CoV2-1 is potentially
 much more durable and long-lasting than currently available mRNA-based therapies. 

Through
assessment of a variety of factors, including our pre-clinical testing to date, the expected benefits noted above, and evolving variants
and available vaccines in use, we determined to focus our development efforts on the intranasal delivery of our vaccine product candidate,
NT-CoV2-1, which we believe is more highly differentiated than the currently available and late-stage COVID-19 vaccines. We are currently
evaluating formulation options and considering regulatory pathways to advance the program. In connection therewith, we are strategically
assessing multiple opportunities inclusive of further regulatory guidance and requirements, and the potential implications thereof. As
a result, we now anticipate being in a position to file an IND application in the United States and/or a Clinical Trial Application in
Canada and to thereafter commence a Phase 1 clinical study with NT-CoV2-1 in the back half of 2023. 

We
expect to use our currently available cash resources to continue to advance the development of NT-CoV2-1 through IND-enabling studies
and commencement of a Phase 1 clinical trial with further clinical development being contingent upon the receipt of additional funding,
including non-dilutive government grant funding which we continue to pursue or partnering or out-licensing opportunities. 

Our
Antibiotic Product Candidate Oragenics Derived Compound (ODC-x) 

Members
of our scientific team discovered that a certain bacterial strain of Streptococcus mutans, produces Mutacin 1140 (MU1140), a molecule
belonging to the novel class of antibiotics known as lantibiotics. Lantibiotics, such as MU1140, are highly modified peptide antibiotics
made by a small group of Gram-positive bacterial species. Over 60 lantibiotics have been discovered, to date. We believe lantibiotics
are generally recognized by the scientific community to be potent antibiotic agents. 

In
nonclinical testing, MU1140 has shown activity against all Gram-positive bacteria against which it has been tested, including those responsible
for a number of healthcare associated infections, or HAIs. A high percentage of hospital-acquired infections are caused by highly antibiotic-resistant
bacteria such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) or multidrug-resistant Gram-negative bacteria. We believe
the need for novel antibiotics is increasing as a result of the growing resistance of target pathogens to existing FDA approved antibiotics
on the market. 

Lantibiotics
have been difficult to investigate for their clinical usefulness as therapeutic agents in the treatment of infectious diseases due to
a general inability to produce or synthesize sufficient quantities of pure amounts of these molecules. Traditional fermentation methods
can only produce minute amounts of the lantibiotic. 

The
timing of the filing of an IND regarding any future lantibiotic candidate is subject to our having sufficient available human, material
and financing capital, which includes research subjects, both animal and human, given all of our anticipated needs and expected requirements
in connection with our ongoing research and development initiatives. We expect to seek to continue to advance our lantibiotics program
to an IND filing subject to the availability of both human and financial capital. Based upon the current funding, we expect to reduce
our focus on the identification of new potential product lantibiotic product candidates, efficient and cost-effective improvements in
the manufacturing processes and pre-clinical studies required to support a first in human Phase 1 clinical study until such time as we
raise additional capital. 

3 

In
October 2021, we were awarded a small business innovation research grant in the amount of 250,000 Computer-aided Design for
Improved Lantibiotics R41GM136034) for the Company s continued research and development of lantibiotics, including its collaborative
program with the Biomolecular Sciences Institute at Florida International University (FIU). The grant provides the Company with funding
to develop novel lantibiotics for the treatment of ESKAPE pathogens (defined as Enterococcus faecium, Staphylococcus aureus, Klebsiella
pneumoniae, Acinetobacter baumannii, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Enterobacter spp .). 

In
March 2023, we reported favorable findings from third party laboratory testing of several compounds in our lantibiotics platform to combat
multiple pathogens despite the resistance of those pathogens to standard-of-care antibiotics. Lantibiotics are a novel class of antibiotics
with the potential to treat serious, life-threatening infections. Through our platform, we have created more than 700 potential lantibiotic
structures. 

Our
lantibiotics platform is focused on the development of new antibiotics effective against certain pathogens including Enterococcus
faecium (VRE) and S taphylococcus aureus (MRSA) . This preclinical testing was conducted through our collaboration
with Linnaeus Bioscience Inc. 

Product
Candidates. 

Through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, Noachis Terra, we began the research and development stage for our new Terra CoV-2 and NT-CoV2-1 vaccine
product candidates. We hold a non-exclusive, worldwide intellectual property license agreement for certain research, patent applications
and biological materials relating to the use of pre-fusion coronavirus spike proteins for the development and commercialization of a
vaccine against SARS-CoV-2. We also hold a non-exclusive license with the NRC that enables us to pursue the rapid development of next-generation
vaccines against SARS-CoV-2 (the NIH License and its variants (the NRC License and an exclusive global
license with Inspirevax (the Inspirevax License and, together with the NIH License and NRC License, the License
Agreements ). 

Additionally,
we are developing semi-synthetic lantibiotic analogs that may be effective against systemic Gram-positive multidrug infections, and analogs
that may be effective in treating Gram-negative infections. We seek to protect our product candidates through patents and patent applications,
pursuant to the terms of the License Agreements. 

Product/Candidate 
 
 Description 
 
 Application 
 
 Status 
 
 NT-CoV2-1 
 
 Intranasal
vaccine candidate (plasmid + adjuvant) to provide long lasting immunity against SARS-CoV-2 
 
 Broad,
 community-based vaccine immunity against SARS-CoV-2 
 
 Pre-clinical 

Antibiotics 
 
 Semi-synthetic
 analogs of MU1140: Member of lantibiotic class of antibiotics 
 
 Healthcare-associated
 infections 
 
 Pre-clinical 

Our
Business Development Strategy 

Success
in the biopharmaceutical and product development industry relies on the continuous development of novel product candidates. Most product
candidates do not make it past the clinical development stage, which forces companies to look externally for innovation. Accordingly,
we expect, from time to time, to seek strategic opportunities through various forms of business development, which can include strategic
alliances, licensing deals, joint ventures, collaborations, equity or debt-based investments, dispositions, mergers and acquisitions.
We view these business development activities as a necessary component of our strategies, and we seek to enhance shareholder value by
evaluating business development opportunities both within and complementary to our current business, as well as opportunities that may
be new and separate from the development of our existing product candidates. 

4 

Our
SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine Product Candidate-NT-CoV2-1 

Market
Opportunity 

The
worldwide revenues for the Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna mRNA COVID-19 vaccines in 2022 were 37.8 billion and 18.4 billion, respectively.
In January 2023, the World Health Organization s estimates indicated that, as of January 8, 2023, the number of worldwide COVID-19
infections exceeded 659,000,000 and the number of deaths directly attributed to COVID-19 have exceeded 6,600,000. 

The
overall disease burden has continued to increase in the US despite 91 of those 65 years of older being fully vaccinated and 71 of those
5 years of age or older. Current vaccines have reduced the rates of hospitalization and death due to COVID-19 in vaccinated individuals,
but the transmission levels even in vaccinated individuals has allowed the SARS-CoV-2 variants to continue to circulate. We believe an
intranasally-administered vaccine against COVID-19 has the potential to reduce transmission more effectively than those delivered intramuscularly
because the intranasal is expected to induce mucosal immunity in the nose and throat, which are the early entry points for SARS-CoV-2.
The inclusion of COVID-19 vaccines in the routine childhood immunization schedule may be anticipated assuming COVID-19 enters an endemic
phase. Intranasal COVID-19 vaccines could play an important role in routine pediatric immunization since they create less anxiety in
needle-phobic children and can more easily fit into an increasingly crowded schedule of injected vaccines. 

COVID-19
disease epidemiology is closely monitored and, as such, recommendations as to vaccinations and treatments have been evolving accordingly.
The possibility of new COVID-19 variants, and the potential spread of such variants have altered the dynamics of disease spread and led
to the requirement of booster shots in the US and other countries to help facilitate control of the newer viral strains. 

Our
Strategy 

We
seek to continue developing the NT-CoV2-1 vaccine candidate to the point of entering into a licensing deal or strategic partnership.
In connection with the development of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine candidate, we expect to focus on differentiation of our vaccine product candidate
by using intranasal administration, which none of the currently available intramuscular vaccines can offer. We believe that development
of a vaccine that has differentiated attributes to those currently being used will be beneficial in helping to control the spread of
SARS CoV-2. We anticipate that the main use of NT-CoV2-1 will be as a booster dose for those already vaccinated with a different
COVID-19 vaccine, since the vaccination coverage rates in developed countries is already very high. A potential longer-term objective
would be to offer NT-CoV2-1 as an intranasal vaccine for the primary immunization of infants or children in the routine childhood immunization
schedule. 

Should
the spread of SARS-CoV-2 be controlled to such extent that it would potentially impact our efforts to commercialize our NT-CoV2-1 as
a vaccine candidate, we believe we could identify and pursue other vaccines to develop that are capable of preventing new infectious
disease threats. 

Regulatory 

We
held a pre-IND meeting with the FDA on our Terra CoV-2 vaccine candidate. The broad support for our approach by the FDA included a number
of activities, including: (i) use of the Research Cell Bank in the early manufacturing process development; (ii) Use of early pilot batch
manufacture under Good Manufacturing Processes (GMP) for the anticipated Phase 1 clinical trials; and, (iii) submission of draft toxicology
reports during IND filing. We have conducted the pre-clinical studies including the Syrian Hamster virus challenge study, the mouse immunogenicity
study with positive results for both the intramuscular formulation (Terra CoV-2) and the intranasal formulation (NT-CoV2-1). Due to the
potential for greater differentiation with the intranasal vaccine NT-Cov2-1, we are moving that candidate forward into a rabbit toxicology
study. Data from the hamster and mouse studies and the rabbit toxicology study will be submitted as part of the IND filing prior to initiation
of the Phase 1 human clinical trial for NT-CoV2-1. 

Manufacturing

The
creation of a stable pool Master Cell Bank is complete and GMP manufacturing of the bulk drug substance has been completed by our Phase
1 biologics contract development and manufacturing organization, Biodextris, Inc. Creation of the clonal Research Cell Bank, required
for later stage manufacturing, is completed and will be followed by manufacturing of the clonal Master Cell Bank prior to Phase 2 GMP
manufacturing. We use third-party suppliers for the development of our vaccine product candidate, including with respect to the manufacturing
of our vaccine candidate for use in pre-clinical studies and expected clinical trials. We enter into agreements with these third-party
suppliers as part of, and in connection with, our product development plans and timing. In order to have sufficient product available
for anticipated future clinical trials we need to enter into agreements with GMP certified manufactures that have the capability and
capacity to meet our expected product needs and timing in advance of when our actual needs will arise in order for us to be positioned
to continue development without delays due to the manufacturing process and capabilities of qualified manufacturers. 

In
March 2022 we entered into an agreement with KBI Biopharma, Inc. for the process transfer, process optimization and cGMP manufacturing
of our vaccine candidate in anticipation of a future Phase 2 clinical trial. This agreement obligates us to make certain payments to
KBI in connection with the manufacture of our vaccine product candidate based upon our current expected timing. If the timing of our
current development plans changes, we could be required to make additional payments to KBI associated with such delays and/or associated
with the cancellation of the agreement without achieving the benefits anticipated from the agreement. Additionally, a fill/finish, packaging
and labeling company has been identified to support the Phase 1 program and is scheduled for GMP manufacturing of clinical material in
2Q22. 

5 

Homologs
of MU1140 and Other Lantibiotics 

In
the course of research and development, MU1140 was found to be a potent antibiotic that is naturally produced by the parent of the SMaRT
strain. MU1140 shows antibacterial activity against all Gram-positive bacteria against which it has been tested, including those responsible
for a variety of multi-drug resistant organisms and healthcare-associated infections, or HAIs. 

We
intend to develop lantibiotics, a novel class of antibiotics, as active pharmaceutical ingredients toward the goal of commercialization
for the treatment of infectious diseases in humans, focusing on infections caused by the most dangerous bacteria identified by the WHO
and CDC priority list. Antibiotic resistance is spurred by overuse and misuse of antibiotics and worsened by the lack of scientific innovation.
The timing of the filing of an IND regarding homologs of MU1140 is subject to our having sufficient available capital given all of our
anticipated needs and expected requirements in connection with our ongoing research and development initiatives. We expect to seek to
continue to advance our lantibiotics program to an IND filing subject to the availability of both human and financial capital. Based
upon the current funding, we expect to reduce our focus on the identification of new potential product lantibiotic candidates, efficient
and cost-effective improvements in the manufacturing processes and pre-clinical studies required to support a first in human Phase 1
clinical study until such time as we raise additional capital. In addition, we have undertaken research programs to expand
our capabilities to improve the physical chemical characteristics (i.e., solubility and stability) of lantibiotics for use to treat systemic
Gram-positive infections and also exploring lantibiotics that may be efficient against Gram negative bacteria. 

Market
Opportunity 

Many
Gram-positive related HAIs are caused by drug-resistant bacteria, including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , or MRSA;
vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecalis , or VRE; and Clostridium difficile, or C. diff . According to the most
recent Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, CDC report on Antibiotic Resistance Threats in the US (2019), the
number of people facing antibiotic resistance in the United States is too high. More than 2.8 million antibiotic-resistant infections
occur in the United States each year, and more than 35,000 people die as a result. In addition, nearly 223,900 people in the United States
required hospital care for C. difficile and at least 12,800 people died in 2017. 

Antimicrobial
resistance is one of the greatest threats to global health. Without innovation, we risk falling into a post-antimicrobial era in which
minor infections will become life threatening, and routine medical procedures will be nearly impossible to perform. The World Health
Organization predicts that by 2050, antimicrobial resistance could cause 10 million deaths each year, surpassing the projected number
of deaths due to cancer. Notably, antimicrobials have a prominent role in the treatment of secondary bacterial infection complications
of viral respiratory infections, such as the novel coronavirus. 

The
literature review findings indicate that the cost of AMR across the globe is extremely high. The CDC estimated that the cost of antimicrobial
resistance is 55 billion every year in the United States, 20 billion for health care and about 35 billion for loss of productivity.
Recent research by the World Bank indicates that antimicrobial resistance would elevate the rate of poverty and impact low-income countries
compared to the rest of the world. Studies show that annual global GDP could decrease by approximately 1 and there would be a 5 7 
loss in developing countries by 2050. This percentage ultimately translates into 100-210 trillion. 

The
need for novel antibiotics is increasing but unfortunately, the worldwide rise of bacterial pathogens resistant to antibacterial agents
cannot be counteracted by the current low development pace of therapeutics with new mode(s) of action. While there are nearly 4,000 immuno-oncology
agents in development, only about 30 40 new antibacterial compounds are currently in the clinical trial phases of development,
and, notably, those candidates targeting World Health Organization (WHO) priority pathogens are derivatives of existing classes. Less
than 25 of current drugs in the clinical development pipeline represent a novel class or act through a novel mechanism, and none of
these are potentially active against Gram-negative ESKAPE or WHO critical threat pathogens. Only a small fraction of the antibiotics
approved over the past 40 years represents new compound classes, while the majority were derived from already known chemical structures,
and the most recent new class of antibiotics was discovered during the 1980s. According to Nature.com , no new class of Gram-negative
antibiotics has been launched for more than 50 years. 

Lantibiotics
such as MU1140 are highly modified peptide antibiotics made by a small group of Gram-positive bacterial species. Over 60 lantibiotics
have been discovered since the first lantibiotic, nisin, was discovered. Lantibiotics are generally known to be potent antibiotic agents;
however, attempts to investigate their clinical usefulness have generally met with failure due to the inability to produce sufficient
pure amounts of any of these molecules to be able to test them as a therapeutic agent for the treatment of infectious diseases. Standard
fermentation methods, such as those used to make a variety of other antibiotics, have historically resulted in the production of only
minute amounts of the lantibiotic. 

6 

Our
Solution 

To
develop homologs of MU1140 and, engineered in parallel, high producing strains to the point of partnership, and to develop additional
lantibiotics in connection with our work on MU1140. MU1140 has demonstrated activity against a wide variety of disease-causing Gram-positive
bacteria, including MRSA, VRE, and C. difficile . 

To
develop homologs of MU1140 paired with high producing strains to the point of partnership, and to develop additional lantibiotics in
connection with our work on MU1140. MU1140 has demonstrated activity against a wide variety of disease-causing Gram-positive bacteria,
including MRSA, VRE, C. difficile, Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Bacillus anthracis . 

To
develop new antibiotics effective against certain pathogens including Enterococcus faecium (VRE) and Staphylococcus aureus
 (MRSA) . 

Our
Strategy 

We
are developing and testing recombinantly derived homologs of the native MU1140 molecule and its chemical derivative with improved therapeutic
profiles and physical-chemical characteristics. The data generated over the past few years enabled us to engineer hundreds of homologs
of MU1140, and select those homolog candidates with improved profiles, including homologs of higher activity and stability, lower toxicity
and with a scalable manufacturability. The best homolog candidates were further developed internally and through the use of several Contract
Research Organizations CROs ). We believe that this strategy represented the best and most efficient path to produce sufficient
quantities of MU1140 homologs, to support continued research, selection of a lead candidate, nonclinical studies, clinical studies and
ultimately commercialization. We intend to continue to follow this proven discovery path to identify novel MU1140 derivatives to treat
other multi-drug resistant infections and HAIs. 

Regulatory
Status 

We
have performed nonclinical testing on MU1140 and several of its homologs, which has demonstrated the molecule s novel mechanism
of action. We expect to continue our research and pre-clinical development activities on derivatives of MU1140 subject to the availability
of adequate financing as we move towards the filing of an IND. 

Manufacturing 

While
we have been able to produce a significant increase in the fermentation titer of homologs of MU1140, we continue to work to improve on
the manufacturing through collaborations with fermentation and purification experts and third party CROs. We will need to further optimize
and scale up the production/purification scheme internally and through third party vendors. The need to examine many new homologs of
MU1140 has resulted in the need to reproduce the fermentation and purification steps on each individual homolog candidate being studied.
Each homolog requires different optimizations for both the fermentation, purification and chemical derivatization steps and in some cases
requires a new approach. As such, our work on the research and development of new lantibiotic homologs using genetically modified bacteria
continues. We believe these developments represent progress toward our goal of commercial production of sufficient quantities of our
MU1140 homologs and deliver a step in validating the lantibiotics platform targeting infectious diseases. 

We
are working with a third-party manufacturer to produce additional quantities of designated homologs, based upon the developments achieved
from our work with our outside contractors. The production of additional quantities of designated homologs, that are needed for the consummation
and pursuit of our nonclinical testing activities supporting the IND filing, are ongoing. We will continue to explore improved methods
of manufacturing and synthesis to improve our yields and ultimately, potentially reduce our cost of manufacture. 

7 

Our
License Agreements 

Our
NIH License Agreement 

Through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, Noachis Terra, we are party to a Patent License and Biological Materials License Agreement (the License
Agreement or NIH License ), dated March 23, 2020, with the United States Department of Health and Human Services
(the HHS ), as represented by the NIAID, an Institute of the NIH. Under the terms of the License Agreement, we hold a nonexclusive,
worldwide license to certain specified patent rights (including patent applications, provisional patent applications and Patent Cooperation
Treaty PCT patent applications) and biological materials relating to the use of prefusion coronavirus spike proteins
to exploit products Licensed Products and practice processes Licensed Processes that are covered by the
licensed patent rights and biological materials for the purpose of developing and commercializing a vaccine product candidate for SARS-CoV-2.
The License Agreement is subject to certain statutory limits and reserved rights, as required under federal law and NIH requirements,
including the requirement to provide reasonable quantities of Licensed Products or materials made through the Licensed Processes for
NIH research and to manufacture Licensed Products or materials made through the Licensed Processes substantially in the United States.
We may not sublicense the intellectual property or biological materials licensed to us under the License Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, we must use reasonable commercial efforts to manufacture, practice or operate the Licensed Products and the
Licensed Processes, including adhering to a commercial development plan and achieving certain benchmarks. Additionally, following the
first commercial sale of any Licensed Products or the practice of any Licensed Processes, we must use reasonable commercial efforts to
make the Licensed Products and the Licensed Processes reasonably accessible to the United States public and reasonable quantities of
the Licensed Products and the Licensed Processes available to patient assistance program, among other educational support activities.
The NIAID has agreed to assume responsibility for the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of all patent applications and
patents covered by the licensed patent rights. 

Under
the terms of the License Agreement, the NIAID is entitled to receive a non-creditable, nonrefundable upfront license issue royalty (which
has already been paid), as well as reimbursement for our pro rata share of the NIAID s past and future patent prosecution-related
expenses. Additionally, the NIAID is entitled to receive nonrefundable minimum annual royalties, which increase each year after the first
commercial sale of any Licensed Products or the practice of any Licensed Processes, as well as benchmark royalties following our completion
of certain commercial development and sales-related benchmarks. The NIH is entitled to receive earned royalties on the annual net sales
of Licensed Products and the practice of any Licensed Processes (subject to certain reductions), at certain low- to mid-single digit
royalty rates, which rates vary based on the total amount of annual net sales and the geographic market in which those sales occur. We
must provide regular written reports to the NIAID on the development status of and royalty payments relating to the Licensed Products
and the Licensed Processes. 

We
must indemnify and hold the NIAID and its associates harmless from and against all liability and damages in connection with or arising
out of (a) the use or beneficial use of the Licensed Patent rights by us, our Directors, employees or third parties and (b) the design,
manufacture, distribution or use of any Licensed Products or Licensed Processes, including other products or processes developed in connection
with the Licensed Patent Rights. 

Unless
terminated earlier, the License Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (a) twenty (20) years from the first commercial sale where
no licensed patent rights exist or have ceased to exist or (b) the expiration of the last to expire of any licensed patent rights. At
this time, no patents covered by the licensed patent rights have been issued. We may terminate the License Agreement at any time, subject
to advance notice. Subject to certain cure and appeal rights, the NIAID may terminate or modify the License Agreement in the event of
a material breach or default, including, among others, the following: 

(i) 
 We
 become insolvent or the subject of a bankruptcy petition; 

(ii) 
 We
 fail to follow the commercial development plan, fail to achieve certain commercial development and sales-related benchmarks or cannot
 otherwise demonstrate progress toward a practical application of the Licensed Products or Licensed Processes; 

(iii) 
 We
fail to keep any Licensed Products or Licensed Processes reasonably available to the public following the commencement of commercial
use or fail to reasonably justify noncompliance with its domestic production obligation; 

(iv) 
 We
cannot reasonably satisfy public health and safety needs; or 

(v) 
 The
 NIAID determines termination or modification is necessary because we cannot meet federal public use regulatory requirements, as issued
 after the effective date of the License Agreement. 

8 

Our
NRC License Agreement 

On
July 26, 2021, we entered into a non-exclusive Technology License Agreement (the License Agreement with the NRC pursuant
to which the NRC granted us a license to use NRC s inventions, patents, trade secrets, know-how, copyright, biological material,
designs, and/or technical information created by or on behalf of the NRC (the NRC Technologies relating to the derivatives
of CHO 2353 TM Cell Line listed in the License Agreement (the Stable Cells to: (i) make, research, and develop SARS-CoV-2
spike protein manufactured by a Stable Cell (the Drug Substance within Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the European
Union and the United States (U.S.) (collectively the Territory (ii) file regulatory approval, export and sell the final
formulation of the Drug Substance Products and (iii) engage contractors to use the Stable Cells to make Drug Substance
or Products on our behalf to be used and sold, worldwide, by us. The License Agreement was subsequently amended to include the Delta
and Omicron variants. In addition, we subsequently amended the License Agreement to broaden the non-exclusive field of use to include
all diseases caused by coronaviruses and any genetic variants thereof. 

As
consideration for the grant of the license, we will pay to the NRC an annual (low five digits) license fee, with the initial portion
of the fee covering the first three years of the license. Additionally, we will pay certain milestone payments (a) upon transfer of each
Stable Cell listed in the Agreement and (b) with regard to each of the first three Products, (i) upon submission of the IND application
related thereto, (ii) upon dosing the first patient in a Phase 1 or Phase 2 clinical trial, (iii) upon dosing the first patient in a
Phase 3 clinical trial and (iv) upon first regulatory approval. Milestone payments range from the low five digits to high six digits.
In addition, Oragenics will pay a low single-digit royalty to the NRC for the sale of Products, based on sales revenue, commencing after
the first commercial sale. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, the NRC is required to bear the responsibility and pay the costs to obtain and maintain patents related to
the NRC Technologies in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, European Union, Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Australia, China, and India, and the
NRC shall use reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain those patents. Additional countries may be requested by us, in which event, the
NRC will file and maintain such patents, at our expense. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, we are required to indemnify and hold the NRC and its employees and agents harmless from and against all liability
and damages in connection with or arising out of all claims, demands, losses, damages, costs including solicitor and client costs, actions,
suits or proceedings brought by any third party that are in any manner based upon, arising out of, related to, occasioned by, or attributable
to the manufacturing, distribution, shipment, offering for sale, sale, or use of Products, services based on the NRC Technologies and
product liability and infringement of intellectual property rights other than copyright, if any, licensed under the License Agreement. 

Unless
terminated earlier, the License Agreement will terminate twenty (20) years from the effective date of the License Agreement. Either party
may terminate the License Agreement, by giving written notice to the other party, if the other party defaults or is in breach of the
License Agreement, provided that if the defaulting party cures the breach within 60 days after the notice is given, the License Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect. The NRC may terminate the License Agreement if we become bankrupt, or insolvent, or has a receiver
appointed to continue its operations, or passes a resolution for winding up. The License Agreement contains customary confidentiality
obligations. 

Our
Inspirevax License Agreement 

On
February 23, 2023, we entered into a Commercial License Agreement (the License Agreement with Inspirevax Inc. Inspirevax pursuant to which Inspirevax granted us an exclusive worldwide license to use Inspirevax s inventions, patents, trade secrets,
know-how, copyright, biological material, designs, and/or technical information created by or on behalf of Inspirevax (the Inspirevax
Technologies relating to its novel lipid-protein based intranasal adjuvants, to make, research, and develop an intra-nasal vaccine
in combination with an antigen Combination Product to be used in an intranasal vaccine for use against diseases caused
by coronaviruses and any genetic variants thereof to be sold by us. 

As
consideration for the grant of the license, we will pay an upfront signing fee of 50,000. We will be subject to certain milestone payments
as follows: (a) 75,000 upon our decision on an appropriate nasal spray device, (b) 100,000 upon a first patient being dosed in a phase
2a clinical trial, (c) 200,000 upon a first patient being dosed in a Phase 2b/3 clinical trial, (d) 800,000 upon a biologics License
Application being submitted to the FDA, (e) 400,000 upon first filing of marketing authorization outside of the United States, and 200,000
for each such additional filing up to five filings, (f) 2,000,000 upon first commercial sale in the United States, (g) 1,000,000 upon
first commercial sale in Europe, (h) 500,000 upon first commercial sale outside of United States and Europe and 250,000 for each other
country or region up to five. Additionally, during the term we will pay to Inspirevax a 7 royalty on net sales subject to certain gross
revenue limitations at which time the royalty will decrease to 4 . 

We
will be required to use our best efforts to develop a product using the Inspirevax technology including the following: (a) first subject
enrollment in first clinical study by December 31, 2023, (b) the first subject enrolled in a Phase 2a study by September 30, 2024, (c)
first subject enrolled in a phase 3 registration trial by December 31, 2026, and (d) first marketing approval application submitted by
June 30, 2028. 

9 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, Inspirevax is required to bear the responsibility and pay the costs to obtain and maintain patents related
to the Inspirevax Technologies. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, any and all intellectual property rights in any invention conceived, reduced to practice, or developed during
the Term of the License Agreement solely arising from or solely related to the Combination Product or the antigen will be owned by us,
and we will bear the responsibility and pay the costs to obtain and maintain patents related to these inventions. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, we are required to indemnify and hold Inspirevax and its employees and agents harmless from and against all
liability and damages in connection with or arising out of all claims, demands, losses, damages, costs including solicitor and client
costs, actions, suits or proceedings brought by any third party that are in any manner based upon, arising out of, related to, occasioned
by, or attributable to the manufacturing, distribution, shipment, offering for sale, sale, or use of Products, services based on the
Inspirevax Technologies and product liability and infringement of intellectual property rights other than copyright, if any, licensed
under the License Agreement. 

Unless
terminated earlier, the License Agreement will terminate the later of (i) twenty (20) years from the first commercial sale of a product,
(ii) the last date a product is covered by a valid patent claim, or (iii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity. We may terminate
the License Agreement, by giving thirty (30) days written notice to Inspirevax. Either party may terminate, if the other party defaults
or is in breach of the License Agreement, provided that if the defaulting party cures the breach within sixty (60) days after the notice
is given, the License Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. The License Agreement contains customary confidentiality obligations. 

The
companies formed a Joint Development Committee (JDC) comprising representatives of both companies to oversee the development efforts
collaboratively. Additionally, the agreement provides a certain period of time for the companies to expand their collaboration to pursue
the development of additional intranasal vaccine candidates using Inspirevax s adjuvants. 

Other
Product Candidates and Technologies 

We
have historically developed other product candidates and potential product candidates. For example, we developed a weight loss candidate,
LPT3-04, and a topical treatment to prevent dental carries which we refer to as SMaRT Replacement Therapy. We out licensed LPT3-04 to
a third party and continue to monitor our licensee s performance under the license. We do not expect the LPT3-04 license to have
a material effect on our business or operations. While we retain certain intellectual property rights with respect to homologs through
our (i) prior relationship with Texas A M University Systems and (ii) ILH Holdings (as assignee of Precigen) that could allow for
the continued research and development of compounds for the SMaRT replacement Therapy, we do not intend to pursue further development
of SMaRT Replacement Therapy and as such we do not consider these rights to be a material part of our business and operations. 

Government
Regulations 

In
the United States, foods (including dietary supplements), drugs (including biological products), medical devices, cosmetics, tobacco
products and radiation-emitting products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The FDC Act and other federal and state statutes
and regulations govern, among other things, the manufacture, distribution and sale of these products. These laws and regulations prescribe
criminal and civil penalties that can be assessed, and violation of these laws and regulations can result in enforcement action by the
FDA and other regulatory agencies. 

FDA
Regulation of Drugs-New Drug Approval Process 

Pharmaceutical
products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The FDC Act, and other federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among
other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution,
post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable
U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending
NDAs or Biologics License Applications BLA )s, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or
partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 

Pharmaceutical
product development for a new product or certain changes to an approved product in the United States typically involves the following
steps before a biological product or new drug may be marketed in the United States: 

pre-clinical
 laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice and Good Manufacturing
 Practice regulations; 

10 

submission
 to the FDA of an IND application for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trials may commence; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials in three phases, as described below, to establish the safety and efficacy of the
 drug for each indication according to Good Clinical Practices; 

submission
 of an NDA or BLA to the FDA for review; 

random
 inspections of clinical sites to ensure validity of clinical safety and efficacy data; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the drug is produced to assess compliance with
 current good manufacturing practices; 

FDA
 approval of the NDA or BLA; and 

payment
 of user and establishment fees, if applicable. 

Satisfaction
of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the
type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. 

Pre-clinical
tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics
and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the pre-clinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements,
including good laboratory practices. The results of pre-clinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other
information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long
term pre-clinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. 

A
30-day waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA
has neither commented on nor questioned the IND within this 30-day period, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. 

Clinical
trials involve the administration of the IND to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical
trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance with good clinical practice, or GCP, an international
standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators, and monitors;
as well as (iii) under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness
criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the
FDA as part of the IND. 

The
FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes
that the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial
patients. The trial protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an institutional
review board or IRB for approval. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently,
for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements, or may impose other conditions. 

Clinical
trials to support NDAs or BLAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap.
In Phase 1, after the initial introduction of the drug into healthy human subjects or patients, the drug is tested to assess metabolism,
pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, early evidence on effectiveness.
Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population to determine the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication,
dosage tolerance, and optimum dosage, and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a compound demonstrates evidence of
effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are undertaken to obtain the additional information
about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit
the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the drug.
In most cases the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug. A single
Phase 3 clinical trial with other confirmatory evidence may be sufficient in rare instances where the trial is a large multicenter trial
demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality, irreversible
morbidity or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and confirmation of the result in a second trial would be practically
or ethically impossible. 

11 

The
length of time and related costs necessary to complete clinical trials varies significantly and may be difficult to predict. Clinical
trial results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals. Additional
factors that can cause delay or termination of our clinical trials, or cause the costs of these clinical trials to increase, include: 

slow
 patient enrollment due to the nature of the protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the
 trial, competition with clinical trials for other drug candidates or other factors; 

inadequately
 trained or insufficient personnel at the trial site to assist in overseeing and monitoring clinical trials; 

delays
 in approvals from a trial site s IRB; 

longer
 than anticipated treatment time required to demonstrate effectiveness or determine the appropriate product dose; 

lack
 of sufficient supplies of the drug candidate for use in clinical trials; 

adverse
 medical events or side effects in treated patients; and 

lack
 of effectiveness of the drug candidate being tested. 

Any
drug is likely to produce some toxicities or undesirable side effects in animals and in humans when administered at sufficiently high
doses and/or for sufficiently long periods of time. Unacceptable toxicities or side effects may occur at any dose level, and at any time
in the course of animal studies designed to identify unacceptable effects of a drug candidate, known as toxicological studies, or in
clinical trials of our drug candidates. The appearance of any unacceptable toxicity or side effect could cause us or regulatory authorities
to interrupt, limit, delay or abort the development of any of our drug candidates, and could ultimately prevent their marketing approval
by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for any or all targeted indications. 

The
FDA s fast track and breakthrough therapy designation programs are intended to facilitate the development and expedite the review
of drug candidates intended for the treatment of serious or life-threatening conditions and that demonstrate the potential to address
unmet medical needs for these conditions. Under these programs, FDA can, for example, review portions of an NDA or BLA for a drug candidate
before the entire application is complete, thus potentially beginning the review process at an earlier time. 

We
cannot guarantee that the FDA will grant any of our requests for fast track or breakthrough therapy designations, that any such designations
would affect the time of review or that the FDA will approve the NDA or BLA submitted for any of our drug candidates, whether or not
these designations are granted. Additionally, FDA approval of a fast track/breakthrough product can include restrictions on the product s
use or distribution (such as permitting use only for specified medical conditions or limiting distribution to physicians or facilities
with special training or experience). Approval of such designated products can be conditioned on additional clinical trials after approval. 

In
addition, the manufacturer of an investigational drug in a Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical trial for a serious or life-threatening disease
is required to make available, such as by posting on its website, its policy on evaluating and responding to requests for expanded access. 

After
completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA or BLA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the NDA or BLA is required
before marketing of the product may begin in the U.S. The NDA or the BLA must include the results of all pre-clinical, clinical and other
testing and a compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing
and submitting an NDA is substantial. The submission of most NDAs and BLAs is additionally subject to a substantial application user
fee, currently approximately 3,242,026 for fiscal year 2023. These fees typically increase annually. 

The
FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA or BLA to determine whether the application will be filed based on the agency s threshold
determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. If the NDA or BLA submission is filed, the FDA reviews the
NDA or BLA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended use. The FDA has agreed
to certain performance goals in the review of NDAs or BLAs. Most such applications for standard review drug products are reviewed within
ten to twelve months; most applications for priority review drugs are reviewed in six to eight months. Priority review can be applied
to drugs that the FDA determines offer major advances in treatment, or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists. For biologics,
priority review is further limited to drugs intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease relative to the currently approved
products. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider
certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. 

12 

The
FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to
an advisory committee typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts for review, evaluation and a recommendation
as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally
follows such recommendations. Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance
with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve
the product unless compliance with cGMPs is satisfactory and the NDA or BLA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the
drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. 

After
the FDA evaluates the NDA or BLA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter.
A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information,
in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction
in a resubmission of the NDA or BLA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in
two or six months depending on the type of information included. 

An
approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition
of NDA or BLA approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to help ensure that the benefits of the
drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements
to assure safe use, or ETASU. ETASU can include, but is not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing,
dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially
affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval testing and
surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory
standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 

Changes
to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes
or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or BLA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA or BLA
supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same
procedures and actions in reviewing NDA or BLA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs or BLAs. 

The
required testing, data collection, analysis and compilation of an IND and a BLA or NDA are labor intensive and costly and may take a
great deal of time. Tests may have to be redone or new tests performed in order to comply with FDA requirements. It can take considerable
time (e.g., 5-10 years) and resources to achieve enrollment sufficient to commence such trials and complete Phase 2 or 3 clinical trials.
Moreover, there is no guarantee a product will be approved. 

In
Canada, the Therapeutic Products Directorate and the Biologics and Genetic Therapies Directorate of HC ensure that clinical trials are
properly designed and undertaken and that subjects are not exposed to undue risk. Regulations define specific Investigational New Drug
Submission (or IND) application requirements, which must be complied with before a new drug can be distributed for trial purposes. The
Directorates currently review the safety, efficacy and quality data submitted by the sponsor and approve the distribution of the drug
to the investigator. The sponsor of the trial is required to maintain accurate records, report adverse drug reactions, and ensure that
the investigator adheres to the approved protocol. Trials in humans should be conducted according to generally accepted principles of
good clinical practice. Management believes that these standards provide assurance that the data and reported results are credible and
accurate, and that the rights, integrity, and privacy of clinical trial subjects are protected. 

Sponsors
wishing to conduct clinical trials in Phases 1 to 3 of development must apply under a 30-day default system. Applications must contain
the information described in the regulations, including: a clinical trial attestation; a protocol; statements to be contained in each
informed consent form, that set out the risks posed to the health of clinical trial subjects as a result of their participation in the
clinical trial; an investigator s brochure; applicable information on excipients (delivery vehicles); and chemistry and manufacturing
information. 

The
sponsor can proceed with the clinical trial if the Directorates have not objected to the sale or importation of the drug within 30 days
after the date of receipt of the clinical trial application and Research Ethics Board approval for the conduct of the trial at the site
has been obtained. Additional information is available on Health Canada s website - www. hc-sc.gc.ca . 

Outside
the United States and Canada, our ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving a marketing authorization from the appropriate
regulatory authorities. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, marketing authorization, pricing and reimbursement
vary widely from country to country. At present, foreign marketing authorizations are applied for at a national level, although within
the European Union (EU) registration procedures are available to companies wishing to market a product in more than one EU member state.
If the regulatory authority is satisfied that adequate evidence of safety, quality and efficacy has been presented, a marketing authorization
may be granted. This foreign regulatory approval process involves all of the risks associated with FDA approval discussed above and may
also include additional risks. 

13 

The
Orphan Drug Act provides incentives to manufacturers to develop and market drugs for rare diseases and conditions affecting fewer than
200,000 persons in the United States at the time of application for orphan drug designation. The first developer to receive FDA marketing
approval for an orphan drug is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period in the United States for the orphan drug indication.
However, a drug that the FDA considers to be clinically superior to, or different from, another approved orphan drug, even though for
the same indication, may also obtain approval in the United States during the seven-year exclusive marketing period. 

Under
the FDA Modernization Act of 1997, designation as a Fast-Track product for a new drug or biological product means that the FDA will take
such actions as are appropriate to expedite the development and review of the application for approval of such product. 

Legislation
similar to the Orphan Drug Act has been enacted in other countries outside of the United States, including the EU. The orphan legislation
in the EU is available for therapies addressing conditions that affect five or fewer out of 10,000 persons, are life-threatening or chronically
debilitating conditions and for which no satisfactory treatment is authorized. The market exclusivity period is for ten years, although
that period can be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, available evidence establishes that the product does not justify
maintenance of market exclusivity. 

Expedited
Development and Review Programs 

The
FDA has the authority to facilitate and expedite the development and review of a drug through various programs, such as fast track
designation, breakthrough therapy designation and priority review designation. Each program may be utilized by the FDA in the
context of particular circumstances. For example, fast track designation would generally be used to facilitate the development and
review of a drug that addresses an unmet medical need. Breakthrough therapy designation applies similarly in cases where a drug
demonstrates substantial improvement over existing and available therapies. Priority review designation suggests the FDA will take
action on an application within six months of filing. 

Accelerated
approval is also possible in the event a product treats a serious or life threatening condition, and provides a meaningful advantage
over available therapies. Products in this category must also meet a number of additional requirements. While a product may qualify for
one or more of the foregoing programs, the FDA reserves the right to later decide the product no longer qualifies or that the product
is no longer subject to priority regarding its review or approval. 

Emergency
Use Authorization 

The
FDA also has the authority to grant an Emergency Use Authorization EUA to allow unapproved medical products to be used
in an emergency to diagnose, treat, or prevent serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions when there are no adequate, approved,
and available alternatives, as designated by the U.S. government. An EUA granted by the FDA would permit a drug candidate to be able
to be distributed under the conditions set forth in the EUA prior to FDA approval. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, certain of our
competitors have sought and obtained EUA from the FDA for their COVID-19 vaccines. Furthermore, the FDA may revoke an EUA for a variety
of reasons, including where it is determined that the underlying health emergency no longer exists or warrants such authorizations. 

Pediatric
Information 

Under
the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, NDAs, BLAs or supplements to NDAs or BLAs must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness
of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric
subpopulation for which the drug is safe and effective. The FDA may grant full or partial waivers, or deferrals, for submission of data.
Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any drug for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted,
except a product with a new active ingredient that is a molecularly targeted cancer product intended for the treatment of an adult cancer
and directed at a molecular target determined by FDA to be substantially relevant to the growth or progression of a pediatric cancer
that is subject to an NDA submitted on or after August 18, 2020. 

The
Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act, BPCA ), provides NDA holders a six-month extension of any exclusivity patent
or non-patent for a drug if certain conditions are met. For BLAs, the BPCA provides a six-month extension for non-patent exclusivity
if certain conditions are met. Conditions for exclusivity include the FDA s determination that information relating to the use
of a new drug in the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population, the FDA making a written request for pediatric
studies, and the applicant agreeing to perform, and reporting on, the requested studies within the statutory timeframe. Applications
under the BPCA are treated as priority applications, with all of the benefits that designation confers. 

14 

Disclosure
of Clinical Trial Information 

Sponsors
of clinical trials of FDA-regulated products, including drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information.
Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the
clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results of their clinical
trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years after
the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress
of development programs. 

The
Hatch-Waxman Amendments 

Orange
Book Listing 

In
seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA each patent with claims covering the applicant s
product or method of using the product. Upon approval of a drug, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published
in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in
the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential generic competitors in support of approval of an abbreviated new drug application,
or ANDA. An ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths and dosage form
as the listed drug and has been shown to be bioequivalent to the listed drug. Other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing,
ANDA applicants are not required to conduct, or submit results of, pre-clinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness
of their drug product. Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as generic equivalents to the listed drug, and
can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug. 

The
ANDA applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s Orange Book.
Specifically, the applicant must certify that: (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired;
(iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv)
the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. The ANDA applicant may also elect to submit a section viii
statement certifying that its proposed ANDA labeling does not contain (or carves out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use
rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents, the ANDA application will
not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. 

A
certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product s listed patents, or that such patents are invalid,
is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must
also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the ANDA has been received by the FDA. The NDA
and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. The filing
of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving
the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that
is favorable to the ANDA applicant. 

The
ANDA application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product
has expired. 

Exclusivity 

Exclusivity
provisions under the FDC Act also can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDC Act provides a five-year
period of non-patent exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity,
or NCE. A drug is entitled to NCE exclusivity if it contains a drug substance no active moiety of which has been previously approved
by the FDA. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an ANDA or file a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company
for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval.
However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a Paragraph IV certification. The FDC Act also provides three
years of market exclusivity for an NDA, including a 505(b)(2) NDA, or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other
than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval
of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only
the conditions for use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs for
the original conditions of use, such as the originally approved indication. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission
or approval of a full NDA; however, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to
all the non-clinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 

15 

Patent
Term Extension 

After
NDA approval, the owner of relevant drug patent may apply for up to a five-year patent term extension. Only one patent may be extended
for each regulatory review period, which is composed of two parts: a testing phase, and an approval phase. The allowable patent term
extension is calculated as half of the drug s testing phase the time between the day the IND becomes effective and NDA
submission and all of the review phase the time between NDA submission and approval up to a maximum of five years. The
time can be shortened if the FDA determines that the applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The total patent term after
the extension may not exceed 14 years and only one patent may be extended. 

For
patents that might expire during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent extension. An interim patent extension
increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension granted, the post-approval
patent extension is reduced by one year. The Director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office must determine that approval of the drug
covered by the patent for which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions are not available for a drug
for which an NDA has not been submitted. 

Section
505(b)(2) New Drug Applications 

Most
drug products obtain FDA marketing approval pursuant to an NDA or an ANDA. A third alternative is a special type of NDA, commonly referred
to as a Section 505(b)(2), or 505(b)(2), NDA, which enables the applicant to rely, in part, on studies not conducted by, or for, the
applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference or use, such as the FDA s findings of safety and/or
effectiveness for a similar previously approved product, or published literature, in support of its application. 

505(b)(2)
NDAs often provide an alternate path to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products. Section
505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted
by, or for, the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. If the 505(b)(2) applicants can establish
that reliance on the FDA s previous approval is scientifically appropriate, it may eliminate the need to conduct certain pre-clinical
or clinical trials of the new product. The FDA may also require companies to perform additional studies or measurements to support the
change from the approved product. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all, or some, of the label indications for which
the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. 

To
the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on studies conducted for an already approved product, the applicant is required
to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the Orange Book to the same extent that an ANDA applicant
would. Thus approval of a 505(b)(2) NDA can be stalled until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired, until
any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed in the Orange Book for the referenced
product has expired, and, in the case of a Paragraph IV certification and subsequent patent infringement suit, until the earlier of 30
months, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. 

Post-Approval
Requirements 

Once
an NDA or BLA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, the FDA closely regulates the
post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion,
industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. Drugs may be marketed only
for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. 

16 

Adverse
event reporting and submission of periodic reports are required following FDA approval of an NDA or BLA. The FDA also may require post-marketing
testing, known as Phase 4 testing, REMS, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product, or the FDA may place conditions
on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality-control, drug manufacture, packaging
and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval. Drug manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are
required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA, subjects entities to periodic
unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly,
manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with
cGMPs. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product approvals or request product recalls if a company fails to comply with regulatory
standards, if it encounters problems following initial marketing or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered.
In addition, prescription drug manufacturers in the United States must comply with applicable provisions of the Drug Supply Chain Security
Act and provide and receive product tracing information, maintain appropriate licenses, ensure they only work with other properly licensed
entities, and have procedures in place to identify and properly handle suspect and illegitimate products. 

Failure
to comply with the applicable FDA requirements may subject manufacturers and distributors to administrative or judicial sanctions. These
sanctions could include, among other things, warning letters, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution,
injunctions, civil money penalties, fines, restitution, disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. Further, the FDA has authority
to issue mandatory recalls for medical devices and biologics, and we may need to undertake a voluntary recall for any of our products. 

In
addition to regulations enforced by the FDA, we are also subject to regulation under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental
Protection Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and other federal, state and local regulations.
Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals, biological materials and radioactive
compounds. 

Biologics 

Biological
products used for the prevention, treatment or cure of a disease or condition of a human being are subject to regulation under the FDC
Act, except the section of the FDC Act which governs the approval of NDAs. Biological products are approved for marketing under provisions
of the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, via a BLA. However, the application process and requirements for approval of BLAs are very
similar to those for NDAs, and biologics are associated with similar approval risks and costs as drugs. To help reduce the increased
risk of the introduction of adventitious agents, the PHSA emphasizes the importance of manufacturing controls for products whose attributes
cannot be precisely defined. The PHSA also provides authority to the FDA to immediately suspend licenses in situations where there exists
a danger to public health, to prepare or procure products in the event of shortages and critical public health needs, and to authorize
the creation and enforcement of regulations to prevent the introduction or spread of communicable diseases in the US and between states. 

After
a BLA is approved, the product may also be subject to official lot release as a condition of approval. As part of the manufacturing process,
the manufacturer is required to perform certain tests on each lot of the product before it is released for distribution. If the product
is subject to official release by the FDA, the manufacturer submits samples of each lot of product to the FDA together with a release
protocol showing a summary of the history of manufacture of the lot and the results of all of the manufacturer s tests performed
on the lot. The FDA may also perform certain confirmatory tests on lots of some products, such as viral vaccines, before releasing the
lots for distribution by the manufacturer. In addition, the FDA conducts laboratory research related to the regulatory standards on the
safety, purity, potency, and effectiveness of biological products. As with drugs, after approval of biologics, manufacturers must address
any safety issues that arise, are subject to recalls or a halt in manufacturing, and are subject to periodic inspection after approval. 

The
Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, creates an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown
to be highly similar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Biosimilarity sufficient to reference a
prior FDA-approved product requires that there be no differences in conditions of use, route of administration, dosage form, and strength,
and no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity and potency.
Biosimilarity must be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and at least one clinical trial, absent a waiver by the Secretary.
A biosimilar product may be deemed interchangeable with a prior approved product if it meets the higher hurdle of demonstrating that
it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product and, for products administered multiple times, the biologic
and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished
efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. To date, only four biosimilar products and no interchangeable products
have been approved under the BPCIA. Complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structures of biological products,
as well as the process by which such products are manufactured, particularly with respect to interchangeability, are still being evaluated
by the FDA. 

17 

A
reference biologic is granted twelve years of exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the reference product, and no application
for a biosimilar can be submitted for four years from the date of licensure of the reference product. The first biologic product submitted
under the abbreviated approval pathway that is determined to be interchangeable with the reference product has exclusivity against a
finding of interchangeability for other biologics for the same condition of use for the lesser of (i) one year after first commercial
marketing of the first interchangeable biosimilar, (ii) eighteen months after the first interchangeable biosimilar is approved if there
is no patent challenge, (iii) eighteen months after resolution of a lawsuit over the patents of the reference biologic in favor of the
first interchangeable biosimilar applicant, or (iv) 42 months after the first interchangeable biosimilar s application has been
approved if a patent lawsuit is ongoing within the 42-month period. 

Regulation
Outside the United States 

In
order to market any product outside of the United States, a company must also comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements
of other countries and jurisdictions regarding quality, safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing
authorization, commercial sales and distribution of drug products. Whether or not it obtains FDA approval for a product, the company
would need to obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable foreign regulatory authorities before it can commence clinical trials
or marketing of the product in those countries or jurisdictions. The approval process ultimately varies between countries and jurisdictions
and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain approval in other
countries and jurisdictions might differ from and be longer than that required to obtain FDA approval. Regulatory approval in one country
or jurisdiction does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country
or jurisdiction may negatively impact the regulatory process in others. 

Regulation
and Marketing Authorization in the European Union 

The
process governing approval of medicinal products in the European Union follows essentially the same lines as in the United States and,
likewise, generally involves satisfactorily completing each of the following: 

pre-clinical
 laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies all performed in accordance with the applicable EU Good Laboratory Practice
 regulations; 

submission
 to the relevant national authorities of a clinical trial application, or CTA, which must be approved before human clinical trials
 may begin; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the product for each proposed indication; 

submission
 to the relevant competent authorities of a marketing authorization application, or MAA, which includes the data supporting safety
 and efficacy as well as detailed information on the manufacture and composition of the product in clinical development and proposed
 labeling; 

satisfactory
 completion of an inspection by the relevant national authorities of the manufacturing facility or facilities, including those of
 third parties, at which the product is produced to assess compliance with strictly enforced current cGMP; 

potential
 audits of the non-clinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the MAA; and 

review
 and approval by the relevant competent authority of the MAA before any commercial marketing, sale or shipment of the product. 

Pre-clinical
Studies 

Pre-clinical
tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as studies to evaluate toxicity in animal
studies, in order to assess the potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the pre-clinical tests and formulation of
the compounds for testing must comply with the relevant EU regulations and requirements. The results of the pre-clinical tests, together
with relevant manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted as part of the CTA. 

18 

Clinical
Trial Approval 

Requirements
for the conduct of clinical trials in the European Union including GCP are implemented in the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC and
the GCP Directive 2005/28/EC. Pursuant to Directive 2001/20/EC and Directive 2005/28/EC, as amended, a system for the approval of clinical
trials in the European Union has been implemented through national legislation of the member states. Under this system, approval must
be obtained from the competent national authority of an EU member state in which a study is planned to be conducted, or in multiple member
states if the clinical trial is to be conducted in a number of member states. To this end, a CTA is submitted, which must be supported
by an investigational medicinal product dossier, or IMPD, and further supporting information prescribed by Directive 2001/20/EC and Directive
2005/28/EC and other applicable guidance documents. Furthermore, a clinical trial may only be started after a competent ethics committee
has issued a favorable opinion on the clinical trial application in that country. 

In
April 2014, the EU legislators passed the new Clinical Trials Regulation, (EU) No 536/2014, which replaced the current Clinical Trials
Directive 2001/20/EC. To ensure that the rules for clinical trials are identical throughout the European Union, the new EU clinical trials
legislation was passed as a regulation that is directly applicable in all EU member states. All clinical trials performed in the European
Union are required to be conducted in accordance with the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC until the new Clinical Trials Regulation
(EU) No 536/2014 becomes applicable. According to the current plans of the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, the new Clinical Trials
Regulation became applicable in 2019. The Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC will, however, still apply three years from the
date of entry into application of the Clinical Trials Regulation to (i) clinical trials applications submitted before the entry into
application and (ii) clinical trials applications submitted within one year after the entry into application if the sponsor opts for
old system. 

The
new Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 aims to simplify and streamline the approval of clinical trials in the European Union. The main characteristics
of the regulation include: 

A
 streamlined application procedure via a single-entry point, the EU portal. 

A
 single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application as well as simplified reporting procedures that will spare
 sponsors from submitting broadly identical information separately to various bodies and different member states. 

A
 harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials, which is divided into two parts. Part I is assessed jointly
 by all member states concerned. Part II is assessed separately by each member state concerned. 

Strictly
 defined deadlines for the assessment of clinical trial application. 

The
 involvement of the ethics committees in the assessment procedure in accordance with the national law of the member state concerned
 but within the overall timelines defined by the Regulation (EU) No 536/2014. 

Marketing
Authorization 

Authorization
to market a product in the member states of the European Union proceeds under one of four procedures: a centralized authorization procedure,
a mutual recognition procedure, a decentralized procedure or a national procedure. 

Centralized
Authorization Procedure 

The
centralized procedure enables applicants to obtain a marketing authorization that is valid in all EU member states based on a single
application. Certain medicinal products, including products developed by means of biotechnological processes, must undergo the centralized
authorization procedure for marketing authorization, which, if granted by the European Commission, is automatically valid in all 28 EU
member states. The EMA and the European Commission administer this centralized authorization procedure pursuant to Regulation (EC) No
726/2004. 

Pursuant
to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, this procedure is mandatory for: 

medicinal
 products developed by means of one of the following biotechnological processes: 

recombinant
 DNA technology; 

controlled
 expression of genes coding for biologically active proteins in prokaryotes and eukaryotes including transformed mammalian cells;
 and 

hybridoma
 and monoclonal antibody methods; 

advanced
 therapy medicinal products as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EC) No. 1394/2007 on advanced therapy medicinal products; 

19 

medicinal
 products for human use containing a new active substance that, on the date of effectiveness of this regulation, was not authorized
 in the European Union, and for which the therapeutic indication is the treatment of any of the following diseases: 

acquired
 immune deficiency syndrome; 

cancer; 

neurodegenerative
 disorder; 

diabetes; 

auto-immune
 diseases and other immune dysfunctions; and 

viral
 diseases; 

medicinal
 products that are designated as orphan medicinal products pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 141/2000. 

The
centralized authorization procedure is optional for other medicinal products if they contain a new active substance or if the applicant
shows that the medicinal product concerned constitutes a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or that the granting
of authorization is in the interest of patients in the European Union. 

Administrative
Procedure 

Under
the centralized authorization procedure, the EMA s Committee for Human Medicinal Products, or CHMP, serves as the scientific committee
that renders opinions about the safety, efficacy and quality of medicinal products for human use on behalf of the EMA. The CHMP is composed
of experts nominated by each member state s national authority for medicinal products, with an expert appointed to act as Rapporteur
for the co-ordination of the evaluation with the possible assistance of a further member of the Committee acting as a Co-Rapporteur.
After approval, the Rapporteur(s) continue to monitor the product throughout its life cycle. The CHMP has 210 days to adopt an opinion
as to whether a marketing authorization should be granted. The process usually takes longer in case additional information is requested,
which triggers clock-stops in the procedural timelines. The process is complex and involves extensive consultation with the regulatory
authorities of member states and a number of experts. When an application is submitted for a marketing authorization in respect of a
drug that is of major interest from the point of view of public health and in particular from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation,
the applicant may pursuant to Article 14(9) Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 request an accelerated assessment procedure. If the CHMP accepts
such request, the time-limit of 210 days will be reduced to 150 days but it is possible that the CHMP can revert to the standard time-limit
for the centralized procedure if it considers that it is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment. Once the procedure
is completed, a European Public Assessment Report, or EPAR, is produced. If the opinion is negative, information is given as to the grounds
on which this conclusion was reached. After the adoption of the CHMP opinion, a decision on the MAA must be adopted by the European Commission,
after consulting the E.U. member states, which in total can take more than 60 days. 

Conditional
Approval 

In
specific circumstances, EU legislation (Article 14(7) Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 and Regulation (EC) No 507/2006 on Conditional Marketing
Authorizations for Medicinal Products for Human Use) enables applicants to obtain a conditional marketing authorization prior to obtaining
the comprehensive clinical data required for an application for a full marketing authorization. Such conditional approvals may be granted
for product candidates (including medicines designated as orphan medicinal products) if (1) the risk-benefit balance of the product candidate
is positive, (2) it is likely that the applicant will be in a position to provide the required comprehensive clinical trial data, (3)
the product fulfills unmet medical needs and (4) the benefit to public health of the immediate availability on the market of the medicinal
product concerned outweighs the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required. A conditional marketing authorization
may contain specific obligations to be fulfilled by the marketing authorization holder, including obligations with respect to the completion
of ongoing or new studies, and with respect to the collection of pharmacovigilance data. Conditional marketing authorizations are valid
for one year, and may be renewed annually, if the risk-benefit balance remains positive, and after an assessment of the need for additional
or modified conditions and/or specific obligations. The timelines for the centralized procedure described above also apply with respect
to the review by the CHMP of applications for a conditional marketing authorization. 

20 

Marketing
Authorization under Exceptional Circumstances 

Under
Article 14(8) Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, products for which the applicant can demonstrate that comprehensive data (in line with the
requirements laid down in Annex I of Directive 2001/83/EC, as amended) cannot be provided (due to specific reasons foreseen in the legislation)
might be eligible for marketing authorization under exceptional circumstances. This type of authorization is reviewed annually to reassess
the risk-benefit balance. The fulfillment of any specific procedures/obligations imposed as part of the marketing authorization under
exceptional circumstances is aimed at the provision of information on the safe and effective use of the product and will normally not
lead to the completion of a full dossier/approval. 

Market
Authorizations Granted by Authorities of E.U. Member States 

In
general, if the centralized procedure is not followed, there are three alternative procedures as prescribed in Directive 2001/83/EC: 

The
 decentralized procedure allows applicants to file identical applications to several EU member states and receive simultaneous national
 approvals based on the recognition by EU member states of an assessment by a reference member state. 

The
 national procedure is only available for products intended to be authorized in a single EU member state. 

A
 mutual recognition procedure similar to the decentralized procedure is available when a marketing authorization has already been
 obtained in at least one E.U. member state. 

A
marketing authorization may be granted only to an applicant established in the European Union. 

Pediatric
Studies 

Prior
to obtaining a marketing authorization in the European Union, applicants have to demonstrate compliance with all measures included in
an EMA-approved Pediatric Investigation Plan, or PIP, covering all subsets of the pediatric population, unless the EMA has granted a
product-specific waiver, a class waiver, or a deferral for one or more of the measures included in the PIP. The respective requirements
for all marketing authorization procedures are set forth in Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006, which is referred to as the Pediatric Regulation.
This requirement also applies when a company wants to add a new indication, pharmaceutical form or route of administration for a medicine
that is already authorized. The Pediatric Committee of the EMA, or PDCO, may grant deferrals for some medicines, allowing a company to
delay development of the medicine in children until there is enough information to demonstrate its effectiveness and safety in adults.
The PDCO may also grant waivers when development of a medicine in children is not needed or is not appropriate, such as for diseases
that only affect the elderly population. 

Before
a marketing authorization application can be filed, or an existing marketing authorization can be amended, the EMA determines that companies
actually comply with the agreed studies and measures listed in each relevant PIP. 

Periods
of Authorization and Renewals 

A
marketing authorization is valid for five years in principle and the marketing authorization may be renewed after five years on the basis
of a re-evaluation of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA or by the competent authority of the authorizing member state. To this end,
the marketing authorization holder must provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the file in respect
of quality, safety and efficacy, including all variations introduced since the marketing authorization was granted, at least six months
before the marketing authorization ceases to be valid. Once renewed, the marketing authorization is valid for an unlimited period, unless
the European Commission or the competent authority decides, on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one additional
five-year renewal. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the drug on the EU market (in case of centralized
procedure) or on the market of the authorizing member state within three years after authorization ceases to be valid (the so-called
sunset clause). 

Regulatory
Data Protection 

EU
legislation also provides for a system of regulatory data and market exclusivity. According to Article 14(11) of Regulation (EC) No 726/2004,
as amended, and Article 10(1) of Directive 2001/83/EC, as amended, upon receiving marketing authorization, new chemical entities approved
on the basis of complete independent data package benefit from eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market
exclusivity. Data exclusivity prevents regulatory authorities in the European Union from referencing the innovator s data to assess
a generic (abbreviated) application. During the additional two-year period of market exclusivity, a generic marketing authorization can
be submitted, and the innovator s data may be referenced, but no generic medicinal product can be marketed until the expiration
of the market exclusivity. The overall ten-year period will be extended to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of
those ten years, the marketing authorization holder, or MAH, obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which,
during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing
therapies. Even if a compound is considered to be a new chemical entity and the innovator is able to gain the period of data exclusivity,
another company nevertheless could also market another version of the drug if such company obtained marketing authorization based on
an MAA with a complete independent data package of pharmaceutical test, pre-clinical tests and clinical trials. However, products designated
as orphan medicinal products enjoy, upon receiving marketing authorization, a period of ten years of orphan market exclusivity. Depending
upon the timing and duration of the EU marketing authorization process, products may be eligible for up to five years supplementary
protection certificates, or SPCs, pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 469/2009. Such SPCs extend the rights under the basic patent for the
drug. 

21 

Regulatory
Requirements After a Marketing Authorization has been Obtained 

If
we obtain authorization for a medicinal product in the European Union, we will be required to comply with a range of requirements applicable
to the manufacturing, marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products: 

Pharmacovigilance
and other requirements 

We
will, for example, have to comply with the EU s stringent pharmacovigilance or safety reporting rules, pursuant to which post-authorization
studies and additional monitoring obligations can be imposed. Other requirements relate, for example, to the manufacturing of products
and APIs in accordance with good manufacturing practice standards. EU regulators may conduct inspections to verify our compliance with
applicable requirements, and we will have to continue to expend time, money and effort to remain compliant. Non-compliance with EU requirements
regarding safety monitoring or pharmacovigilance, and with requirements related to the development of products for the pediatric population,
can also result in significant financial penalties in the European Union. Similarly, failure to comply with the EU s requirements
regarding the protection of individual personal data can also lead to significant penalties and sanctions. Individual EU member states
may also impose various sanctions and penalties in case we do not comply with locally applicable requirements. 

Manufacturing 

The
manufacturing of authorized drugs, for which a separate manufacturer s license is mandatory, must be conducted in strict compliance
with the EMA s Good Manufacturing Practices, or GMP, requirements and comparable requirements of other regulatory bodies in the
European Union, which mandate the methods, facilities and controls used in manufacturing, processing and packing of drugs to assure their
safety and identity. The EMA enforces its current GMP requirements through mandatory registration of facilities and inspections of those
facilities. The EMA may have a coordinating role for these inspections while the responsibility for carrying them out rests with the
member states competent authority under whose responsibility the manufacturer falls. Failure to comply with these requirements could
interrupt supply and result in delays, unanticipated costs and lost revenues, and could subject the applicant to potential legal or regulatory
action, including but not limited to warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product, injunctive action or possible
civil and criminal penalties. 

Marketing
and Promotion 

The
marketing and promotion of authorized drugs, including industry-sponsored continuing medical education and advertising directed toward
the prescribers of drugs and/or the general public, are strictly regulated in the European Union under Directive 2001/83/EC. The applicable
regulations aim to ensure that information provided by holders of marketing authorizations regarding their products is truthful, balanced
and accurately reflects the safety and efficacy claims authorized by the EMA or by the competent authority of the authorizing member
state. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential
civil and criminal penalties. 

Patent
Term Extension 

In
order to compensate the patentee for delays in obtaining a marketing authorization for a patented product, a supplementary certificate,
or SPC, may be granted extending the exclusivity period for that specific product by up to five years. Applications for SPCs must be
made to the relevant patent office in each E.U. member state and the granted certificates are valid only in the member state of grant.
An application has to be made by the patent owner within six months of the first marketing authorization being granted in the European
Union (assuming the patent in question has not expired, lapsed or been revoked) or within six months of the grant of the patent (if the
marketing authorization is granted first). In the context of SPCs, the term product means the active ingredient or combination
of active ingredients for a medicinal product and the term patent means a patent protecting such a product or a new manufacturing
process or application for it. The duration of an SPC is calculated as the difference between the patent s filing date and the
date of the first marketing authorization, minus five years, subject to a maximum term of five years. 

22 

A
six-month pediatric extension of an SPC may be obtained where the patentee has carried out an agreed pediatric investigation plan, the
authorized product information includes information on the results of the studies and the product is authorized in all member states
of the European Union. 

Pharmaceutical
Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 

Significant
uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of products approved by the FDA and other government authorities. Sales
of products will depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of the products will be covered by third-party payors, including government
health programs in the United States such as Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers and managed care organizations. The process
for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement
rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on
an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the approved products for a particular indication. 

In
order to secure coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, a company may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic
studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of the product, in addition to the costs required to obtain
FDA or other comparable regulatory approvals. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an
adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Third-party reimbursement may not be sufficient to maintain price levels high enough to
realize an appropriate return on investment in product development. 

There
has been an increased focus on drug pricing in recent years in the United States. Although there are no direct government price controls
over private sector purchases in the United States, there are rebates and other financial requirements for federal and state health care
programs. The Medicare Modernization Act, enacted in December 2003, established the Medicare Part D outpatient prescription drug benefit,
which is provided primarily through private entities that attempt to negotiate price concessions from pharmaceutical manufacturers. The
health care reform legislation enacted in 2010, known as the Affordable Care Act, requires drug manufacturers to pay 50 of the Medicare
Part D coverage gap, also known as the donut hole, on prescriptions for branded products filled when the beneficiary reaches
this coverage. The Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 resulted in changes to the way drug prices are reported to the government and the formula
using such information to calculate the required Medicaid rebates. The Affordable Care Act increased the minimum basic Medicaid rebate
for branded prescription drugs from 15.1 to 23.1 and requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay states rebates on prescription drugs
dispensed to Medicaid managed care enrollees. In addition, the Affordable Care Act increased the additional Medicaid rebate on line
extensions (such as extended-release formulations) of solid oral dosage forms of branded products, revised the definition of average
manufacturer price by changing the classes of purchasers included in the calculation, and expanded the entities eligible for discounted
pricing under the federal 340B drug pricing program. Current orphan drugs are excluded from the expanded 340B hospitals eligible for
discounts. 

The
Affordable Care Act imposes a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription drug products. The
fee (which is not deductible for federal income tax purposes) is based on the manufacturer s market share of sales of branded drugs
and biologics (excluding orphan drugs) to, or pursuant to coverage under, specified U. S. government programs. The Affordable Care Act
also contains a number of provisions, including provisions governing the way that health care is financed by both governmental and private
insurers, enrollment in federal health care programs, reimbursement changes, the increased use of comparative effectiveness research
in health care decision-making, and enhancements to fraud and abuse requirements and enforcement, that are affecting existing government
health care programs and will result in the development of new programs. The Affordable Care Act also contains requirements for manufacturers
to publicly report certain payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals. We are unable to predict the
future course of federal or state health care legislation and regulations, including regulations that will be issued to implement provisions
of the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act and further changes in the law or regulatory framework that reduce our revenues or
increase our costs could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash
flows. 

Public
and private health care payers control costs and influence drug pricing through a variety of mechanisms, including through negotiating
discounts with the manufacturers and through the use of tiered formularies and other mechanisms that provide preferential access to certain
drugs over others within a therapeutic class. Payers also set other criteria to govern the uses of a drug that will be deemed medically
appropriate and therefore reimbursed or otherwise covered. Payers may require physicians to seek approval from them before a product
will be reimbursed or covered, commonly referred to as prior authorization. In particular, many public and private health care payers
limit reimbursement and coverage to the uses of a drug that are either approved by the FDA or appear in a recognized drug compendium.
Drug compendia are publications that summarize the available medical evidence for particular drug products and identify which uses of
a drug are supported or not supported by the available evidence, whether or not such uses have been approved by the FDA. For example,
in the case of Medicare Part D coverage for oncology drugs, the Medicare Modernization Act, with certain exceptions, provides for Medicare
coverage of unapproved uses of an FDA-approved drug if the unapproved use is reasonable and necessary and is supported by one or more
citations in CMS-approved compendia, such as the National Comprehensive Cancer Network Drugs and Biologics Compendium. Different pricing
and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. For example, in the European Union, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical
products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost
of such products to consumers. The approach taken varies from member state to member state. Some jurisdictions operate positive or negative
list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. Other member states allow companies
to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits and may limit or restrict reimbursement. The downward
pressure on health care costs in general, and prescription drugs in particular, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high
barriers are being erected to the entry of new products, as exemplified by the actions of the National Institute for Clinical Excellence
in the United Kingdom, which evaluates the data supporting new medicines and passes reimbursement recommendations to the government.
In addition, in some countries cross-border imports from low-priced markets (parallel imports) exert a commercial pressure on pricing
within a country. 

23 

In
the European Union, pricing and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some countries provide that drug products
may be marketed only after a reimbursement price has been agreed. Some countries may require the completion of additional studies that
compare the cost-effectiveness of our drug candidate to currently available therapies (so called health technology assessment) in order
to obtain reimbursement or pricing approval. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range
of drug products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products
for human use. E.U. member states may approve a specific price for a drug product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect
controls on the profitability of the company placing the drug product on the market. Other member states allow companies to fix their
own prices for drug products, but monitor and control prescription volumes and issue guidance to physicians to limit prescriptions. The
downward pressure on health care costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high
barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, there can be considerable pressure by governments and other stakeholders
on prices and reimbursement levels, including as part of cost containment measures. Political, economic and regulatory developments may
further complicate pricing negotiations, and pricing negotiations may continue after reimbursement has been obtained. Reference pricing
used by various E.U. member states, and parallel distribution (arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced member states), can further
reduce prices. Any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for drug products may not allow favorable reimbursement
and pricing arrangements. 

Healthcare
Law and Regulation 

Healthcare
providers, physicians and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of drug products that are granted
marketing approval. Arrangements with third-party payors and customers are subject to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare
laws and regulations. Such restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, include the following: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving
 or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for,
 or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal
 healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

the
 federal False Claims Act imposes civil penalties, and provides for civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or
 entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent
 or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing
 a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and its implementing regulations, also imposes
 obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually
 identifiable health information; 

the
 federal false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making
 any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; 

the
 federal transparency requirements under the Health Care Reform Law requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical
 supplies to report to the Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments and other transfers of value to
 physicians and teaching hospitals and physician ownership and investment interests; and 

analogous
 state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements
 and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

24 

An
increasing number of states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to file periodic reports of
expenses relating to the marketing and promotion of drug products and gifts and payments to individual healthcare practitioners in these
states; to make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities; to report information
pertaining to and justifying price increases; or to register their sales representatives. Other states prohibit various marketing-related
activities, such as the provision of certain kinds of gifts or meals; price gouging; or pharmacies and other healthcare entities from
providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing. In addition,
states such as California, Connecticut, Nevada, and Massachusetts require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs and/or
marketing codes. State and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which
differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Environmental,
Health and Safety Matters 

The
manufacturing facilities of the third-parties that develop our product candidates are subject to extensive environmental, health and
safety laws and regulations in a number of jurisdictions, governing, among other things: the use, storage, registration, handling, emission
and disposal of chemicals, waste materials and sewage; chemicals, air, water and ground contamination; air emissions and the cleanup
of contaminated sites, including any contamination that results from spills due to our failure to properly dispose of chemicals, waste
materials and sewage. 

These
laws, regulations and permits could potentially require the expenditure by us of significant amounts for compliance or remediation if,
among other things, our operations result in contamination of the environment or breach of regulatory obligations, or expose individuals
to harm. If the third-party manufacturers fail to comply with such laws, regulations or permits, we may be subject to fines and other
civil, administrative or criminal sanctions, including the revocation of permits and licenses necessary to continue our business activities.
In addition, we may be required to pay damages or civil judgments in respect of third-party claims, including those relating to personal
injury (including exposure to hazardous substances we use, store, handle, transport, manufacture or dispose of), property damage or contribution
claims. Some environmental, health and safety laws allow for strict, joint and several liability for remediation costs, regardless of
comparative fault. We may be identified as a responsible party under such laws. Such developments could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, laws and regulations relating to environmental, health and safety matters are often subject to change. In the event of any
changes or new laws or regulations, we could be subject to new compliance measures or to penalties for activities that were previously
permitted. 

Competition 

Our
industry is subject to rapid and intense technological change. Competition is intense among manufacturers of nutritional, non-prescription,
and prescription pharmaceuticals. We face, and will continue to face, competition from nutraceutical, pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical,
medical device and biotechnology companies developing similar products and technologies both in the United States and abroad, as well
as numerous academic and research institutions, governmental agencies and private organizations engaged in drug funding or research and
discovery activities both in the United States and abroad. Academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research
organizations may also conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for discovery, research and
clinical development of technologies and products similar to ours. We also face competition from entities and healthcare providers using
more traditional methods. We believe there are a substantial number of products under development by numerous nutraceutical, pharmaceutical,
biopharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology companies, and it is likely that other competitors will emerge. 

Many
of our existing and potential competitors are large, well established pharmaceutical, chemical or healthcare companies with considerably
greater research and product development capabilities and financial, scientific, marketing and human resources than we have. Large and
established companies, such as Merck Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, CSL Ltd., Sanofi Pasteur, SA, Pfizer Inc., Johnson Johnson,
AstraZeneca, and Moderna, among others, compete in the vaccine market. In particular, these companies have greater experience and expertise
in securing government contracts and grants to support their research and development efforts, conducting testing and clinical trials,
obtaining regulatory approvals to market products, manufacturing such products on a broad scale and marketing approved products. As a
result, these competitors may succeed in developing competing products earlier than we do; obtain patents that block or otherwise inhibit
our ability to further develop and commercialize our product candidates; obtain approvals from the FDA or other regulatory agencies for
products more rapidly than we do; or develop treatments or cures that are safer or more effective than those we propose to develop. These
competitors may also devote greater resources to marketing or selling their products and may be better able to withstand price competition.
In addition, these competitors may introduce or adapt more quickly to new technologies or scientific advances, which could render our
technologies obsolete, and may introduce products or technologies that make the continued development, production, or marketing of our
product candidates uneconomical. These competitors may also be more successful in negotiating third-party licensing or collaborative
arrangements and may be able to take advantage of acquisitions or other strategic opportunities more readily than we can. These actions
by competitors or potential competitors could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to compete successfully. 

25 

Regardless
of the disease, smaller or early-stage companies and research institutions also may prove to be significant competitors, particularly
through collaborative arrangements with large and established pharmaceutical companies. As these companies develop their technologies,
they may develop proprietary positions, which may prevent or limit our product development and commercialization efforts. We will also
face competition from these parties in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical
trial sites and participant registration for clinical trials and in acquiring and in-licensing technologies and products complementary
to our programs or potentially advantageous to our business. If any of our competitors succeed in obtaining approval from the FDA or
other regulatory authorities for their products sooner than we do or for products that are more effective or less costly than ours, our
commercial opportunity could be significantly reduced. Additionally, the threat of COVID-19 may subside before we are able to successfully
bring a vaccine product candidate to market, which may influence public perception of the use of vaccine product candidates in connection
with COVID-19 and adversely affect our business. 

We
have a limited ability to predict how competitive our products and product candidates will be in the marketplace. The competition we
believe currently exists with respect to each of our products is as follows: 

Our
NT-CoV2-1 Vaccine 

The
COVID-19 vaccine market is intensely competitive, characterized by rapid technological progress. The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic is also evolving
rapidly with the generation of new virus variants that impact vaccine efficacy. This creates a changing competitive landscape for the
Terra CoV-2 and NT-CoV2-1 vaccine candidates. We compete with worldwide research-based biopharmaceutical companies and smaller companies
that manufacture and sell products that treat diseases or indications similar to those treated by our vaccine candidate. In December
2020, Pfizer and Moderna both received EUAs to begin distributing their vaccines. Pfizer received full FDA approval in August 2021 and
Moderna in January 2022. Johnson Johnson
has developed a single dose vaccine and received an EUA in the US in February 2021. 

In
July 2022, the FDA issued an EUA for the Novavax adjuvanted vaccine. As of early March 2023, the WHO has granted 11 vaccines an Emergency
Use Listing. 

According
to the WHO, there are 183 vaccines currently in clinical development, and there
are currently 199 vaccines which are in the pre-clinical development phase. There are just 16 vaccines in active clinical development
that contemplate use of intranasal administration. Our intranasal NT-CoV2-1 vaccine candidate is in pre-clinical development. 

Additionally,
several companies are working on antiviral drugs, some of which are already in use against other illnesses, to treat people who have
COVID-19. The FDA has also issued EUAs for several other treatments, including antivirals, monoclonal antibodies, convalescent plasma
therapy, a drug used to sedate people placed on a ventilator, and drugs for people undergoing a type of blood purification known as continuous
renal replacement therapy. To the extent these drug treatments are effective there can reduce demand for vaccines against the disease
and the potential market for our vaccine product candidate. 

Our
vaccine development will depend on our ability to identify key points of product differentiation relative to our competitors and conduct
pre-clinical testing and file an IND followed by proceeding to a Phase 1 clinical trial. If the Phase 1 trial results support further
development, a Phase 2 clinical trial may be initiated and/or a partnership to advance further development may be sought. The competition
we face with the development of our vaccines is extensive and could adversely affect us in many ways including the increased numbers
of vaccines currently being administered under emergency use authorizations, supplies of raw materials including adjuvants for clinical
testing, timing of manufacturers to make our vaccine for testing, available government funding and other funding through partnerships.
In addition, several companies are in the process of developing various treatments to treat or prevent COVID-19. For example, Pfizer
and Merck Co., Inc. have developed antiviral pills for the treatment of COVID-19. To the extent that these or other treatments
are viewed as an alternative to vaccination against COVID-19, our competitive position could be harmed. 

26 

MU1140
Homologs and Other Lantibiotics 

MU1140
will likely compete directly with antibiotic drugs such as vancomycin and newer drugs, including Cubicin (daptomycin) and Zyvox
 (linezolid). Given the growing resistance of target pathogens to even new antibiotics, we believe that there is ample room in the
marketplace for additional antibiotics. Many of our competitors are taking approaches to drug development differing from our approach,
including using traditional screening of natural products; genomics to identify new targets, and combinatorial chemistry to generate
new chemical structures. Competition in the pharmaceutical industry is based on drug safety, efficacy, ease of use, patient compliance,
price, marketing, and distribution. Our lantibiotic development will depend on our success in developing MU1140 homologs and to the point
of commercialization or partnership and in the process securing and protecting our intellectual property. 

Our
Intellectual Property 

We
rely upon a combination of licenses, patents, trade secrets, know-how, and licensing opportunities to develop our business. Our future
prospects depend on our ability to protect our intellectual property. We also need to operate without infringing the proprietary rights
of third parties. 

Patents 

We
attempt to protect our technology and products through patents and patent applications pursuant to the terms of our license agreements.
We have a worldwide, nonexclusive intellectual property and biological materials license agreement with NIAID, an institute within the
NIH, relating to certain research, patent applications and biological materials involving prefusion coronavirus spike proteins and their
use in the development and commercialization of vaccine to provide specific, lifetime immunity from SARS-CoV-2. We also have worldwide,
nonexclusive intellectual property and biological materials license agreement with the NRC which provides us with a platform that can
generate cell lines for high-yield production of spike protein antigens for existing and emerging variants of concern. This platform
should allow production of cell lines within six to eight weeks of spike gene sequence availability, compared with six to nine months
for traditional production of such cell lines. We co-own the intellectual property for certain homologs of our MU1140 product candidate
with the Texas A M University System. 

The
effect of issued patents is that they provide patent protection for the claims covered by the patents. While the expiration of a product
patent normally results in a loss of market exclusivity for the covered product or product candidate, commercial benefits may continue
to be derived from: (i) later-granted patents on processes and intermediates related to the most economical method of manufacture of
the active ingredient of such product; (ii) patents relating to the use of such product; (iii) patents relating to novel compositions
and formulations; and (iv) in the United States and certain other countries, market exclusivity that may be available under relevant
law. The effect of patent expiration on products or product candidates also depends upon many other factors such as the nature of the
market and the position of the product in it, the growth of the market, the complexities and economics of the process for manufacture
of the active ingredient of the product and the requirements of new drug provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act or similar
laws and regulations in other countries. 

We
believe that the protection of discoveries in connection with our development activities, our proprietary products, technologies, processes
and know-how and all of our intellectual property are important to our business. To achieve a competitive position, we rely on trade
secrets, non-patented proprietary know-how and continuing technological innovation, where patent protection is not believed to be appropriate
or attainable. In addition, as outlined above, we have a number of patent licenses from third parties, some of which may be important
to our business. There can be no assurance that any of our patents, licenses or other intellectual property rights will afford us any
protection from competition. 

Trademarks 

Our
trademarks are important to our business. We currently use the following unregistered trademarks: SMaRT Replacement Therapy , MU1140 ,
and LPT3-04 . In March 2022, the USPTO issued a Notice of Allowance in connection with our application for registration of the
mark of ORAGENICS (therapeutic products; anti-infectives and vaccine products). Registration of the mark of ORAGENICS is
pending, subject to our filing of a Statement of Use and the subsequent acceptance thereof by the USPTO. We also have rights to use other
names essential to our business. Federally registered trademarks have a perpetual life, as long as they are maintained and renewed on
a timely basis and used properly as trademarks, subject to the rights of third parties to seek cancellation of the trademarks if they
claim priority or confusion of usage. We regard our trademarks and other proprietary rights as valuable assets and believe they have
significant value to us. 

27 

Protection
of Trade Secrets 

We
attempt to protect our trade secrets, including the processes, concepts, ideas and documentation associated with our technologies, through
the use of confidentiality agreements and non-competition agreements with our current employees and with other parties to whom we have
divulged such trade secrets. There can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies
for any breach, that others will not independently develop equivalent proprietary information or that other third parties will not otherwise
gain access to our trade secrets and other intellectual property. If our employees or other parties breach our confidentiality agreements
and non-competition agreements or if these agreements are not sufficient to protect our technology or are found to be unenforceable,
our competitors could acquire and use information that we consider to be our trade secrets and we may not be able to compete effectively.
Most of our competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, technical and manufacturing resources than we have and we may
not be profitable if our competitors are also able to take advantage of our trade secrets. 

We
may find it necessary to initiate litigation to enforce our patent rights, to protect our intellectual property or to determine the scope
and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation is costly and time-consuming, and there can be no assurance that our litigation
expenses will not be significant in the future or that we will prevail in any such litigation. 

Government
Grants 

We
have previously received funding from government agencies under the National Science Foundation s and National Institute of Health s
Small Business Innovation Research, or SBIR, grants. Eligibility of public companies to receive such grants is based on size and ownership
criteria which are under review by the Small Business Administration, or SBA. As a result, our eligibility may change in the future and
additional funding from this source may not be available. We have also applied for funding pursuant to BARDA but did not receive a grant
award. While we continue to pursue grants and or government funding related to COVID-19 it may not be available to us. In
addition, although we seek to protect the competitive benefits we derive from our patents, proprietary information, and other intellectual
property, we may not have the right to prohibit the U.S. government from using certain technologies developed or acquired by us due to
federal research grants or to prohibit third-party companies, including our competitors, from using those technologies in providing products
and services to the U.S. government. The U.S. government could have the right to royalty-free use of technologies that we may develop
under such grants. We may commercially exploit those government-funded technologies and may assert our intellectual property rights against
other non-government users of technology developed by us, but we may not be successful in our efforts to do so. 

In
October 2021, we were awarded a small business innovation research grant in the amount of 250,000 Computer-aided Design for
Improved Lantibiotics R41GM136034) for our continued research and development of lantibiotics, including its collaborative program
with the Biomolecular Sciences Institute at Florida International University (FIU). The grant provides us with funding to develop novel
lantibiotics for the treatment of ESKAPE pathogens (defined as Enterococcus faecium, Staphylococcus aureus, Klebsiella pneumoniae,
Acinetobacter baumannii, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Enterobacter spp.). 

Human
Capital 

Employees 

We
have six full-time employees. We enjoy good relations with our employees. None of our employees are a member of any labor union, and
we are not a party to any collective bargaining agreement. 

Consultants 

We
have consulting agreements with a number of scientists, clinicians and regulatory experts. They serve as important contacts for us throughout
the broader scientific and clinical communities. They are distinguished individuals with expertise in numerous fields, including vaccine
development and regulatory matters. 

We
retain each consultant according to the terms of a consulting agreement. Under such agreements, we pay them a consulting fee and reimburse
them for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in performing their services for us. In addition, some consultants hold options to purchase
our common stock, subject to the vesting requirements contained in separate award agreements. Our consultants may be employed by other
entities and therefore may have commitments to their employer or may have other consulting or advisory agreements that may limit their
availability to us. 

28 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated in November 1996 and commenced operations in 1999. We consummated our initial public offering in June 2003. Our corporate
office is located at 4902 Eisenhower Boulevard, Suite 125, Tampa, Florida 33634. 

Available
Information 

Our
website is www.oragenics.com. On our website we make available at no cost our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish them to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The information
contained on our website is not a part of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below before making
an investment decision in our securities. These risk factors are effective as of the date of this Form 10-K and shall be deemed to be
modified or superseded to the extent that a statement contained in our future filings modifies or replaces such statement. All of these
risks may impair our business operations. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties and actual
results may differ materially from the results we discuss in the forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of
our stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risk
Factor Summary 

The
below summary of risk factors provides an overview of many of the risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities.
As a result, the below summary risks do not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read the summary
risks together with the more detailed discussion of risks set forth following this section as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Additional risks, beyond those summarized below or discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report, may apply to our activities or operations
as currently conducted or as we may conduct them in the future or in the markets in which we operate or may in the future operate. Consistent
with the foregoing, we are exposed to a variety of risks, including risks associated with the following: 

29 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which could, if not remediated, adversely impact
the reliability of our financial statements, result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause current and potential
stockholders to lose confidence in our financial reporting, which in turn could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We have incurred significant losses since our inception and
expect to continue to experience losses for the foreseeable future. 

The restatement of certain of our financial statements may subject us to
risks and uncertainties, including the increased possibility of legal proceedings. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting which could, if not remediated, adversely impact the reliability of our financial statements, result
in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause current and potential stockholders to lose confidence in our financial
reporting, which in turn could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

We will need to raise additional capital in the future to complete
the development and commercialization of our product candidates and operate our business. 

We have a limited number of authorized shares of common stock
and may be unable to achieve the requisite approval for an increase of such authorized shares. 

Substantial uncertainties regarding future funding and financial
performance presents uncertainty as a going concern. 

We were denied funding from the Biomedical Advanced Research
and Development Authority BARDA and we may be unable to win any government contracts, grants, agreement or other funding
in the future. Even if we are successful in obtaining such contracts, grants, agreements or other funding, we cannot assure the success
of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate, that it will be approved by the FDA or other public health regulatory authority or that any
funding provided will be sufficient to complete development and successful commercialization. 

We may rely on government funding and collaboration with government
entities for our vaccine development, which adds uncertainty to our research and development efforts and may impose requirements that
increase the costs of development, commercialization and production of any programs developed under those government-funded programs. 

We have limited vaccine-specific research, development, manufacturing,
testing, regulatory, commercialization, sales, distribution, and marketing experience, and we may need to invest significant financial
and management resources to establish these capabilities. Despite such investments and our best efforts, our strategic acquisition of
Noachis Terra may turn out to be unsuccessful. 

30 

We have limited financial resources and we may not be able
to maintain our current level of operations or be able to fund the further development of our new NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. 

Our vaccine product candidate is at the pre-clinical stage
and has not been approved for sale. We have not conducted substantial research and development for a vaccine product candidate, and we
may be unable to produce a vaccine that successfully prevents the virus in a timely and economical manner, if at all. 

Many of our competitors have significantly greater resources
and experience, which may negatively impact our commercial opportunities. 

The market opportunities for our vaccine product candidate
may be smaller than we believe them to be. Moreover, any pandemic threat may abate, the underlying virus may mutate, or alternative vaccines
or technologies may be adopted, before our vaccines achieve regulatory approval. 

If we are unable to successfully develop our product candidates,
our operating results and competitive position could be harmed. Research and development involves a lengthy and complex process, and
we may not be successful in our efforts to develop and commercialize our product candidates. The further development and ultimate commercialization
of product candidates for SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19, as well as our other product candidates, are keys to our strategy. 

If we are successful in producing a vaccine against SARS-CoV-2,
we may need to devote significant resources to its scale-up and development, including for use by the U.S. government or other foreign
authorities. Moreover, government involvement may limit the commercial success of our vaccine product candidate. 

Our product candidates, if approved, will face significant
competition and our failure to compete effectively may prevent us from achieving significant market penetration. 

Because our vaccine product development efforts depend on new
and rapidly evolving technologies, we cannot be certain that our efforts will be successful. 

Our SARS-CoV-2 vaccine product candidate may face competition
from biosimilars approved through an abbreviated regulatory pathway. 

We may be unable to refine a method to produce MU1140 homologs
in large-scale commercial quantities. If we cannot, we will be unable to generate significant revenues from sales of a MU1140 homolog
product candidate. 

Our success will depend on our ability to obtain regulatory
approval of our product candidate under our Lantibiotics Program and its successful commercialization. 

We may choose not to continue developing or commercializing
any of our product candidates at any time during development or after approval, which would reduce or eliminate our potential return
on investment for those product candidates. 

We have limited experience in the conduct of clinical trials.
We have never initiated a vaccine-related clinical trial. We have never obtained approval of any product candidates. We may be unable
to undertake any of those actions successfully. 

We cannot assure you that the market and consumers will accept
our products or product candidates. If they do not, we will be unable to generate significant revenues from our products or product candidates
and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 

Failure to obtain marketing approval in international jurisdictions
would prevent our product candidates from being marketed abroad. 

We will need to further increase the size and complexity of
our organization in the future, and we may experience difficulties in executing our growth strategy and managing our growth. 

If our manufacturers and suppliers in general fail to meet
our requirements and the requirements of regulatory authorities, our research and development may be materially adversely affected. 

We rely on the significant experience and specialized expertise
of our senior management and scientific team and the loss of any of our key personnel or our inability to successfully hire their successors
could harm our business. 

We need to hire and retain additional qualified scientists
and other highly skilled personnel to maintain and grow our business. 

If any of our product candidates are shown to be ineffective
or harmful in humans, we will be unable to generate revenues from these product candidates. 

Because we are new to vaccine development, we must identify
vaccines for development with our technologies and establish successful third-party relationships. 

We intend to seek licensing partners to cover a portion of
the costs associated with obtaining regulatory approval for, and manufacturing and marketing of, our product candidates. If we are unable
to obtain agreements with third parties to fund these costs, we will have to fund such costs ourselves or we may be unable to extract
any value from these technologies. 

We might not be successful at acquiring, investing in or integrating
businesses, entering into joint ventures or divesting businesses. 

We may face product liability exposure, and if successful claims
are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability if our insurance coverage for those claims is inadequate. 

31 

We may be adversely affected by natural disasters, pandemics
and other catastrophic events, and by man-made problems such as terrorism, that could disrupt our business operations and our business
continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 

Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and
certain other tax attributes may be limited, each of which could harm our business. 

Our auditor has previously expressed substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern and absent additional financing we may be unable to remain a going concern. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property and Data Security and Privacy 

Our vaccine research and development efforts are to a large
extent dependent upon our intellectual property and biologicals materials license with the NIAID, the NIH, and the NRC( Licensors ). 

We may incur additional expenses and obligations in connection
with our NIH and NRC licenses Licenses Agreements ). 

The intellectual property covered by our License Agreements
concerns patent applications and provisional applications. We cannot assure investors that any of the currently pending or future patent
applications will result in granted patents, nor can we predict how long it will take for such patents to be granted. 

We cannot prevent the Licensors or other companies, including
our competitors, from licensing the same intellectual property and biological materials that we have licensed or from otherwise duplicating
our business model and operations. 

Our Lantibiotic Development program development efforts are
to a large extent dependent upon our intellectual property and is based on early-stage technology in its field. 

We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of
our patents and other intellectual property. 

Changes in patent law or patent jurisprudence could diminish
the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 

If we are unable to protect our trademarks or other intellectual
property from infringement, our business prospects may be harmed. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights
throughout the world. 

If we fail to comply with our obligations under our intellectual
property license agreements, we could lose our license rights that are important to our business and development of our product candidates. 

If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights
of third parties, it will be costly and time-consuming and an unfavorable outcome in that litigation could have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our
patents or other intellectual property or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive and time-consuming. 

Our success will depend on our ability to partner or sub-license
our product candidates and their subsequent successful commercialization. 

If our intellectual property rights do not adequately protect
our products or product candidates, or if third parties claim we are infringing their intellectual property rights, others could compete
against us more directly or we could be subject to significant litigation. Such results could prevent us from marketing our products
or product candidates and hurt our profitability. 

Our business and operations would suffer in the event of cybersecurity/information
systems risk. 

Security breaches and other disruptions to our information
technology systems or those of the vendors on whom we rely could compromise our information and expose us to liability, reputational
damage, or other costs. 

We may incur costs of addressing a cybersecurity incident. 

Our business and operations would suffer in the event of failures
in our internal computer systems or those of our collaborators. 

Risks
Related to Government Regulations 

Our product candidates are subject to substantial government
regulation, including the regulation of nonclinical testing and clinical trials. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for our
product candidates, we will be unable to generate revenues. 

We may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for our SARS-CoV-2
vaccine product candidate, or other early-stage product candidates under applicable regulatory requirements. The FDA and foreign regulatory
bodies have substantial discretion in the approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of product candidates.
The delay, limitation or denial of any regulatory approval would adversely impact commercialization, our potential to generate revenue,
our business and our operating results. 

32 

Delays or difficulties in the enrollment of patients in clinical
trials may result in additional costs and delays in our ability to generate significant revenues, and may delay or prevent our receipt
of any regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize our planned and future products. 

Any product candidates that we commercialize will be subject
to ongoing and continued regulatory review. 

Our product candidates may cause serious or undesirable side
effects or possess other unexpected properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of
approved labeling or result in post-approval regulatory action. 

If any of our product candidates are approved for marketing
and we are found to have improperly promoted off-label uses, or if physicians misuse our products or use our products off-label, we may
become subject to prohibitions on the sale or marketing of our products, product liability claims and significant fines, penalties and
sanctions, and our brand and reputation could be harmed. 

We may also be subject to healthcare laws, regulation and enforcement
and our failure to comply with those laws could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. 

Our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators,
consultants, vendors and CROs may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards
and requirements. 

Even if our current product candidates or any future product
candidates obtain regulatory approval, they may fail to achieve the broad degree of health care payers, physician and patient adoption
and use necessary for commercial success. 

If we are unable to achieve and maintain coverage and adequate
levels of reimbursement for any of our product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval, or any future products we may seek
to commercialize, their commercial success may be severely hindered. 

If our products do not receive favorable third-party reimbursement,
or if new restrictive legislation is adopted, market acceptance of our products may be limited and we may not generate significant revenues. 

Risks
Related to Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) 

Our business is subject to risks arising from public health
crises, epidemic or pandemic diseases, such as the recent global outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19). 

Our ability to conduct clinical trials may be impeded, delayed,
limited or prevented entirely due to the spread of COVID-19, the imposition of government restrictions and the concurrent disruptions
to ordinary business activities globally. 

Our business involves international components, and we are
exposed to various global and local risks related to the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) that could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Macroeconomic pressures in the markets in which we operate,
including, but not limited to, the effectives of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) may alter the ways in which we conduct our business
operations and manage our financial capacities. 

Economic uncertainty may adversely affect our access to capital,
cost of capital and ability to execute our business plan as scheduled. 

Inadequate funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government
agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being
developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which
the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

The issuance of additional equity securities by us in the future
would result in dilution to our existing common shareholders. 

We cannot assure we will continue to be listed on the NYSE
American. 

Our financial results could vary significantly from quarter
to quarter and are difficult to predict. 

Our Series A and Series B preferred stock, if not converted
into common stock, has a distribution and liquidation preference senior to our common stock in liquidation which could negatively affect
the value of our common stock and impair our ability to raise additional capital. 

The conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock, and Series
B Preferred Stock and the exercise of currently outstanding warrants and options could result in significant dilution to the holders
of our common stock. 

Certain provisions of our articles of incorporation, bylaws,
executive employment agreements and stock option plan may prevent a change of control of our company that a shareholder may consider
favorable. 

The price and volume of our common stock has been volatile
and fluctuates substantially, which could result in substantial losses for stockholders. 

33 

We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive
and could divert management attention. 

Future sales or issuances of our common stock in the public
markets, or the perception of such sales, could depress the trading price of our common stock. 

The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources,
divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified members for our Board of Directors. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls,
we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud which could subject us to regulatory sanctions, harm our
business and operating results and cause the trading price of our stock to decline. 

We will continue to incur significant costs as a result of
and devote substantial management time to operating as a public company listed on the NYSE American. 

If securities or industry analysts publish research or publish
inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

We may issue debt or debt securities convertible into equity
securities, any of which may be senior to our common stock as to distributions and in liquidation, which could negatively affect the
value of our common stock. 

We are a smaller reporting company and, as a
result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, our common stock may be less
attractive to investors. 

We have never paid cash dividends on our capital stock, and
we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

The
restatement of certain of our financial statements may subject us to risks and uncertainties, including the increased possibility of
legal proceedings. 

On
April 4, 2023, the management and the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors concluded that the following financial
statements should be restated and should no longer be relied upon: 

i. 
 The
 Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2022 included in the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 13 2022 (the Q1 2022 10-Q and 

ii. 
 The
 Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 included in the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022 (the Q2 2022 10-Q and 

iii. 
 The
 Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 included in the
 Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022 (the Q3 2022 10-Q ). 

The
following errors impacted such filings: (i) not properly analyzing research and development contracts . 

The
Company determined that the reporting effects of the above errors had a material impact to the Company s unaudited consolidated
financial statements of the Company for the Q1 2022 10-Q, Q2 2022 10-Q, and Q3 2022 10-Q. As a result, the Company determined that the
unaudited consolidated financial statements for the Q1 2022 10-Q, Q2 2022 10-Q, and Q3 2022 10-Q should be restated, and the Company
should file an amendment to the Q1 2022 10-Q, Q2 2022 10-Q, and Q3 2022 10-Q with the SEC. All such amendments were filed with the SEC on April 14, 2023. 

As
a result of the restatement, we may become subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including, among others, the increased possibility
of legal proceedings or a review by the SEC and other regulatory bodies. The costs of defending against such legal proceedings or administrative
actions could be significant. In addition, we could face monetary judgments, penalties or other sanctions that could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, the restatements: 

May
 have the effect of eroding the investor confidence in us and our financial reporting and accounting practice and processes; 

May
 negatively impact the trading price of our common stock; 

Diverted,
 and may continue to divert management s attention from the operation of our business; 

Requiring
 that we incur additional expenses and may require that we incur significant expenses relating to any litigation or regulatory examinations,
 investigations, proceedings or orders; 

May
 make it more difficult, expensive and time consuming for us to raise capital, if necessary, on acceptable terms, if at all; and 

May
 make it more difficult to pursue transactions or implement business strategies that might otherwise be beneficial to our business. 

The
occurrence or continued occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which could, if not remediated, adversely impact
the reliability of our financial statements, result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause current and potential
stockholders to lose confidence in our financial reporting, which in turn could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

The
Company has restated certain information contained in its previously issued unaudited interim consolidated financial statements for the
Q1 2022 10-Q, Q2 2022 10-Q, and Q3 2022 10-Q. All such amendments were filed with the SEC on April 14, 2023. 

We
have concluded that there is a material weakness related to the review of research and development contracts. For additional information
on the material weakness identified and our remedial efforts, see Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . The material weakness
resulted in material errors in the unaudited financial statements for the three-month period ended March 31, 2022, the three- and six-
month periods ended June 30, 2022, and the three- and nine- month periods ended September 30, 2022, Thus, management determined that
our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were not effective. Under Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board standards, a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a misstatement of our consolidated annual or interim financial statements will not be
prevented or detected on a timely basis. The existence of this issue could adversely affect us, our reputation or investor perceptions
of us. We will take measures to remediate the underlying cause of the material weakness noted above. As we continue to evaluate and work
to remediate the material weakness, we may determine to take additional measures to address the control deficiencies. 

Although
we plan to complete this remediation process as quickly as possible, we cannot provide any assurance as to when the remediation process
will be complete, and our measures may not prove to be successful in remediating the material weakness. If our remedial measures are
insufficient to address the material weakness, or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control
over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain misstatements and we
could be required to restate our financial results. In addition, if we are unable to successfully remediate the material weakness or
if we are unable to produce accurate consolidated financial statements in the future, our stock price, liquidity and access to the capital
markets may be adversely affected and we may be unable to maintain compliance with applicable stock exchange listing requirements. Further,
because of its inherent limitations, even our remediated and effective internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in our conditions, or that the degree of compliance with our policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

We
have incurred significant losses since our inception and expect to continue to experience losses for the foreseeable future. 

We
have incurred significant net losses and negative cash flow in each year since our inception, including net losses of approximately 14.3
million and 15.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our accumulated deficit
was approximately 185.6 million. We have devoted a significant amount of our financial resources to research and development, including
our nonclinical development activities and clinical trials, as well as licensing and acquisitions related to our product candidates.
We expect that the costs associated with our plans to continue pre-clinical research, contract manufacturing and file an IND for our
vaccine product candidate and the research and development of our product candidates in the area of lantibiotics Lantibiotics
Program will increase the level of our overall expenses significantly going forward. Additionally, our License Agreements also
require the payment of certain recurring and performance-based royalties that may negatively impact our financial capabilities. As a
result, we expect to continue to incur substantial net losses and negative cash flow for the foreseeable future. These losses and negative
cash flows have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our shareholders equity and working capital. Because of the
numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development and commercialization, we are unable to accurately predict the timing
or amount of substantial expenses or when, or if, we will be able to generate the revenue necessary to achieve or maintain profitability. 

We
will need to raise additional capital in the future to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates and operate
our business. 

Developing
and commercializing biopharmaceutical products, including conducting nonclinical studies and clinical trials and establishing manufacturing
capabilities, and the progress of our efforts to develop and commercialize our product candidates, is expensive, and can cause us to
use our limited, available capital resources faster than we currently anticipate. We anticipate that our cash resources of approximately
 11.4 million as of December 31, 2022, will be sufficient to fund our operations as presently structured through the fourth quarter of 2023. We are currently evaluating cost-saving initiatives, including restructuring that could allow further cash runway through the first quarter of 2024
to the extent such initiatives are undertaken. Our actual costs may ultimately vary from our current expectations, which could materially
impact our use of capital and our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our
operations. Our current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are not sufficient to fully implement our business strategy
and sustain our operations. Accordingly, we will need to seek additional sources of financing and such additional financing may not be
available on favorable terms, if at all. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue, if ever, we expect to finance
future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or corporate or government collaboration and licensing
arrangements. If we do not succeed in raising additional funds on acceptable terms, we may be unable to complete existing nonclinical
and planned clinical trials or obtain approval of our product candidates from the FDA and other regulatory authorities. We expect capital
outlays and operating expenditures to increase over the next several years as we expand our infrastructure, and research and development
activities. Specifically, we need to raise additional capital to, among other things: 

conduct
 pre-clinical research for our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate, file an IND with the FDA and, if approved, engage in Phase 1 clinical
 trials; 

34 

engage
 in GMP and non-GMP manufacturing for our product candidates at the pre-clinical research and clinical trial stages; 

expand
 our clinical laboratory operations and conduct further research and development in lantibiotics; 

fund
 our clinical validation study activities; 

expand
 our research and development activities; and 

finance
 our capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses. 

Our
present and future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the
 level of research and development investment budgeted to develop our current and future product candidates through each phase of
 development; 

the
 timing, scope, progress, results and cost of research and development, testing, screening,
 manufacturing, preclinical and non-clinical studies and clinical trials, including any impacts
 related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

costs
 of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 

our
 need or decision to acquire or license complementary technologies or acquire complementary businesses; 

changes
 in test development plans needed to address any difficulties in product candidate selection for commercialization; 

competing
 vaccines and technological and market developments; 

our
 interaction and relationship with the FDA, or other, regulatory agencies; and 

changes
 in regulatory policies or laws that affect our operations. 

Additional
capital may not be available on satisfactory terms, or at all. Even if we enter third-party arrangements for the purpose of raising capital
through the issuance of equity, such as our At the Market Offering Agreement with Ladenburg, Thalmann Co., Inc., we may not be
successful in raising capital through such efforts. Furthermore, if we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, dilution
to our existing stockholders would result. Any equity securities issued also may provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior
to those of holders of our common stock. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would have rights,
preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock, and the terms of the debt securities issued could impose significant
restrictions on our operations. If we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we might be required
to relinquish significant rights to our technologies or our products under development, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable
to us, which could lower the economic value of those programs to us. If adequate funds are not available, we may have to scale back our
operations or limit our research and development activities, which may cause us to progress at a slower pace, or not at all, and our
business could be adversely affected. 

In
addition, we could be forced to discontinue product development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates, and/or
forego licensing attractive business opportunities. 

We
have a limited number of authorized shares of common stock available and may be unable to achieve the requisite approval for an increase
of such authorized shares now or in the future. 

We
rely on the issuance of our equity securities to investors for purposes of raising additional capital, including the issuance of
shares of our common stock. As of February 28, 2023, 4,166,666 shares of common stock were authorized, of which 2,024,657 shares
were issued and outstanding. Approximately 1,236,772 are reserved for issuance pursuant to our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and
outstanding options and warrants, and our at-the-market program with only 905,237 remaining for issuance. The remaining shares of
common stock available for issuance may not be sufficient to raise the necessary capital for purposes of maintaining or continuing
our operations. At the 2021 annual meeting of shareholders, we were unable to achieve the requisite approval for an increase in the
number of authorized shares of common stock. As a result, our access to additional capital through the issuance of shares of common
stock will be limited. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve such requisite approval to increase the number of authorized shares
of common stock in future, if ever. 

35 

Given
our current cash position and significant uncertainties related to future funding opportunities and our 2022 financials, substantial
doubt exists regarding our ability to continue as a going concern through one year from the date that the financial statements included
in this Annual Report were issued. 

Our
management must evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. As of December 31, 2022, we
had 11.4 million in cash and cash equivalents. During 2022, we incurred a net loss of 14.3 million. As of December 31, 2022, our accumulated
deficit was approximately 185.6 million. 

Our
ability to fund our operations is dependent upon funding from grants and equity financings. New financings may not be available to us
on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Also, any collaborations, strategic alliances, and marketing, distribution, or licensing
arrangements may require us to give up some or all of our rights to a product candidate, which in some cases may be at less than the
full potential value of such rights. In addition, the regulatory and commercial success of our vaccine candidates remains uncertain.
If we are unable to obtain additional capital, we will assess our capital resources and may be required to delay, pivot, reduce the scope
of, or eliminate some or all of our operations, or downsize our organization, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and ability to operate as a going concern. 

Our
management believes that, given the significance of these uncertainties, substantial doubt exists regarding our ability to continue as
a going concern through one year from the date that these financial statements are issued. 

We
were denied funding from the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority BARDA and we may be unable to win
any government contracts, grants, agreement or other funding in the future. Even if we are successful in obtaining such contracts, grants,
agreements or other funding, we cannot assure the success of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate, that it will be approved by the
FDA or other public health regulatory authority or that any funding provided will be sufficient to complete development and successful
commercialization. 

From
time to time, we may apply for contracts, grants, agreements or other funding from government agencies, academic institutions and non-profit
organizations. Such contracts or grants can be highly attractive because they provide capital to fund the ongoing development of our
technologies and vaccine candidates without diluting our stockholders. However, significant competition exists for these contracts, grants,
agreements or other funding. Entities offering such contracts, grants, agreements or other funding may have requirements to apply for
or to otherwise be eligible to receive such contracts, grants, agreements or other funding that our competitors may be able to satisfy
that we cannot. In addition, such entities have limited funding available to award and may make arbitrary decisions as to whether to
offer contracts or make grants, to whom the contracts or grants will be awarded and the size of the contracts or grants to each awardee.
Even if we are able to satisfy the award requirements, we may not be a successful awardee. Therefore, we may not be able to win any contracts
or grants in a timely manner, if at all. For example, we applied for BARDA funding in connection with our license with the NIH and received
notification that are request for BARDA funding had been denied. 

Even
if we receive a financing through one of the aforementioned mechanisms, the success of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate cannot
be assured solely by our ability to obtain such financing, nor can it assure that any vaccine product candidate so financed will succeed
in clinical trials and receive regulatory approval from the FDA or other public health regulatory authorities. Moreover, we cannot guarantee
that our receipt of such financing will obviate the need for future financial resources to support the further development of our NT-CoV2-1
vaccine product candidate, as additional development activities may be needed, and the vaccine approval and development process can be
costly and unpredictable. We have no control over the resources and funding that government agencies may devote to these agreements,
which may be subject to annual renewal and which generally may be terminated by the government agencies at any time. Accordingly, our
receipt of such funding cannot be relied upon solely as an indicator or guarantee of the success of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. 

We
may rely on government funding and collaboration with government entities for our vaccine development, which adds uncertainty to our
research and development efforts and may impose requirements that increase the costs of development, commercialization and production
of any programs developed under those government-funded programs. 

Because
we anticipate the resources necessary to develop our new NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate will be substantial, we may explore funding
and development collaboration opportunities with the U.S. government and its agencies. For example, we may continue to apply for certain
grant funding from BARDA, the NIH or other government agencies to further the research, development, manufacture, testing, and regulatory
approval of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. We have no control or input over whether an application for BARDA grant funding
or any other funding will be accepted or approved, in full or in part, and we cannot provide investors with any assurances that we will
receive such funding. 

36 

Similar
to the requirements imposed by our new NIH license, contracts and grants funded by the U.S. government and its agencies, contain provisions
that reflect the government s substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts, including
powers of the government to: 

reduce
 or modify the government s obligations under such agreements without the consent of the other party; 

claim
 rights, including IP rights, in products and data developed under such agreements; 

audit
 contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs; 

suspend
 the contractor or grantee from receiving new contracts pending resolution of alleged violations of procurement laws or regulations; 

impose
 U.S. manufacturing requirements for products that embody inventions conceived or first reduced to practice under such agreements; 

suspend
 or debar the contractor or grantee from doing future business with the government; 

control
 and potentially prohibit the export of products; 

pursue
 criminal or civil remedies under the False Claims Act, False Statements Act, and similar remedy provisions specific to government
 agreements; and 

limit
 the government s financial liability to amounts appropriated by the U.S. Congress on a fiscal-year basis, thereby leaving some
 uncertainty about the future availability of funding for a program even after it has been funded for an initial period. 

In
addition, government contracts and grants, ordinarily contain additional requirements that may increase our costs of doing business,
reduce our profits, and expose us to liability for failure to comply with these terms and conditions, including the following: 

specialized
 accounting systems unique to government contracts and grants; 

mandatory
 financial audits and potential liability for price adjustments or recoupment of government funds after such funds have been spent; 

public
 disclosures of certain contract and grant information, which may enable competitors to gain insights into our research program; and 

mandatory
 socioeconomic compliance requirements, including labor standards, non-discrimination, and affirmative action programs, and environmental
 compliance requirements. 

If
we received such grants or agreements, we may not have the right to prohibit the U.S. government from using certain technologies developed
by us, and we may not be able to prohibit third-parties, including our competitors, from using those technologies in providing products
and services to the U.S. government. Further, under such agreements we could be subject to obligations to and the rights of the U.S.
government set forth in the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980, meaning the U.S. government may have rights in certain inventions developed under
these government-funded agreements, including a non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable worldwide license to use inventions for
any governmental purpose. In addition, the U.S. government could have the right to require us to grant exclusive, partially exclusive,
or nonexclusive licenses to any of these inventions to a third party if it determines that: (i) adequate steps have not been taken to
commercialize the invention; (ii) government action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; or (iii) government action is
necessary to meet requirements for public use under federal regulations, also referred to as march-in rights. Although
the U.S. government s historic restraint with respect to these rights indicates they are unlikely to be used, any exercise of the
march-in rights could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In the event
we would be subject to the U.S. government s exercise such march-in rights, we may receive compensation that is deemed reasonable
by the U.S. government in its sole discretion, which may be less than what we might be able to obtain in the open market. 

37 

Additionally,
as is the case under our new NIH license, the U.S. government requires that any products embodying any invention generated through the
use of U.S. government funding be manufactured substantially in the United States. The license with the NRC also contains similar manufacturing
requirements which may conflict with the NIH license. The manufacturing preference requirement can be waived if the owner of the intellectual
property can show that reasonable but unsuccessful efforts have been made to grant licenses on similar terms to potential licensees that
would be likely to manufacture substantially in the United States or that under the circumstances domestic manufacture is not commercially
feasible. This preference for U.S. manufacturers may limit our ability to contract with non-U.S. manufacturers for products covered by
such intellectual property. Obligations relating to manufacturing preferences and vaccine availability in Canada are included in the
NRC license agreement. 

Although
we will need to comply with some of these obligations in relation to our NIH license, not all of the aforementioned obligations may be
applicable to us unless and only to the extent that we receive a government grant, contract or other agreement. However, as an organization,
we are relatively new to government contracting and new to the regulatory compliance obligations that such contracting entails. If we
were to fail to maintain compliance with those obligations, we may be subject to potential liability and to termination of our contracts,
including the NIH license, which may have a materially adverse effect on our ability to develop our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. 

We
have limited vaccine-specific research, development, manufacturing, testing, regulatory, commercialization, sales, distribution, and
marketing experience, and we may need to invest significant financial and management resources to establish these capabilities. Despite
such investments and our best efforts, our strategic acquisition of Noachis Terra may turn out to be unsuccessful. 

As
part of our business strategy, we monitor and analyze strategic acquisition opportunities that we believe will be strategic fits for
the Company and beneficial to the Company s shareholders. As demonstrated by our acquisition of Noachis Terra in May of 2020, we
may acquire companies, businesses, products and technologies that complement, augment or transform our existing business. However, such
acquisitions could involve numerous risks that may prevent us from fully realizing the benefits that we anticipated as a result of such
transactions. 

Prior
to our acquisition of Noachis Terra, we had little-to-no experience in the development and commercialization of vaccines. Although, in
connection with the acquisition, we added experienced vaccine researchers and consultants and appointed an experienced vaccine industry
professional to our Board of Directors, given our size and current pre-clinical stage of development, we still have limited vaccine-specific
research, development, manufacturing, testing, regulatory, commercialization, sales, distribution, and marketing experience. To successfully
develop our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate, we will need to dedicate significant amounts of our limited financial and management
resources to bolster our expertise in this area. Our success depends significantly on the continued contributions of our executive officers,
financial, scientific and technical personnel and consultants, and on our ability to attract additional personnel. 

During
our operating history, many essential responsibilities have been assigned to a relatively small number of individuals, and we currently
depend heavily upon the efforts and abilities of our management team. However, as we advance into vaccine development, the demands on
our key employees will expand and we will need to recruit additional qualified employees or consultants for our Company. The competition
for such qualified personnel is intense, particularly in light of the demand for vaccines or other treatment for SARS-CoV-2 and/or COVID-19.
The loss of services of any of our existing consultants or our inability to attract additional personnel to fill critical positions could
adversely affect our ability to efficiently develop our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. The loss or unavailability of the services
of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results. 

Alternatively,
or in addition to the above, we may enter into strategic alliances or partnership with other vaccine industry entities to utilize their
research, development, manufacturing, testing, regulatory or commercialization skills, but we may be unable to enter into such agreements
on favorable terms, if at all. If our future strategic collaborators do not commit sufficient resources to our alliances or partnerships
and the progress of our vaccine development, if any, and we are unable to develop the necessary capabilities on our own, we may be unable
to advance the development of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate to the point of commercialization, even if we obtain regulatory
approval. We will be competing with many companies that currently have existing, extensive and well-funded operations, and without a
significant internal team or the support of a third party to perform essential functions related to vaccine research, development, manufacturing,
testing, regulatory approval, and commercialization, we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies
and our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate may fail. 

38 

Any
failure by us to effectively limit such risks as we implement our strategic acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations and cause the price of our securities to fall. 

We
have limited financial resources and we may not be able to maintain our current level of operations or be able to fund the further development
of our new NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. 

To
date, we have never developed a vaccine product candidate, and we cannot assure investors that we will be able to successfully develop
a vaccine to prevent SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19 with our current resources and capabilities. Because our new NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate
is in early stages of development, and contemplates nasal administration it will require extensive pre-clinical and clinical testing,
and we will need significant additional funding to conduct such research and testing. We do not expect to generate revenue from product
sales, licensing fees, royalties, milestones, contract research or other sources of funds in amounts sufficient to fully fund our operations
for the foreseeable future, and we will therefore use our cash resources, and expect to require additional funds, to maintain our existing
operations, continue our research and development programs, commence future pre-clinical studies and clinical trials for our NT-CoV2-1
vaccine product candidate, and to seek regulatory approvals. 

We
anticipate seeking such additional funds through a combination of public or private equity or debt financings, as well as potential collaborations,
strategic alliances and marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements and non-dilutive funding from government and nongovernment
funding entities, as well as other sources to further the research, development, manufacturing, testing, and regulatory approval of vaccine
product candidates. While we may continue to apply for contracts or grants from academic institutions, nonprofit organizations and governmental
entities, we may not be successful. Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. If we cannot
raise the additional funds required for our anticipated operations or to support our development efforts, we may be required to delay
significantly, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs, downsize our organization, or seek
alternative measures to avoid insolvency, including arrangements with collaborative partners or others that may require us to relinquish
rights to certain of our technologies or our vaccine candidate. If we raise additional funds through future offerings of shares of our
common stock or other debt or equity securities, such offerings would cause dilution of current stockholders percentage ownership
in the Company, which could be substantial. Additionally, future offerings also could have a material and adverse effect on the price
of our common stock. 

Our
vaccine product candidate is at the pre-clinical stage and has not been approved for sale. We have not conducted substantial research
and development for a vaccine product candidate, and we may be unable to produce a vaccine that successfully prevents the virus in a
timely and economical manner, if at all. 

Our
NT-CoV2-1 vaccine development program is in the early stages of research and development, and currently includes only one product candidate,
which is in the pre-clinical stage. Limited data exist regarding the safety and efficacy of our vaccine product candidate, and we must
conduct a substantial amount of additional research, development and clinical testing before any regulatory authority will approve our
vaccine product candidate. The success of our efforts to develop and commercialize our product candidates could fail for a number of
reasons. For example, we could experience delays in product development and clinical trials or unsatisfactory clinical trial results. 

In
addition, adverse events, or the perception of adverse events, relating to a vaccine product candidate administered intranasally and
delivery technologies may negatively impact our ability to develop commercially successful products. For example, pharmaceutical companies
have been subject to claims that the use of some pediatric vaccines has caused personal injuries, including brain damage, central nervous
system damage and other ailments. Regardless of the veracity of or the data supporting these claims, these and other claims may influence
public perception of the use of vaccine product candidates and could result in greater governmental regulation, stricter labeling requirements
and potential regulatory delays in the testing or approval of our potential vaccine product candidate. Such greater government regulation
could have a material effect on our ability to develop and market our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. 

We
have not conducted substantial research on the NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate and we lack experience in the research, development,
manufacture, regulatory approval, marketing, commercialization and implementation of a vaccine product candidate. Also, uncertainties
exist surrounding the longevity and severity of COVID-19 as a global health concern. The success of our efforts to develop and commercialize
our product candidates could fail for a number of reasons. Accordingly, we may be unable to produce a vaccine that successfully targets
SARS-CoV-2 in a timely and economical manner, if at all. 

39 

For
example, we expect to commit significant financial resources and personnel to the development of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate,
which may cause delays in or otherwise negatively impact our other product candidate development program. The outcome of any research
and development program is highly uncertain. Only a small fraction of biotechnology and vaccine development programs ultimately result
in commercial products or even product candidates and a number of events could delay our development efforts and negatively impact our
ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and to manufacture, market and sell, a nasally administered vaccine. Additionally, our ability
to develop an effective vaccine will depend on our ability to work on an accelerated timeline, with uncertain access to financial resources
beyond those that we currently possess, and in competition with a significant number of better-funded and more experienced vaccine-development
companies. Moreover, if the COVID-19 pandemic is effectively contained or the risk of further spread is diminished or eliminated before
we can successfully develop, manufacture and commercialize NT-CoV2-1, we may be unable to identify strategic partners willing to work
with and support us in our development efforts and, even if we obtain regulatory approval, the market that we anticipate for this product
candidate may not exist or may be much smaller than we previously anticipated. Alternatively, even if a market exists, our vaccine product
candidate could be found to be ineffective or unsafe, or otherwise fail to receive necessary regulatory clearances. Our vaccine product
candidate, even if safe and effective, could be difficult to manufacture on a large scale or uneconomical to market, or our competitors
could develop superior products more quickly and efficiently or more effectively market their competing products. Accordingly, our inability
to develop a commercially-successful vaccine product will materially harm our business. In addition, other parties are currently producing
and administering approved vaccines for the treatment for SARS-CoV-2 or under the FDA s Emergency Use Authorization and other competitive
vaccines are expected to seek such authorization as well. Such competitive vaccines already in the market may also lead to the diversion
of governmental and nongovernmental resources away from us and toward our competitors. 

Many
of our competitors have significantly greater resources and experience, which may negatively impact our commercial opportunities. 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are subject to intense competition and rapid and significant technological change. We have
many potential competitors, including major pharmaceutical companies, specialized biotechnology firms, academic institutions, government
agencies and private and public research institutions. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial and technical resources,
experience and expertise in: 

research
 and development; 

pre-clinical
 testing; 

designing
 and implementing clinical trials; 

regulatory
 processes and approvals; 

production
 and manufacturing; and 

sales
 and marketing of approved products. 

Principal
competitive factors in our industry include: 

the
 quality and breadth of an organization s technology; 

management
 of the organization and the execution of the organization s strategy; 

the
 skill and experience of an organization s employees and its ability to recruit and retain skilled and experienced employees; 

an
 organization s intellectual property portfolio; 

the
 range of capabilities, from target identification and validation to drug discovery and development to manufacturing and marketing;
 and 

the
 availability of substantial capital resources to fund discovery, development and commercialization activities. 

Large
and established companies, such as Merck Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, CSL Ltd., Sanofi Pasteur, SA, Pfizer Inc., Johnson 
Johnson, AstraZeneca, and Moderna, among others, compete in the vaccine market. In particular, these companies have greater experience
and expertise in securing government contracts and grants to support their research and development efforts, conducting testing and clinical
trials, obtaining regulatory approvals to market products, manufacturing such products on a broad scale and marketing approved products. 

40 

Regardless
of the disease, smaller or early-stage companies and research institutions also may prove to be significant competitors, particularly
through collaborative arrangements with large and established pharmaceutical companies. As these companies develop their technologies,
they may develop proprietary positions, which may prevent or limit our product development and commercialization efforts. If any of our
competitors succeed in obtaining approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities for their products sooner than we do or for products
that are more effective or less costly than ours, our commercial opportunity could be significantly reduced. 

In
order to effectively compete, we will have to make substantial investments in development, testing, manufacturing and sales and marketing
or partner with one or more established companies. We may not be successful in gaining any market share for any vaccine. Our technologies
and vaccine product candidates also may be rendered obsolete or non-competitive as a result of products introduced by our competitors
to the marketplace more rapidly and at a lower cost. 

The
market opportunities for our vaccine product candidate may be smaller than we believe them to be. Moreover, any pandemic threat may abate,
or alternative vaccines or technologies may be adopted, before our vaccines achieve regulatory approval. 

The
primary area of focus for our future research and product development activities is the development of a nasally administered vaccine
candidate to prevent SARS-CoV-2 and the disease it principally causes, COVID-19. Our current projections of both the number of people
who are or will be affected by this disease, as well as the subset of people who may be affected by this disease and who have the potential
to benefit from immunity through our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate, are based on estimates. These estimates have been derived from
a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations, or market research, and may prove to
be incorrect. Further, because coronaviruses have evolved in recent decades and research on SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19 are continuously
changing due to the complicated nature of the virus, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of COVID-19. The number
of clinical trial participants in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere may turn out to be lower than expected, potential clinical
trial participants may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our products, or new clinical trial participants may become increasingly
difficult to identify or gain access to, all of which would adversely affect our ability to conduct the research and development necessary
to complete the vaccine product candidate. 

Moreover,
the threat of the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak may subside before we are able to complete research and development for our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine
product candidate, obtain regulatory approval for the vaccine product candidate and realize any return on our investment in the research
and development. Other organizations some of which are currently broadly administering vaccines under the FDA approval, or Emergency
Use Authorization authority, may obtain licenses for their own pandemic vaccines, or government health organizations may acquire adequate
stockpiles of pandemic vaccines or adopt other technologies or strategies to prevent or limit outbreaks before our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine
product candidate reaches the marketplace. We may not achieve a return on our investment before the threat of the COVID-19 pandemic subsides
or a competing product is adopted. 

If
we are unable to successfully develop our product candidates, our operating results and competitive position could be harmed. Research
and development involves a lengthy and complex process, and we may not be successful in our efforts to develop and commercialize our
product candidates. The further development and ultimate commercialization of product candidates for SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19, as well
as our other product candidates, are keys to our strategy. 

A
key element of our business strategy is to discover, develop, validate and commercialize a vaccine product candidate to provide immunity
from SARS-CoV-2, which we aim to market globally to both public and private payers. Additionally, our focus concerns the development
of a portfolio of additional antibiotic product candidates to combat multi drug resistant organism, or MDRO, outbreaks and the associated
costs to patients, inpatient facilities and the health care industry. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully complete
development of, or commercialize any or all of our planned future product candidates, or that they will be clinically usable. The product
development process involves a high degree of risk and may take up to several years or more. Our new product development efforts may
fail for many reasons, including: 

our
 recent entry into the vaccine research and development industry; 

failure
 of future tests at the research or development stages; 

lack
 of clinical validation data to support effectiveness; 

41 

delays
 resulting from the failure of third-party suppliers or contractors to meet their obligations in a timely and cost-effective manner; 

regulatory
 delays at the FDA or from other independent oversight authorities, particularly in light of the demands placed on public health resources
 during and following the COVID-19 pandemic; 

failure
 to obtain or maintain necessary certifications, licenses, clearances or approvals to market or perform the test; or 

lack
 of commercial acceptance by the health care marketplace. 

Few
research and development projects result in commercial products, and success in early clinical trials often is not replicated in later
trials. At any point, we may abandon development of products in favor of the development or acquisition of new products, or we may be
required to expend considerable resources repeating clinical studies or trials, which would adversely impact the timing for generating
potential revenues from those new products. In addition, as we advance the development of new products through to the commercialization
stage, we will have to make additional investments in our sales and marketing operations, which may be prematurely or unnecessarily incurred
if the commercial launch of a product is abandoned or delayed. 

If
we are successful in producing a vaccine against SARS-CoV-2, we may need to devote significant resources to its scale-up and development,
including for use by the U.S. government or other foreign authorities. Moreover, government involvement may limit the commercial success
of our vaccine product candidate. 

Because
the COVID-19 outbreak has been classified as a pandemic by public health authorities, it is possible that one or more government entities
may take actions that directly or indirectly have the effect of abrogating some of our rights or opportunities with respect to the research,
development and commercialization of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. We have not manufactured a pandemic vaccine to date, but
if we were to do so, the economic value of such a vaccine to us could be limited by such government action or inaction. Various government
entities, including the U.S. government, are offering, but may not continue to offer, incentives, grants and contracts to encourage additional
investment by commercial organizations into preventative and therapeutic agents against SARS-CoV-2 and/or COVID-19, which may have the
effect of increasing the number of competitors and/or providing advantages to known competitors. Accordingly, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to successfully establish a competitive market share for our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. 

In
the event that any of the pre-clinical research or, if an IND is accepted by the FDA, the Phase 1 clinical trials for our SARS-CoV-2
vaccine product candidate are perceived to be successful, we may need to work toward the large-scale technical development, manufacturing
scale-up and larger scale deployment of this potential vaccine through a variety of U.S. government-sponsored mechanisms, such as an
Expanded Access Program or an Emergency Use Authorization program. In this case we may need to divert significant resources to this program,
which would require diversion of resources from our other existing product candidate programs. In addition, since the path to licensure
of any vaccine against SARS-CoV-2 is unclear, and widely-used vaccines in circulation in the United States and other countries could
impact our receipt of marketing approval. Unexpected safety issues in these circumstances could lead to significant reputational damage
for us and our technology platform going forward and other issues, including delays in our other programs, the need for re-design of
our clinical trials and the need for significant additional financial resources. 

Our
product candidates, if approved, will face significant competition and our failure to compete effectively may prevent us from achieving
significant market penetration. 

The
pharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on developing proprietary
therapeutics. Numerous companies are engaged in the development, patenting, manufacturing and marketing of healthcare products competitive
with those that we are developing. We face competition from a number of sources, such as pharmaceutical companies, including generic
drug companies, biotechnology companies and academic and research institutions, many of which have greater financial resources, marketing
capabilities, sales forces, manufacturing capabilities, research and development capabilities, clinical trial expertise, intellectual
property portfolios, experience in obtaining patents and regulatory approvals for product candidates and other resources than us. Some
of the companies that offer competing products also have a broad range of other product offerings, large direct sales forces and long-term
customer relationships with our target physicians, which could inhibit our market penetration efforts. In addition, certain of our product
candidates, if approved, may compete with other products, for a share of some patients discretionary budgets and for physicians 
attention within their clinical practices. 

42 

We
anticipate that, if we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, we will face significant competition from other approved
therapies and may need to compete with unregulated, unapproved and off-label treatments. Certain of our product candidates, if approved,
will present novel therapeutic approaches for the approved indications and will have to compete with existing therapies, some of which
are widely known and accepted by physicians and patients. To compete successfully in this market, we will have to demonstrate that the
relative cost, safety and efficacy of our approved products, if any, provide an attractive alternative to existing and other new therapies.
Such competition could lead to reduced market share for our product candidates and contribute to downward pressure on the pricing of
our product candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

Due
to less stringent regulatory requirements in certain foreign countries, there are many more products and procedures available for use
in those international markets than are approved for use in the United States. In certain international markets, there are also fewer
limitations on the claims that our competitors can make about the effectiveness of their products and the manner in which they can market
them. As a result, we expect to face more competition in these markets than in the United States. 

Because
our vaccine product development efforts depend on new and rapidly evolving technologies, we cannot be certain that our efforts will be
successful. 

Currently,
the FDA has given full approval to Moderna and Pfizer for their vaccines and Janssen has an EUA. A number of other vaccine manufacturers,
academic institutions and other organizations currently have programs to develop such a vaccine. The WHO currently lists 10 COVID-19
vaccines approved for use and 65 COVID-19 vaccine candidates in Phase 3 evaluation. These companies have greater experience and expertise
in securing government contracts and grants to support their research and development efforts, conducting testing and clinical trials,
obtaining regulatory approvals to market products, manufacturing such products on a broad scale and marketing approved products. These
companies may also partner or collaborate with large and established companies, such as Merck Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, CSL
Ltd, Pfizer Inc. and AstraZeneca, among others, or they may partner or collaborate with or obtain funding from governments, academic
institutions or other nongovernmental organizations. In order to effectively compete, we will have to make substantial investments in
development, testing, manufacturing and sales and marketing or partner with one or more established companies. 

Moreover,
our new vaccine development efforts depend on new, rapidly evolving technologies. Our development efforts and, if those are successful,
commercialization of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate could fail for a variety of reasons, and include the possibility that: 

Our
 SARS-CoV-2 vaccine product candidate or technologies, any or all of the products based on such technologies or any manufacturing
 process will be ineffective or unsafe, or otherwise fail to receive necessary regulatory approvals or achieve commercial viability; 

third-party
 supplier or manufacturer facilities will be unable or unwilling to provide necessary supplies or scale-up manufacturing capabilities
 for our products in a cost-effective manner or at all; 

the
 products, if safe and effective, may be difficult to manufacture on a large-scale or uneconomical to market; 

third-party
 manufacturing facilities will fail to continue to pass regulatory inspections; 

proprietary
 rights of third-parties will prevent us or our collaborators from exploiting technologies, and manufacturing or marketing products;
 and 

third-party
 competitors with approval or Emergency Use Authorization from the FDA and use of vaccines will gain greater market share and limit
 or impair development efforts. 

We
may be unable to refine a method to produce MU1140 homologs in large-scale commercial quantities. If we cannot, we will be unable to
generate significant revenues from sales of an MU1140 homolog product candidate. 

Our
antibiotic product candidates, all homologs of MU1140, are produced by our strain of S. mutans and variants thereof. We have successfully
developed a methodology for producing MU1140 in quantities sufficient to undertake its nonclinical testing. If we are not able to further
adequately scale up fermentation and purification methodologies for large-scale manufacture, we will be unable to partner and generate
revenues from this product candidate and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected.
The manufacturing of MU1140 homologs or any other possible antibiotic product candidates based on lantibiotics, is a highly exacting
and complex process. Manufacturing MU1140 homologs or any other antibiotic candidates derived from lantibiotics on a commercial scale
has not yet been achieved to our knowledge, so there are additional risks that such efforts will not be successful. Third-party manufacturers
must have additional technical skills and must take multiple steps to attempt to control the manufacturing processes. If we are unable
to identify and produce MU1140 homologs in large-scale commercial quantities, we will be unable to generate significant revenues from
sales of our MU1140 product candidate and our financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 

43 

Our
success will depend on our ability to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidate under our Lantibiotics Program and its successful
commercialization. 

We
have not received regulatory approval in any jurisdiction for lantibiotic product candidate and we may never receive approval or, if
approvals are obtained, may never be commercialized successfully. We have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs relating
to the nonclinical development of our antibiotic product candidates (including MU1140 homologs we may develop). We have performed extensive
nonclinical testing using native MU1140 and continue to seek to identify homologs as potential product candidates which would require
additional nonclinical testing. This work will be done solely by us through the use of outside contractors. If our nonclinical work is
successful, we would expect the IND for a first-in-human clinical trial of a lantibiotic compound to be filed with the FDA based on our
ability to complete the requisite studies, contingent on sufficient funding. 

Even
if we are able to conduct successful clinical trials or the required regulatory approvals are obtained, we may never be able to generate
significant revenues from our product candidates. If our product candidates are unsuccessful, we may be unable to generate sufficient
revenues to sustain and grow our business, and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely
affected. 

We
may choose not to continue developing or commercializing any of our product candidates at any time during development or after approval,
which would reduce or eliminate our potential return on investment for those product candidates. 

At
any time, we may decide to discontinue the development or commercialization of any of our products or product candidates for a variety
of reasons, including inadequate financial resources the appearance of new technologies that render our product obsolete, competition
from a competing product or changes in or failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. If we terminate a program in which
we have invested significant resources, we will not receive any return on our investment and we will have missed the opportunity to allocate
those resources to potentially more productive uses. For example, we mutually agreed to terminate our Exclusive Channel Collaboration
Agreement with Eleszto Genetika, Inc. in September 2021 and in connection therewith ceased future development of our lead lantibiotic
homolog candidate. 

We
have limited experience in the conduct of clinical trials. We have never initiated a vaccine-related clinical trial. We have never obtained
approval of any product candidates. We may be unable to undertake any of those actions successfully. 

As
a company, we have limited experience and capacity for the conduct of pre-clinical research and clinical trials, as well as the progression
of a product candidate through to regulatory approval. Because we are in the early stages of development for NT-CoV2-1 and because the
SARS-CoV-2 vaccine landscape continues to evolve, our clinical trials may require more time and incur greater costs than we anticipate.
We cannot be certain that planned clinical trials will begin or conclude on time, if at all. Large-scale trials would require significant
additional financial and management resources, and reliance on third-party clinical investigators, CROs and/or consultants. Any performance
failure on the part of such third parties could delay clinical development or delay or prevent us from obtaining regulatory approval
or commercializing our current or future product candidates, depriving us of potential product revenue and resulting in additional losses.
By contrast, larger pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies often have substantial staff or departments with extensive experience
in conducting clinical trials with multiple product candidates across multiple indications and obtaining regulatory approval in various
countries. In addition, these companies may have greater financial resources to compete for the same clinical investigators, sites and
patients that we may attempt to recruit or retain for our pre-clinical research and clinical trials. As a result, we may be at a competitive
disadvantage that could delay the initiation, recruitment, timing and completion of our pre-clinical research and clinical trials and
obtaining regulatory, marketing and related approvals, if achieved at all, for our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. 

44 

We
cannot assure you that the market and consumers will accept our products or product candidates. If they do not, we will be unable to
generate significant revenues from our products or product candidates and our business, financial condition and results of operations
will be materially adversely affected. 

The
commercial success of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate, our MU1140 homologs antibiotic product candidates, and any of our other
product candidates and technologies, will depend in part on market acceptance by consumers. Biopharmaceutical companies have received
substantial support from the scientific community, regulatory agencies and many governmental officials in the United States and internationally.
Future scientific developments, media coverage and political events may diminish such support. Public attitudes may be influenced by
claims that health products are unsafe for consumption or pose unknown risks to the environment or to traditional social or economic
practices. Securing governmental approvals for, and consumer confidence in, such products pose numerous challenges, particularly outside
the United States. The market success of product candidates developed by biopharmaceutical companies could be delayed or impaired in
certain geographical areas as a result. Products based on our product candidates may compete with a number of traditional therapies and
drugs manufactured and marketed by major pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies. Market acceptance of products based on
our product candidates will depend on a number of factors including potential advantage over alternative treatment methods. We can offer
you no assurance that physicians, patients or the medical communities in general will accept and utilize products developed from our
product candidates. If they do not, we may be unable to generate significant revenues from our product candidates and our business, financial
condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 

Failure
to obtain marketing approval in international jurisdictions would prevent our product candidates from being marketed abroad. 

In
order to market and sell our products in the European Union and many other jurisdictions, we or our third-party collaborators must obtain
separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries
and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval.
The regulatory approval process outside the United States generally includes all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval.
In addition, in many countries outside the United States, it is required that the product be approved for reimbursement before the product
can be approved for sale in that country. We or these third parties may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the
United States on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries
or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities
in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. We may not be able to file for marketing approvals and may not receive necessary approvals
to commercialize our products in any market. 

We
will need to further increase the size and complexity of our organization in the future, and we may experience difficulties in executing
our growth strategy and managing our growth. 

Our
current management, personnel, systems and facilities are not adequate to support our future growth plans. We will need to further expand
our scientific, sales and marketing, operational, financial and other resources to support our planned research, development, clinical
trial work, and commercialization activities. 

To
manage our operations, growth and various projects effectively, we must: 

continue
 to improve our operational, financial, management and regulatory compliance controls and reporting systems and procedures; 

attract
 and retain sufficient numbers of talented employees; 

develop
 a plan for marketing, sales, and distribution capability; 

manage
 our commercialization activities for our product candidates effectively; 

establish
 and maintain relationships with development and commercialization partners; 

manage
 our pre-clinical and clinical trials effectively; 

manage
 our third-party supply and manufacturing operations effectively and in a cost-effective manner, while increasing production capabilities
 for our current product candidates to commercial levels; and 

manage
 our development efforts effectively while carrying out our contractual obligations to partners and other third parties. 

45 

In
addition, we have utilized and continue to utilize the services of part-time outside consultants to perform a number of tasks for us,
including tasks related to pre-clinical and clinical testing. Our growth strategy may also entail expanding our use of consultants to
implement these and other tasks going forward. We rely on consultants for certain functions of our business and will need to effectively
manage these consultants to ensure that they successfully carry out their contractual obligations and meet expected deadlines. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside consultants, as needed, on
economically reasonable terms, or at all. If we are not able to manage our growth effectively and expand our organization by hiring new
employees and expanding our use of consultants, we might be unable to implement successfully the tasks necessary to execute effectively
on our planned research, development and commercialization activities and, accordingly, might fail to achieve our research, development
and commercialization goals. 

If
we, or our manufacturers and suppliers in general, fail to meet contractual obligations, requirements and the requirements of regulatory
authorities, our research and development may be materially adversely affected. 

We
do not have the internal capability to manufacture our SARS-CoV-2 vaccine, MU1140 homologs, or any other product candidates and all of
their constituent parts under GMPs, as required by the FDA and other regulatory agencies. In order to continue to develop and commercialize
our product candidates and to apply for regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we will need to contract with third parties
that have, or otherwise develop, the necessary manufacturing capabilities in full compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 

We
enter into agreements with these third-party suppliers as part of, and in connection with, our product development plans and timing.
In order to have sufficient product available for anticipated future clinical trials we need to enter into agreements with GMP certified
manufactures that have the capability and capacity to meet our expected product needs and timing in advance of when our actual needs
will arise in order for us to be positioned to continue development without delays due to the manufacturing process and capabilities
of qualified manufacturers. These agreements may obligate us to make certain payments in connection with the manufacture of our vaccine
product candidate based upon our current expected timing. If the timing of our current development plans changes, we could be required
to make additional payments to associated with such delays and/or associated with the cancellation of the agreement without achieving
the benefits anticipated from the agreement. 

There
are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under GMPs that are capable of manufacturing our product candidates. Due to the early-stage
development of our SARS-CoV-2 vaccine product candidate, we cannot at this time accurately predict the numbers and capabilities of manufacturers
that will be required and capable of manufacturing the vaccine product candidate and any of its components. Manufacturing on a commercial
scale has not yet been undertaken and there are additional technical skills needed for the manufacture of MU1140 homologs that will further
limit the number of potential manufacturers. As such, if we are unable to enter into supply and processing contracts with any of these
manufacturers or processors for our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate, our MU1140 product candidates, or our other product candidates
for the conduct of clinical trials on such product candidate we may incur additional costs and delays in development and commercialization. 

Problems
with these manufacturing processes such as equipment malfunctions, facility contamination, labor problems, raw material shortages or
contamination, natural disasters, power outages, terrorist activities, or disruptions in the operations of our suppliers and even minor
deviations from normal procedures, could result in product defects or manufacturing failures that result in lot failures, product recalls,
product liability claims and insufficient inventory or supply of product for the conduct of clinical trials. For example, the COVID-19
pandemic and government shutdowns in response have interrupted supply chains, the manufacture and transmission of goods and the regularity
with which manufacturers ordinarily operate. Such interruptions, unless remedied entirely, can disrupt our research and development efforts
and our clinical trials, and even if remedied, could create delays that materially impact our business. 

If
we are required to find an additional or alternative source of supply, there may be additional costs and delays in the development, clinical
trial timing, or commercialization of our product candidates. Additionally, the FDA and other regulatory agencies routinely inspect manufacturing
facilities before approving a New Drug Application, or NDA, or Biologic License Application, or BLA, for a drug or biologic manufactured
at those sites. If any of our manufacturers or processors fails to satisfy regulatory requirements, the approval and eventual commercialization
of our commercial products and product candidates may be delayed. 

All
of our contract manufacturers must comply with the applicable GMPs, which include quality control and quality assurance requirements
as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. If our contract manufacturers do not comply with the applicable
GMPs and other FDA regulatory requirements, we may be subject to product liability claims, the availability of marketed products for
sale could be reduced, our product commercialization could be delayed or subject to restrictions, we may be unable to meet demand for
our products and may lose potential revenues and we could suffer delays in the progress of nonclinical testing and clinical trials for
products under development. We do not have control over our third-party manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards.
Moreover, while we may choose to manufacture our products ourselves in the future, we have no experience in the manufacture of pharmaceutical
or biological products for clinical trials or commercial purposes. If we decide to manufacture products, we would be subject to the regulatory
requirements described above. In addition, we would require substantial additional capital and would be subject to delays or difficulties
encountered in manufacturing pharmaceutical or biological products. Regardless of the manufacturer of our products, we will be subject
to continuing obligations regarding the submission of safety reports and other post-market information. 

46 

In
March 2022 we entered into an agreement with KBI Biopharma, Inc. for the process transfer, process optimization and cGMP manufacturing
of our vaccine candidate in anticipation of a future Phase 2 clinical trial. This agreement obligates us to make certain payments to
KBI in connection with the manufacture of our vaccine product candidate based upon our current expected timing. If the timing of our
current development plans changes, we could be required to make additional payments to KBI associated with such delays and/or associated
with the cancellation of the agreement without achieving the benefits anticipated from the agreement. Additionally, a fill/finish, packaging
and labeling company has been identified to support the Phase 1 program and is schedule for GMP manufacturing of clinical material in
2Q22. 

We
rely on the significant experience and specialized expertise of our senior management and scientific team and the loss of any of our
key personnel or our inability to successfully hire their successors could harm our business. 

Our
performance is substantially dependent on the continued services and on the performance of our senior management and scientific team,
who have extensive experience and specialized expertise in our business. Our performance also depends on our ability to retain and motivate
our other key employees. In June 2022, we retained our director, Ms. Kimberly Murphy as our Chief Executive Officer and on March 7,
2023, we retained Ms. Janet Huffman as our Chief Financial Officer. The loss of the services of senior management or any key employees
could harm our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. We have no key person life insurance policies. 

In
connection with our acquisition of Noachis Terra, we added vaccine consultants and advisors, who were engaged in various capacities related
to the research and development of a SARS-CoV-2 vaccine product candidate. Our ability to successfully continue the vaccine development
depends in large part on our ability to retain certain consultants. Despite our efforts to retain these consultants, one or more may
terminate their engagement with us on short notice. The loss of the services of any of these consultants could have substantial negative
effects on our research and development efforts, which are necessary to further development of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. 

We
need to hire and retain additional qualified scientists and other highly skilled personnel to maintain and grow our business. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to identify, attract, hire, train, retain and motivate highly skilled technical, managerial and
research personnel in all areas within our organization. We plan to continue to execute on our business strategy and expect to hire additional
personnel to support our product development efforts. We believe that there are only a limited number of individuals with the requisite
skills to serve in many of our key positions, and we compete for key personnel with other more established biotechnology companies, as
well as universities and research institutions. It is often difficult to hire and retain these persons, and we may be unable to replace
key persons if they leave or be unable to fill new positions requiring key persons with appropriate experience. If we fail to attract,
integrate and retain the necessary personnel, our ability to maintain and grow our business could suffer significantly. 

If
any of our product candidates are shown to be ineffective or harmful in humans, we will be unable to generate revenues from these product
candidates. 

Before
obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through nonclinical testing and
clinical trials that our products are safe and effective for use in humans. To date the testing of the antibiotic substance MU1140 homologs
has been undertaken solely in the laboratory and in animals. We have not yet conducted human trials with any MU1140 homolog nor have
we initiated clinical trials for our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. It is possible that when and if future lantibiotic trials and/or
our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate trials are conducted in humans, they will show that our antibiotic or vaccine candidates are
ineffective or harmful in humans. If MU1140 homologs or our vaccine product candidate are shown to be ineffective or harmful in humans,
we will be unable to commercialize and generate revenues from sales of such product candidates. If we are unable to generate revenues
from the first generation of MU1140 and homologs, or any other product candidates, our business, financial condition and results of operations
will be materially adversely affected. 

47 

Because
we are new to vaccine development, we must identify vaccines for development with our technologies and establish successful third-party
relationships. 

Because
we are new to vaccine development and lack substantial experience in the research and development of vaccines, the near and long-term
viability of our SARS-CoV-2 vaccine product candidate will depend in part on our ability to successfully establish new strategic collaborations
with biotechnology companies, non-profit organizations. government agencies and other vaccine industry entities. Establishing and maintaining
strategic collaborations and obtaining government funding is difficult and time-consuming. Potential collaborators may reject collaborations
based upon their assessment of our financial, regulatory or intellectual property position or based on their internal pipeline; government
agencies may reject contract or grant applications based on their assessment of public need, the public interest, our products 
ability to address these areas, or other reasons beyond our expectations or control. If we fail to establish a strategic collaborations
or government relationships on acceptable terms, we may not be able to develop and commercialize our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate
or generate sufficient revenue to fund further research and development efforts. 

Additionally,
we do not have our own clinical research and development facilities dedicated to vaccine development and manufacture. We have in the
past and may in the future engage consultants and independent contract research organizations, subject to regulatory considerations,
to design and conduct our clinical trials in connection with the development of our SARS-CoV-2 vaccine product candidate. As a result,
these important aspects of a product s development will be outside of our direct control. Even if we establish new collaborations
or obtain government funding, these relationships may never result in the successful development or commercialization of our vaccine
product candidate for several reasons, including the fact that: 

we
 may not have the ability to control the activities of our partners and cannot provide assurance that they will fulfill their obligations
 to us, including with respect to the license, development and commercialization of our vaccine product candidate, in a timely manner
 or at all; 

such
 partners may not devote sufficient resources to our vaccine product candidate or properly maintain or defend our intellectual property
 rights; 

any
 failure on the part of our partners to perform or satisfy their obligations to us could lead to delays in the development or commercialization
 of our vaccine product candidate and affect our ability to realize product revenue; and 

disagreements,
 including disputes over the ownership of technology developed with such collaborators, could result in litigation, which would be
 time consuming and expensive, and may delay or terminate research and development efforts, regulatory approvals and commercialization
 activities. 

Our
collaborators will be subject to the same regulatory approval of their manufacturing facility and process as us. Before we could begin
commercial manufacturing of any of our vaccine candidates, we and our collaborators must pass a pre-approval inspection before FDA approval
and comply with the FDA s GMP regulations. If our collaborators fail to comply with these requirements, our vaccine candidate may
not be approved. If our collaborators fail to comply with these requirements after approval, we could be subject to possible regulatory
action and may be limited in the jurisdictions in which we are permitted to sell our products. If we or our collaborators fail to establish
agreements as necessary, we could be required to undertake research, development, manufacturing and commercialization activities solely
at our own expense. These activities would significantly increase our capital requirements and, given our lack of sales, marketing and
distribution capabilities, significantly delay the commercialization of our vaccine product candidate. 

We
intend to seek licensing partners to cover a portion of the costs associated with obtaining regulatory approval for, and manufacturing
and marketing of, our product candidates. If we are unable to obtain agreements with third parties to fund these costs, we will have
to fund such costs ourselves or we may be unable to extract any value from these technologies. 

As
we continue our development of product candidates, we intend to either license these product candidates to, or partner with, one or more
major pharmaceutical companies at the earliest possible time in their product development. If we do so, we intend for these licensees
or partners to pay the costs associated with any remaining development work, regulatory submissions, clinical trials and the manufacturing
and marketing of our product candidates. If we are unable to license our product candidates or otherwise partner with third parties,
we will have to fund the costs of our clinical trials ourselves or we will be unable to extract any value from these technologies. We
may also have to establish our own manufacturing facilities and find our own distribution channels. This would greatly increase our future
capital requirements and we cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain the necessary financing to pay these costs. If we are unable
to cover the associated costs or we cannot obtain financing on acceptable terms or at all, our business, financial condition and results
of operations will be materially adversely affected. 

48 

Our
dependence on collaborative arrangements with third parties subjects us to a number of risks. These collaborative arrangements may not
be on terms favorable to us. Agreements with collaborative partners typically allow partners significant discretion in electing whether
or not to pursue any of the planned activities. We cannot control the amount and timing of resources our collaborative partners may devote
to products based on the collaboration, and our partners may choose to pursue alternative products. Our partners may not perform their
obligations as expected. Business combinations or significant changes in a collaborative partner s business strategy may adversely
affect a partner s willingness or ability to complete its obligations under the arrangement. Moreover, we could become involved
in disputes with our partners, which could lead to delays or termination of the collaborations and time-consuming and expensive litigation
or arbitration. Even if we fulfill our obligations under a collaborative agreement, our partner may be able to terminate the agreement
under certain circumstances. If any collaborative partner were to terminate or breach our agreement with it, or otherwise fail to complete
its obligations in a timely manner, our chances of successfully commercializing our product candidates would be materially and adversely
affected. 

We
might not be successful at acquiring, investing in or integrating businesses, entering into joint ventures or divesting businesses. 

We
expect to continue pursuing strategic acquisitions, investments and joint ventures to enhance or add to our skills and capabilities or
offerings of services and solutions, or to enable us to expand in certain geographic and other markets. Depending on the opportunities
available, we may increase the amount of capital invested in such opportunities. We may not succeed in completing targeted transactions,
including as a result of the market becoming increasingly competitive, or achieve desired results of operations. Furthermore, we face
risks in successfully integrating any businesses we might acquire or create through a joint venture. Ongoing business may be disrupted,
and our management s attention may be diverted by acquisition, investment, transition or integration activities. In addition, we
might need to dedicate additional management and other resources, and our organizational structure could make it difficult for us to
efficiently integrate acquired businesses into our ongoing operations and assimilate and retain employees of those businesses into our
culture and operations. The loss of key executives, employees, customers, suppliers, vendors and other business partners of businesses
we acquire may adversely impact the value of the assets, operations or businesses. Furthermore, acquisitions or joint ventures may result
in significant costs and expenses, including those related to retention payments, equity compensation, severance pay, early retirement
costs, intangible asset amortization and asset impairment charges, assumed litigation and other liabilities, and legal, accounting and
financial advisory fees, which could negatively affect our profitability. We may have difficulties as a result of entering into new markets
where we have limited or no direct prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions. We might fail to realize
the expected benefits or strategic objectives of any acquisition, investment or joint venture we undertake. We might not achieve our
expected return on investment or may lose money. We may be adversely impacted by liabilities that we assume from a company we acquire
or in which we invest, including from that company s known and unknown obligations, intellectual property or other assets, terminated
employees, current or former clients or other third parties. In addition, we may fail to identify or adequately assess the magnitude
of certain liabilities, shortcomings or other circumstances prior to acquiring, investing in or partnering with a company, including
potential exposure to regulatory sanctions or liabilities resulting from an acquisition target s previous activities, internal
controls and security environment. If any of these circumstances occurs, they could result in unexpected legal or regulatory exposure,
unfavorable accounting treatment, unexpected increases in taxes or other adverse effects on our business. In addition, we have a lesser
degree of control over the business operations of the joint ventures and businesses in which we have made minority investments or in
which we have acquired less than 100 of the equity. This lesser degree of control may expose us to additional reputational, financial,
legal, compliance or operational risks. Litigation, indemnification claims and other unforeseen claims and liabilities may arise from
the acquisition or operation of acquired businesses. For example, we may face litigation or other claims as a result of certain terms
and conditions of the acquisition agreement, such as earnout payments or closing net asset adjustments. Alternatively, shareholder litigation
may arise as a result of proposed acquisitions. If we are unable to complete the number and kind of investments for which we plan, or
if we are inefficient or unsuccessful at integrating any acquired businesses into our operations, we may not be able to achieve our planned
rates of growth or improve our market share, profitability or competitive position in specific markets or services. We also periodically
evaluate, and have engaged in, the disposition of assets and businesses. Divestitures could involve difficulties in the separation of
operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management s attention, the disruption of our business and the potential
loss of key employees. After reaching an agreement with a buyer for the disposition of a business, the transaction may be subject to
the satisfaction of pre-closing conditions, including obtaining necessary regulatory and government approvals, which, if not satisfied
or obtained, may prevent us from completing the transaction. Divestitures may also involve continued financial involvement in or liability
with respect to the divested assets and businesses, such as indemnities or other financial obligations, in which the performance of the
divested assets or businesses could impact our results of operations. Any divestiture we undertake could adversely affect our results
of operations. 

49 

We
may face product liability exposure, and if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability if our insurance
coverage for those claims is inadequate. 

We
face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater
risk if we commercialize any products. This risk exists even if a product is approved for commercial sale by the FDA and manufactured
in facilities regulated by the FDA or an applicable foreign regulatory authority. Our products and product candidates are designed to
affect bodily functions and processes. Any side effects, manufacturing defects, misuse or abuse associated with our product candidates
could result in injury and possibly death to a patient. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on commercially reasonable
terms or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could inhibit our business. 

In
addition, a liability claim may be brought against us even if our product candidates merely appear to have caused an injury. Product
liability claims may be brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise
coming into contact with our product candidates, among others. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims
we will incur substantial liabilities and reputational harm. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability
claims may result in: 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; 

termination
 of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs; 

the
 inability to commercialize our product candidates; 

decreased
 demand for our product candidates; 

impairment
 of our brand and/or reputation; 

product
 recall or withdrawal from the market or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

substantial
 costs of any related litigation or similar disputes; 

distraction
 of management s attention and other resources from our primary business; 

substantial
 monetary awards to patients or other claimants against us that may not be covered by insurance; or 

loss
 of potential revenue. 

Although
we may maintain product liability insurance coverage for clinical trials, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of
our product liability-related expenses or losses and may not cover us for any expenses or losses we suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage
is becoming increasingly expensive, and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost, in sufficient
amounts or upon adequate terms to protect us against losses due to product liability, particularly if any of our product candidates receive
regulatory approval. Further, a successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our stock price
to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our cash and harm our business, financial condition, operating
results and prospects. 

We
may be adversely affected by natural disasters, pandemics and other catastrophic events, and by man-made problems such as terrorism,
that could disrupt our business operations and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from
a serious disaster. 

Our
corporate headquarters is located in Tampa, Florida, a hurricane zone. If a disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented
us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as enterprise financial systems,
manufacturing resource planning or enterprise quality systems, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain
cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. Our contract manufacturers and suppliers 
facilities are located in multiple locations, where other natural disasters or similar events, such as blizzards, tornadoes, fires, explosions
or large-scale accidents or power outages, and other public health emergencies could severely disrupt our operations and have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. For example, the recent COVID-19 pandemic may cause
significant disruption to our business operations, the operations of our third-party contractors and suppliers and the operations of
our clinical trials, including as a result of significant restrictions or bans on travel into and within the geographic areas in which
our manufacturers product our product candidates or where we conduct our clinical trials. A public health emergency could also affect
the operations of the FDA and other regulatory or public health authorities, resulting in delays to meetings related to planned or completed
clinical trials and ultimately of reviews and approvals of our product candidates. Such disruption could impede, delay, limit or prevent
our employees and third-party contractors from beginning or continuing research and development or clinical trial-related activities,
which may impede, delay, limit or prevent initiation or completion of our ongoing clinical trials and pre-clinical research and ultimately
lead to the delay or denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates, which could seriously harm our operations and financial
condition. 

50 

In
addition, acts of terrorism and other geo-political unrest could cause disruptions in our business or the businesses of our partners,
manufacturers or the economy as a whole. All of the aforementioned risks may be further increased if we do not implement a disaster recovery
plan or our partners or manufacturers disaster recovery plans prove to be inadequate. To the extent that any of the above
should result in delays in the regulatory approval, manufacture, distribution or commercialization of our product candidates, our business,
financial condition, operating results and prospects would suffer. 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited, each of which could harm our business. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 150,083,903. We also
accumulated U.S. federal and state research tax credits of approximately 4,834,850 as of December 31, 2022 Under Sections 382 and
383 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the
corporation s ability to use its pre-ownership change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-ownership change tax
attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-ownership change income and taxes may be limited. In general, an
ownership change will occur when the percentage of the Corporation s ownership (by value) of one or more 5-percent
shareholders (as defined in the Code) has increased by more than 50 percent over the lowest percentage owned by such
shareholders at any time during the prior three years (calculated on a rolling basis). Similar rules may apply under state tax laws.
An entity that experiences an ownership change generally will be subject to an annual limitation on its pre-ownership change tax
loss and credit carryforwards equal to the equity value of the corporation immediately before the ownership change, multiplied by
the long-term, tax-exempt rate posted monthly by the IRS (subject to certain adjustments). The annual limitation would be increased
each year to the extent that there is an unused limitation in a prior year. In the event that it is determined that we have in the
past experienced an ownership change as a result of transactions in our stock, or if we experience one or more ownership changes as
a result of future transactions in our stock, then we may be limited in our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and
other tax assets to reduce taxes owed on the net taxable income that we earn. Any limitations on the ability to use our net
operating loss carryforwards and other tax assets could harm our business. 

Our
auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and absent additional financing we may be unable
to remain a going concern. 

In
light of our recurring losses, accumulated deficit and negative cash flow as described in our notes to our audited consolidated financial
statements, the report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2022 contained an explanatory paragraph raising substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our
financial statements did not include any adjustments that may have been necessary in the event we were unable to continue as a going
concern. If we are unable to establish to the satisfaction of our independent registered public accounting firm that the net proceeds
from our financing efforts will be sufficient to allow for the removal of this going concern qualification, we may need to significantly
modify our operational plans for us to continue as a going concern. We believe we can continue our current level of operations with the
cash we have on hand without additional financing through 2023. Absent sufficient additional financing, we may be unable
to remain a going concern. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property and Data Security and Privacy 

Our
vaccine research and development efforts are to a large extent dependent upon our intellectual property and biologicals materials license
with the Licensors. 

An
important element of our intellectual property portfolio are our License Agreements. Pursuant to the NIH Patent License and Biological
Materials License Agreement, we hold a nonexclusive, worldwide license to certain specified patent rights (including patent applications,
provisional patent applications and PCT patent applications) and biological materials relating to the use of prefusion coronavirus spike
proteins for the purpose of developing and commercializing a vaccine product candidate for SARS-CoV-2. This intellectual property and
biological materials license are essential to our operations and our ability to research and develop our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate.
The terms of the license agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (a) twenty (20) years from the first commercial sale where no licensed
patent rights exist or have ceased to exist or (b) the expiration of the last to expire of any licensed patent rights. Additionally,
we must use reasonable commercial efforts to develop, manufacture, and commercialize our vaccine product candidate, to manufacture our
vaccine product candidate substantially within the United States and provide the United States public with reasonable access to our vaccine,
if approved for commercialization by the FDA. If we breach the terms of the license agreement, including any failure to make minimum
royalty payments required thereunder or failure to reach certain developmental milestones, using best efforts to introduce a licensed
product or practice a licensed process in certain territories by certain dates, the NIAID has the right to terminate the license. 

51 

If
we were to lose or otherwise be unable to maintain the License Agreements on acceptable terms, or find that it is necessary or appropriate
to secure new licenses from other third parties, it would halt our ability to continue to develop our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate,
which would have an immediate material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Thus, our inability
to retain the rights and technologies identified by the licenses, or those that we may in the future identify, could have a material
adverse impact on our ability to complete the development of our vaccine product candidate. No assurance can be given that we will be
successful in licensing any additional rights or technologies from the Licensors or others. If we fail to retain the License Agreements
or if we fail to obtain additional rights and licenses necessary to further the development and commercialization of our vaccine product
candidate, our planned development for our vaccine product candidate may be materially impacted and the costs associated with the development
may increase significantly, and we may be entirely unable to complete development of a SARS-CoV-2 vaccine product candidate. 

We
may incur additional expenses and obligations in connection with our License Agreements. 

We
must use reasonable commercial efforts to bring to market a vaccine product candidate covered by our licenses, which means we must adhere
to an existing commercial development plan and existing performance benchmarks. Additionally, we are obliged to pay to the Licensors
certain minimum annual royalties, certain benchmark-related royalties and royalties based upon a share of any net sales of our vaccine
product candidate, following regulatory approval and the first commercial sale. Additionally, among other obligations, we must provide
regular written reports to the Licensors on the development status of our vaccine product candidate and pay for our pro rata share of
the NIH s patent prosecution-related expenses and fees. Moreover, we must use reasonable commercial efforts to develop, manufacture,
and commercialize the vaccine product candidate, to manufacture the vaccine product candidate substantially within the United States
and or Canada and provide the United States and Canadian public with reasonable access to the vaccine, if approved for commercialization
by the FDA and Canadian regulatory agencies. All of these additional obligations beyond ordinary research and development and regulatory
compliance related to the approval of our vaccine product candidate may impose delays or greater costs upon our ability to timely develop
our vaccine product candidate. 

Although
our forecasts for expenses and the sufficiency of our capital resources will take into account the funds available for the research and
development of our vaccine product candidate development, our actual cash requirements may vary materially from our current expectations
for a number of other factors that may include, but are not limited to, changes in the focus and direction of our development programs,
competitive and technical advances, costs associated with the development of our product candidates and our share of the costs of filing,
prosecuting, defending and enforcing the intellectual property rights covered by the NIH license. If we exhaust the funds available for
the development of NT-CoV2-1 more quickly than anticipated, regardless of the reason, and we are unable to obtain additional financing
on terms acceptable to us or at all, we may be unable to meet our obligations under the License Agreements, which may be terminated,
and we will be unable to proceed with development of our product candidates on expected timelines and will be forced to prioritize among
them. 

The
intellectual property covered by our License Agreements concerns patent applications and provisional applications. We cannot assure investors
that any of the currently pending or future patent applications will result in granted patents, nor can we predict how long it will take
for such patents to be granted. 

The
intellectual property covered by the License Agreements concerns certain, specified patent rights (including patent applications, provisional
patent applications and PCT patent applications). Although the Licensors have agreed to assume responsibility for the preparation, filing,
prosecution and maintenance of all patent applications covered by the licensed patent rights, we cannot be certain as to when or if final
patents will be issued for those patent applications covered by the licensed patent rights. However, the Licensors may not successfully
prosecute certain patent applications, the prosecution of which they control, under which we are only a licensee and on which our business
substantially depends. Even if patents issue from these applications, the Licensors may fail to maintain these patents, may decide not
to pursue litigation against third-party infringers, may fail to prove infringement or may fail to defend against counterclaims of patent
invalidity or unenforceability. 

52 

Moreover,
it is possible that the licensed pending patent applications will not result in granted patents, and even if such pending patent applications
grant as patents, they may not provide a basis for intellectual property protection of commercially viable vaccine products or may not
provide us with any competitive advantages. Further, it is possible that, for any of the patents that may be granted in the future, others
will design around the Licensors patent rights or identify methods for preventing or treating SARS-CoV-2 that do not concern the
rights covered by our licenses. Further, we cannot assure investors that other parties will not challenge any patents granted to the
Licensors or that courts or regulatory agencies will hold Licensors patents to be valid or enforceable. We cannot guarantee investors
that, if required to defend the covered patents, we will be successful in defending challenges made against the Licensors patents
and patent applications. Any successful third-party challenge to the NIH patents could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of
such patents, or to such patents being interpreted narrowly or otherwise in a manner adverse to our interests. Our ability to establish
or maintain a technological or competitive advantage over our competitors may be diminished because of these uncertainties. 

Risks
with respect to the Licensors and our License Agreements may also arise out of circumstances beyond our control. In spite of our best
efforts, the Licensors may conclude that we have materially breached the license agreement and may therefore terminate the agreement,
thereby removing our ability to market vaccine product candidates covered by the agreement. If the License Agreements are terminated,
or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended market protection, competitors would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval
of, and to market, products similar or identical to ours. Moreover, if the License Agreements are terminated, the Licensors may be able
to prevent us from utilizing the technology covered by the licensed patent rights. This could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
business position and our financial condition, results of operations and our business prospects. 

We
cannot prevent the Licensors or other companies, including our competitors, from licensing the same intellectual property and biological
materials that we have licensed or from otherwise duplicating our business model and operations. 

Our
License Agreements (except our Inspirevax License) are nonexclusive licenses and we are not permitted to sublicense the intellectual
property or biological materials covered by the license. Therefore, we cannot be certain that the Licensors have not previously licensed,
or that the Licensors will not, in the future, license the intellectual property or biological materials to other biotechnology companies,
including those who intend to develop a vaccine product candidate for SARS-CoV-2, some or all of the nonexclusive intellectual property
and biological materials available to us under the License Agreements. Moreover, we do not currently own any exclusive rights or licenses
necessary to fully develop our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate, and such rights or licenses, if in existence, could be held by our
competitors or used by other third parties to otherwise directly compete against us. If our competitors or others have or acquire exclusive
rights or licenses that they could enforce against us, then we may be required to alter our products, pay licensing fees or cease activities.
If our products conflict with rights or licenses of others, third parties could bring legal actions against us or our collaborators,
licensees, suppliers or customers, claiming damages and seeking to enjoin manufacturing and marketing of the affected products. If these
legal actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages, we could be required to obtain a license in order to
continue to manufacture or market the affected products. We may not prevail in any legal action and a required license under the patent
may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. Accordingly, while we may develop, acquire or license the additional technologies
necessary to the development of our vaccine candidate we cannot assure you that we will be able to develop, acquire or license such technologies
or that alternatives will be sufficient to enable development of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate or to prevent others from competing
with us and developing substantially-similar products. 

We
may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. 

We
or the Licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in the licensed
patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we or the Licensors may have inventorship disputes
arise from conflicting obligations of employees, consultants or others who are involved in developing the intellectual property covered
by the License Agreements or our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging
inventorship or our license or the Licensors ownership, as applicable, of the licensed patents, trade secrets or other intellectual
property. If we or our licensors fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual
property rights, such as our right to use intellectual property that is important to our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate. Even if
we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and
other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. 

Changes
in patent law or patent jurisprudence could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product
candidates. 

The
United States has recently enacted and is currently implementing wide-ranging patent reform legislation. Further, recent United States
Supreme Court rulings have either narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakened the rights of
patent owners in certain situations. Moreover, patent law and protection in foreign countries, particularly developing countries, may
be insufficient or otherwise unclear in its efficacy to protect our intellectual property. In addition to increasing uncertainty with
regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the scope and
value of patents, once obtained. 

53 

For
our U.S. patent applications containing a priority claim after March 16, 2013, there is a greater level of uncertainty in the patent
law. In September 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, also known as the America Invents Act, or AIA, was signed into law. The
AIA includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications will
be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The USPTO is currently developing regulations and procedures to govern the
administration of the AIA, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the AIA. It is not clear what other, if
any, impact(s) the AIA will have on the operation of our business. Moreover, the AIA and its implementation could increase the
uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents,
all of which could have an adverse effect on our business. One important change introduced by the AIA is that, as of March 16, 2013,
the United States transitioned to a first-to-file system for deciding which party should be granted a patent when two
or more patent applications are filed by different parties claiming the same invention. A third party who files a patent application
with the USPTO after such date but prior to us may therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we were the
first to invent. This first-inventor-to-file system will require us both to remain cognizant, going forward, of the
timing between invention and filing of a patent application. 

Among
some of the other changes introduced by the AIA are those that (i) limit where a patentee may file a patent infringement suit and (ii)
provide opportunities for third parties to challenge any issued patent in the USPTO. Such changes apply to all of our U.S. patents, even
those issued prior to March 16, 2013. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings, as compared to the evidentiary standard
applied in U.S. federal courts, necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially present evidence in a USPTO proceeding
sufficient for the USPTO to find a claim invalid, notwithstanding that the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate a claim
first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt opportunistically to use USPTO procedures to invalidate
our patent claims. 

Depending
on decisions by the United States Congress, the U.S. federal courts, the USPTO or similar authorities in foreign jurisdictions, the laws
and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that may weaken our and our licensors abilities to obtain
new patents or to enforce existing patents we and our licensors or partners may obtain in the future. 

If
we are unable to protect our trademarks or other intellectual property from infringement, our business prospects may be harmed. 

We
have applied for trademark protection for trademarks in the United States, the European Union and China. Although we take steps to monitor
the possible infringement or misuse of our trademarks, it is possible that third parties may infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our
trademark rights. Any unauthorized use of our trademarks or other intellectual property rights could harm our reputation or commercial
interests. Moreover, our License Agreements do not commit to defend any declaratory judgment action alleging the invalidity of any of
the licensed patent rights covered by the license, nor does the NIAID commit to commence legal actions against third parties alleged
to infringe upon those licensed patent rights. Our enforcement against third-party infringers or violators may be unduly expensive and
time-consuming, and any remedy obtained may constitute insufficient redress relative to the damages we may suffer. 

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Filing,
prosecuting and defending patents on our product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. The
requirements for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly developing countries. In addition, the laws of some foreign
countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able
to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States. Competitors may use our technologies
in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing
products to territories where we have patent protection insufficient to guard against such infringement. These products may compete with
our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

54 

The
legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual
property protection, particularly those relating to pharmaceuticals. In such instances, we may be unable to enjoin or otherwise prevent
infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights, generally. Proceedings to enforce
our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could (i) result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects
of our business, (ii) put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not
issuing and (iii) provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages
or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. In addition, certain countries in Europe and certain developing
countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In those countries,
we may be unable to seek adequate remedies to address infringement and/or material diminishment of the value of our patents, which could
limit our potential revenue opportunities in such jurisdictions. Accordingly, our efforts to establish or enforce our intellectual property
rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from our intellectual property. Finally, our ability
to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be adversely affected by unforeseen changes in foreign intellectual property
laws. 

If
we fail to comply with our obligations under our intellectual property license agreements, we could lose our license rights that are
important to our business and development of our product candidates. 

The
License Agreements impose various royalties and other obligations on us as well as development plans. If we fail to comply with these obligations,
our licensors may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we may not be able to develop or market the affected product
candidate. The License Agreements may be terminated in the event of a breach. The loss of such rights could materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

If
we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, it will be costly and time-consuming and an unfavorable outcome
in that litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
commercial success depends upon our ability to develop, manufacture, market, and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary
technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We cannot guarantee that marketing and selling such
candidates and using such technologies will not infringe existing or future patents. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and
pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields relating to our product candidates. As the biotechnology and
pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that others may assert that our product candidates,
technologies or methods of delivery or use infringe their patent rights. Moreover, it is not always clear to industry participants,
including us, which patents cover various drugs, biologics, drug delivery systems or their methods of use, and which of these
patents may be valid and enforceable. Thus, due to the large number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our fields,
third parties may allege they have patent rights encompassing our product candidates, technologies or methods. 

In
addition, our product candidates or proprietary technologies may infringe patents owned and/or filed by third parties, or third parties
may allege such infringement. Because (i) some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents
are issued, (ii) patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months
after filing and (iii) publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others
have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our own and in-licensed issued patents or our pending applications. Our
competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering our product candidates or technology similar to
ours. Any such patent application may have priority over our own and in-licensed patent applications or patents, which could further
require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions
similar to those owned or in-licensed to us, we or, in the case of in-licensed technology, the licensor may have to participate, in the
United States, in an interference proceeding to determine priority of invention. 

We
may be exposed to, or threatened with, future litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging
that our product candidates or proprietary technologies infringe such third parties intellectual property rights, including litigation
resulting from filing under Paragraph IV of the Hatch-Waxman Act. Such lawsuits can be costly and could adversely affect our operating
results and divert the attention of managerial and technical personnel, even if we do not infringe such patents or the patents asserted
against us are later invalidated. A court may, however, decide that we are infringing the third party s patents and order us to
cease the activities covered by the patents. In addition, there is a risk that a court will order us to pay for such third-party damages
for having violated the other party s patents. 

As
a result of patent infringement claims, or to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek licenses from third parties.
These licenses may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license
would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, which could result
in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property, or such rights might be restrictive and limit our present and future
activities. Ultimately, we or a licensee could be prevented from commercializing a product, or forced to cease some aspect of our business
operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. 

55 

In
addition to possible infringement claims against us, we may become a party to other patent litigation and other proceedings, including
interference, derivation, re-examination or other post-grant proceedings declared or granted by the USPTO, and similar proceedings in
foreign countries, regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our current or future products. 

There
is a substantial amount of litigation involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries, generally. To date, no litigation asserting infringement claims has ever been brought against us. If a third-party claims
that we infringe its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including: 

infringement
 and other intellectual property claims which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to litigate and may divert
 our management s attention from our core business; 

substantial
 damages for infringement, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product or technology at issue infringes or violates
 the third party s rights, and if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages
 and the patent owner s attorneys fees; 

a
 court prohibiting us from selling or licensing the product or using the technology unless the third party licenses its intellectual
 property rights to us, which it is not required to do; 

if
 a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties or upfront fees or grant cross-licenses to intellectual
 property rights for our products or technologies; and 

redesigning
 our products or processes so they do not infringe, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and
 time. 

Some
of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially
greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could harm our ability
to raise additional funds or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

Because
we rely on certain third-party licensors and partners, and will continue to do so in the future, if one of our licensors or partners
is sued for infringing a third party s intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects
could suffer in the same manner as if we were sued directly. In addition to facing litigation risks, we have agreed to indemnify certain
third-party licensors and partners against claims of infringement caused by our proprietary technologies, and we have entered or may
enter into cost-sharing agreements with some our licensors and partners that could require us to pay some of the costs of patent litigation
brought against those third parties whether or not the alleged infringement is caused by our proprietary technologies. In certain instances,
these cost-sharing agreements could also require us to assume greater responsibility for infringement damages than our technology alone
would otherwise suggest. 

We
may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property or the patents of our licensors, which
could be expensive and time-consuming. 

Competitors
may infringe upon our intellectual property, including our patent applications or the patents of our licensors. As a result, we may
be required to file infringement claims to stop third-party infringement or unauthorized use. Such proceedings and/or litigation can
be expensive particularly for a company of our size and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding,
a court may decide that a patent of ours is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to enjoin the other party from using the
technology at issue on the grounds that our patent claims do not cover its technology or that the factors necessary to grant an
injunction are not satisfied. An adverse determination in such case could put one or more of our patents at risk of being
invalidated, interpreted narrowly or amended such that they fail to cover or otherwise protect our product candidates. Moreover,
such adverse determinations could subject our patent applications to the risk that they will not issue, or issue with limited and
potentially inadequate scope to cover our product candidates. 

Interference,
derivation or other proceedings brought at the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority or patentability of inventions with respect
to our patent applications or those of our licensors or potential partners. Litigation or USPTO proceedings brought by us may fail or
may be invoked against us by third parties. Even if we are successful, domestic or foreign litigation, or USPTO or foreign patent office
proceedings may result in substantial costs and distraction to our management. We may not be able, alone or with our licensors or potential
partners, to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect such rights
as fully as in the United States. 

56 

Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation or other proceedings, there
is a risk that we may, intentionally or incidentally, disclose some of our confidential results of hearings, motions or other interim
proceedings or developments or public access to related documents. If investors perceive these results to be negative, the market price
for our common stock could be significantly harmed. 

Our
success will depend on our ability to partner or sub-license our product candidates and their subsequent successful commercialization. 

Our
MU1140 homologs research to identify a product candidate is in early-stage development and is expected to require partners with substantial
financial resources to continue the development of the product to commercialization. In addition, the product candidate has not received
regulatory approval in any jurisdiction and it may never receive approval or, if approvals are obtained, may never be commercialized
successfully. In addition, we do not know whether any of our clinical trials will be successful or can be completed within our current
expected budget. For our MU1140 homologs and other antibiotic product candidates, we have performed nonclinical testing using native
MU1140 and expect to continue to pursue the nonclinical testing of our MU1140 homologs and other antibiotic product candidates during
2023. We would expect the IND for a first-in-human clinical trial of a lantibiotic compound to be filed with the FDA based on our ability
to identify a new lead compound and complete the requisite pre-clinical studies, contingent on sufficient funding. Even if we are able
to partner and conduct successful clinical trials or the required regulatory approvals are obtained, we may never be able to generate
significant revenues from our MU1140 homologs or other antibiotic product candidates or other product candidates. If our MU1140 homologs
product candidate or our other product candidates under the Lantibiotics Program are unsuccessful, we may be unable to generate sufficient
revenues to sustain and grow our business, and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely
affected. 

If
our intellectual property rights do not adequately protect our products or product candidates, or if third parties claim we are infringing
their intellectual property rights, others could compete against us more directly or we could be subject to significant litigation. Such
results could prevent us from marketing our products or product candidates and hurt our profitability. 

Our
product and product candidates are protected by patents and patent applications. Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain
patents or rights to patents, protect trade secrets, operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others, and prevent others
from infringing on our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. We will be able to protect our intellectual property
from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that it is covered by valid and enforceable patents, trademarks and licenses.
Patent protection generally involves complex legal and factual questions and, therefore, enforceability of patent rights cannot be predicted
with certainty. Patents, if issued, may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Thus, any patents that we own or license from others
may not provide adequate protection against competitors. In addition, any future patent applications may fail to result in patents being
issued. Also, those patents that are issued may not provide us with adequate proprietary protection or competitive advantages against
competitors with similar product candidates. Moreover, the laws of certain foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights
to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

In
addition to patents and trademarks, we rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how. We seek protection of these rights, in part, through
confidentiality and proprietary information agreements. These agreements may not provide meaningful protection or adequate remedies for
violation of our rights in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential and proprietary information. Failure to protect
our proprietary rights could seriously impair our competitive position. 

In
the event of an infringement or violation, we may face litigation and may be prevented from pursuing product development or commercialization.
We may receive in the future, notice of claims of infringement of other parties proprietary rights. We may not have the financial
resources to defend against claims of infringement by other parties or to prosecute third parties for infringement of our intellectual
property. Infringement or other claims could be asserted or prosecuted against us in the future and it is possible that past or future
assertions or prosecutions could harm our business. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of cybersecurity/information systems risk. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of our manufacturers and other third parties on which
we rely, are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, malware, ransomware, unauthorized access, natural disasters, fire, explosions
or large-scale accidents, power outages or surges, terrorism, successful breaches, employee malfeasance, or human or technological error,
war and telecommunication and electrical failures. In addition, our systems safeguard important confidential personal data regarding
our subjects. If a disruption event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption
of our drug development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or planned clinical trials could
result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent
that any disruption or security breach results in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential
or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. 

57 

Security
breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems or those of the vendors on whom we rely could compromise our information
and expose us to liability, reputational damage, or other costs. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we and our current and future strategic partners, vendors, contractors, and consultants collect
and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and data about our clinical participants,
suppliers and business partners and personally identifiable information. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our
operations and business strategy. Some of this information represents an attractive target of criminal attack by malicious third parties
with a wide range of motives and expertise, including nation-states, organized criminal groups, hacktivists, patient groups,
disgruntled current or former employees and others. Our ongoing operating activities also depend on functioning information technology
systems. Cyberattacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication, and, despite our security measures, our information technology
systems and infrastructure and those of our vendors and partners are not immune to such attacks or breaches. 

In
2020, several domestic and foreign security agencies announced that government actors or government-affiliated actors were specifically
targeting organizations engaging in COVID-19 vaccine development and research. Our development of NT-CoV2-1 may result in greater risk
of cyber attack. Any such attack could result in a material compromise of our networks, and the information stored there could be accessed,
publicly disclosed, lost, rendered, permanently or temporarily, inaccessible. Furthermore, we may not promptly discover a system intrusion.
Attacks could have a material impact on our business, operations or financial results. Any access, disclosure or other loss of information,
whether stored by us or our partners, or other cyberattack causing disruption to our business, including ransomware, could result in
reputational, business, and competitive harms, significant costs related to remediation and strengthening our cyber defenses, legal claims
or proceedings, government investigations, liability including under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and increased
insurance premium, all of which could adversely affect our business. We also may need to pay a ransom if a ransomware infection
prevents access or use of our systems and we may face reputational and other harms in addition to the cost of the ransom if an attacker
steals certain critical data in the course of such an attack. 

We
may incur costs of addressing a cybersecurity incident. 

Cybersecurity
incidents have increased in number and severity recently and it is expected that these trends will continue. Should we be affected by
such an incident, we may incur substantial costs and suffer other negative consequences, which may include: 

investigation
 costs and costs to engage specialized consultants or costs of ransom demands; 

remediation
 costs, such as liability for stolen assets or information, repairs of system damage, and incentives to customers or business partners
 in an effort to maintain relationships after an attack; and 

litigation
 and legal risks, including regulatory actions by state and federal regulators. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of failures in our internal computer systems or those of our collaborators. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our current and any future partners, contractors
and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication
and electrical failures. While we have not experienced any such material system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such
an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs
and our business operations. For example, the loss of clinical development or manufacturing records or clinical trial data from completed
or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or
reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications,
or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of our product
candidates could be delayed. 

58 

Risks
Related to Government Regulations 

Our
product candidates are subject to substantial government regulation, including the regulation of nonclinical testing and clinical trials.
If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will be unable to generate revenues. 

The
production and marketing of products which may be developed from our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate, and our MU1140 homologs, or
otherwise and our research and development, nonclinical testing and clinical trial activities are subject to extensive regulation and
review by numerous governmental authorities. Most of the product candidates we are developing must undergo rigorous nonclinical testing
and clinical trials and an extensive regulatory approval process before they can be marketed in the United States or internationally. 

If
we fail to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we may have to cease further development. Clinical trials on our product
candidates are expected to take several years to fully complete. The commencement or completion of nonclinical studies or clinical trials
can be delayed or prevented for a number of reasons, including: 

an
 inability to raise sufficient capital to commence, conduct, or complete pre-clinical testing and clinical trials; 

insufficient
 or inadequate supply or quality of a product candidate or other materials necessary to conduct our clinical trials; 

difficulties
 in finding a partner with the resources to support large and expensive clinical development and commercialization costs; 

findings
 in nonclinical trials; 

difficulties
 obtaining regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial or complying with conditions imposed by a regulatory authority regarding
 the scope or term of a clinical trial; 

delays
 in reaching or failing to reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and trial
 sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

difficulties
 obtaining institutional review board, or IRB, approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site; 

challenges
 recruiting and enrolling patients to participate in clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including the size and nature of patient
 population, proximity of patients to clinical sites, eligibility criteria for the trial, nature of the trial protocol, the availability
 of approved effective treatments for the relevant condition and competition from other clinical trial programs for similar indications; 

limitations
 directly caused by, or restrictions imposed in response to, the COVID-19 pandemic, including our ability to conduct research and
 development and clinical trials, to engage or continue to engage with third-party contractors and suppliers or to comply with regulatory
 obligations relating to our business; 

severe
 or unexpected drug or biologic-related side effects experienced by patients in a clinical trial; and 

difficulties
 retaining patients who have enrolled in a clinical trial but may be prone to withdraw due to rigors of the trial, lack of efficacy,
 side effects, or personal issues, or who are lost to further follow up. 

Clinical
trials also may be delayed or terminated as a result of ambiguous or negative interim results. In addition, a clinical trial may be suspended
or terminated by us, the FDA, the IRBs at the sites where the IRBs are overseeing a trial, or a data safety monitoring board, or DSMB,
overseeing the clinical trial at issue, or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including: 

failure
 to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols; 

inspection
 of the clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 

59 

inspection
 of manufacturing and drug packaging operations by regulatory authorities; 

unforeseen
 safety issues or lack of effectiveness; and 

lack
 of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. 

We
cannot assure you that clinical trials will demonstrate the safety or effectiveness of any of our product candidates, or will otherwise
satisfy regulatory requirements. Our nonclinical studies or clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, there may be
inconsistencies between early clinical trial results and results obtained in later clinical trials, and we may decide, or regulators
may require us, to conduct additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials. Moreover, nonclinical and clinical data are often susceptible
to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in nonclinical
studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain FDA approval for their products. If we are unable to resolve the FDA s
concerns, we will not be able to obtain regulatory approval for these product candidates. 

The
pre-marketing approval process can be particularly expensive, uncertain and lengthy, and a number of products for which FDA or other
governmental regulatory approval has been sought by other companies have never been approved for marketing. In addition to testing and
approval procedures, extensive regulations also govern marketing, manufacturing, distribution, labeling, and record-keeping procedures.
If we do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, such violations could result in warning letters, non-approval, suspensions
of regulatory approvals or ongoing clinical trials, civil penalties and criminal fines, product seizures and recalls, operating restrictions,
injunctions, and criminal prosecution. 

We
may encounter such delays and rejection of our product candidates by the FDA or other regulatory authority may also adversely affect
our business. Such delays or rejection may be encountered due to, among other reasons, government or regulatory delays, lack of efficacy
during clinical trials, unforeseen safety issues, or changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development. More stringent
regulatory approval processes in product clearance and enforcement activities could result in our experiencing longer approval cycles,
more uncertainty, greater risk, and higher expenses. Even if regulatory approval of a product is granted, this approval may entail limitations
on uses for which the product may be labeled and promoted. It is possible, for example, that we may not receive FDA approval to market
products based on our licensed, patented product candidates for different indications or to market updated products that represent extensions
of our basic product candidates. In addition, we may not receive FDA approval to export our products based on our licensed, patented
product candidates in the future, and countries to which products are to be exported may not approve them for import. 

From
time to time, legislative or regulatory proposals are introduced that could alter the review and approval process relating to our product
candidates. It is possible that the applicable regulatory authority will issue additional regulations further restricting the sale of
our product candidates. Any change in legislation or regulations that govern the review and approval process relating to our future product
candidates could make it more difficult and costlier to obtain approval for new products based on our product candidates, or to produce,
market, and distribute such products if approved. 

We
may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for our SARS-CoV-2 vaccine product candidate, or other early-stage product candidates under
applicable regulatory requirements. The FDA and foreign regulatory bodies have substantial discretion in the approval process, including
the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of product candidates. The delay, limitation or denial of any regulatory approval would
adversely impact commercialization, our potential to generate revenue, our business and our operating results. 

We
are not permitted to market any of our current product candidates in the United States until we receive approval of an NDA or BLA from
the FDA. We are also not permitted to market any of our current product candidates in any foreign countries until we receive the requisite
approval from the applicable regulatory authorities of such countries. Failure to obtain such regulatory approvals will delay or prevent
us from commercializing any of our current or future product candidates. 

To
gain approval to market a new drug such as a lantibiotic compound, or a new biological product such as our SARS-CoV-2 vaccine product
candidate or a lantibiotic product candidate, we must provide the FDA and/or foreign regulatory authorities with, among other things,
extensive pre-clinical and clinical data that adequately demonstrates the safety and efficacy of the drug in its intended indication
and information to demonstrate the adequacy of the manufacturing methods to assure the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity.
The development and approval of new drug product candidates involves a long, expensive and uncertain process, and delay or failure can
occur at any stage. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industries have suffered significant setbacks in
clinical trials, including in Phase 3 clinical development, even after promising results in earlier pre-clinical studies or clinical
trials. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, observations during clinical trials regarding safety or efficacy, such
as previously unreported adverse events. Success in pre-clinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure success in later clinical
trials, and the results of clinical trials by other parties may not be indicative of the results in trials we may conduct. Further, different
results may be achieved depending upon whether the per protocol , or PP, analysis is used to report data results or whether
the modified intent-to-treat, or MITT, approach is used. Accordingly, regardless of the outcome of any Phase 2 trials,
any Phase 3 trials we may conduct may not be successful. 

60 

The
FDA and foreign regulatory bodies have substantial discretion in the drug approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or
deny approval of product candidates for many reasons. The FDA or the applicable foreign regulatory body may: 

disagree
 with the design or implementation of one or more clinical trials; 

decline
 to deem a product candidate safe and effective for its proposed indication, or deem a product candidate s safety or other perceived
 risks to outweigh its clinical or other benefits; 

find
 the data from pre-clinical studies and clinical trials does not sufficiently support approval, or the results of clinical trials
 may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required for approval; 

disagree
 with our interpretation of data from pre-clinical studies or clinical trials performed by us or third parties; 

determine
 the data collected from clinical trials are insufficient to support the submission or approval of an NDA or other applicable regulatory
 filing; 

require
 additional pre-clinical studies or clinical trials; 

identify
 deficiencies in the formulation, quality control, labeling or specifications of our current or future product candidates; 

grant
 approval contingent on the performance of costly additional post-approval clinical trials; 

approve
 our current or any future product candidates for a more limited indication or a narrower patient population than we originally requested
 or with strong warnings that may affect marketability; 

decline
 to approve the labeling that we believe is necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates; 

require
 a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, with monitoring requirements or distribution limitations. For example, it is
 possible that the FDA could require distribution controls in the approval, if any, of our product candidates to prevent inadvertent
 exposure to pregnant women; 

decline
 to approve of the manufacturing processes, controls or facilities of third-party manufacturers or testing labs with whom we contract;
 or 

change
 its approval policies or adopt new regulations in a manner rendering our clinical data or regulatory filings insufficient for approval. 

Any
delay, limitation or denial of any regulatory approval would adversely impact commercialization, our potential to generate revenue, our
business and our operating results. 

Delays
or difficulties in the enrollment of patients in clinical trials may result in additional costs and delays in our ability to generate
significant revenues, and may delay or prevent our receipt of any regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize our planned and future
products. 

We
may not be able to initiate or continue, or complete in a timely fashion clinical trials for NT-CoV2-1 or our other product candidates
if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials as required by the FDA
or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States. Many companies are currently or will soon be researching, developing and
testing therapeutic and vaccine product candidates specifically for or with potential application to SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19, which may
reduce our ability to conduct clinical trials for our SARS-CoV-2 vaccine product candidate. For example, even if we are able to identify
potential patients or eligibility criteria for a NT-CoV2-1 clinical trial, patients who are otherwise eligible for such clinical trials
may instead enroll in the clinical trials of our competitors SARS-CoV-2 product candidates or opt not to enroll due to other competitive
vaccines being administered by competitors based upon emergency use authorization. 

61 

Patient
enrollment is affected by other factors including: 

the
 severity of the disease under investigation; 

the
 eligibility criteria for the study in question; 

the
 perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 

the
 efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials; 

the
 patient referral practices of physicians; 

the
 ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; and 

the
 proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients. 

Our
inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials would result in significant delays, could require us to abandon
one or more clinical trials altogether and could delay or prevent our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals. Enrollment delays in
our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidates, which would cause the value of our company
to decline and impede our ability to obtain additional financing. 

Any
product candidates that we commercialize will be subject to ongoing and continued regulatory review. 

Even
after we achieve U.S. regulatory approval for a product candidate, if any, we will be subject to continued regulatory review and compliance
obligations. For example, the FDA may impose significant restrictions on the approved indicated uses for which our product candidates
may be marketed or on the conditions of approval. A product candidate s approval may contain requirements for potentially costly
post-approval studies and surveillance, including Phase 4 clinical trials or a REMS to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product.
We will also be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and continued regulatory review with respect to, among other things, the manufacturing,
processing, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for our product
candidates. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, continued
compliance with the FDA s good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements and good laboratory practice requirements, which are regulations
and guidelines the FDA would apply to all of our product candidates in clinical and pre-clinical development, along with any clinical
trials that we conduct post-approval, and continued compliance with the FDA s cGMP requirements pursuant to which manufacturing
facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA. To the extent that a product candidate is approved for
sale in other countries, we may be subject to similar restrictions and requirements imposed by laws and government regulators in those
countries. 

If
we, our product candidates or the manufacturing facilities for our product candidates fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements,
a regulatory agency may: 

impose
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, suspend or withdraw product approvals or revoke necessary licenses; 

issue
 warning letters, show cause notices or untitled letters describing alleged violations, which may be publicly available; 

mandate
 modifications to promotional materials or require us to provide corrective information to healthcare practitioners; 

require
 us to enter into a consent decree, which can include imposition of various fines, reimbursements for inspection costs, required due
 dates for specific actions and penalties for noncompliance; commence criminal investigations and prosecutions; 

impose
 injunctions; 

impose
 other civil or criminal penalties; 

62 

suspend
 any ongoing clinical trials; 

delay
 or refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us; 

refuse
 to permit drugs or active ingredients to be imported or exported to or from the United States; 

suspend
 or impose restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or 

seize
 or detain products or require us to initiate a product recall. 

The
regulations, policies or guidance of the FDA and other applicable government agencies may change and new or additional statutes or government
regulations may prevent or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates or further restrict or regulate post-approval activities.
We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of adverse government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative
action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are not able to achieve and maintain regulatory compliance, we may not be permitted
to market our product candidates, which would materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain
profitability. 

Our
product candidates may cause serious or undesirable side effects or possess other unexpected properties that could delay or prevent their
regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of approved labeling or result in post-approval regulatory action. 

Unforeseen
side effects from any of our product candidates could arise either during clinical development or, if approved, after marketing such
product. Undesirable side effects caused by product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, modify, delay or
halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or comparable
foreign authorities. Results of clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects. In such
an event, trials could be suspended or terminated and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further
development of or deny approval of product candidates for any or all targeted indications. The drug-related side effects could affect
patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in product liability claims. Any of these occurrences
may harm our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

Additionally,
if we or others identify undesirable side effects, or other previously unknown problems, caused by our product candidates after obtaining
U.S. or foreign regulatory approval or other products with the same or related active ingredients, a number of potentially negative consequences
could result, including: 

regulatory
 authorities may withdraw their approval of the product; 

regulatory
 authorities may require a recall of the product or we may voluntarily recall a product; 

regulatory
 authorities may require the addition of warnings or contraindications in the product labeling, narrowing of the indication in the
 product label or issuance of field alerts to physicians and pharmacies; 

we
 may be required to create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients or institute a
 REMS; 

we
 may be subject to limitations as to how we promote the product; 

we
 may be required to change the way the product is administered or modify the product in some other way; 

the
 FDA or applicable foreign regulatory authority may require additional clinical trials or costly post-marketing testing and surveillance
 to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product; 

sales
 of the product may decrease significantly; 

we
 could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

our
 brand and reputation may suffer. 

Any
of the above events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidate and could substantially
increase the costs of commercializing our product candidates. 

63 

If
any of our product candidates are approved for marketing and we are found to have improperly promoted off-label uses, or if physicians
misuse our products or use our products off-label, we may become subject to prohibitions on the sale or marketing of our products, product
liability claims and significant fines, penalties and sanctions, and our brand and reputation could be harmed. 

The
FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the marketing and promotional claims that are made about drug products. In
particular, a product may not be promoted for uses or indications that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies
as reflected in the product s approved labeling. If we are found to have promoted off-label uses of any of our product
candidates, we may receive a warning or untitled letters and become subject to significant liability, which would materially harm
our business. Both federal and state governments have levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper
promotion and have enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. If we become the target of such an investigation
or prosecution based on our marketing and promotional practices, we could face similar sanctions, which would materially harm our
business. In addition, management s attention could be diverted from our business operations, significant legal expenses could
be incurred and our brand and reputation could be damaged. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees or
permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we are deemed by the FDA to have engaged
in the promotion of our products for off-label use, we could be subject to FDA regulatory or enforcement actions, including the
issuance of an untitled letter, a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine or criminal penalties. It is also possible that
other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they determine our business activities constitute
promotion of an off-label use, which could result in significant penalties, including criminal, civil or administrative penalties,
damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs and the curtailment or restructuring of
our operations. 

We
cannot, however, prevent a physician from using our product candidates in ways that fall outside the scope of the approved indications,
as he or she may deem appropriate in his or her medical judgment. Physicians may also misuse our product candidates or use improper techniques,
which may lead to adverse results, side effects or injury and, potentially, subsequent product liability claims. Furthermore, the use
of our product candidates for indications other than those cleared by the FDA and/or other regulatory agencies may not effectively treat
such conditions, which could harm our brand and reputation among both physicians and patients. 

We
may also be subject to healthcare laws, regulation and enforcement and our failure to comply with those laws could adversely affect our
business, operations and financial condition. 

Certain
federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients rights are and will be applicable
to our business. We are subject to regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws
and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the
 federal healthcare program anti-kickback statute, which prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully
 offering, soliciting, receiving or providing any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly,
 overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce either the referral of an individual or in return for the purchase, lease, or
 order of any good, facility item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs
 such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

federal
 civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including, for example, the United States False Claims Act,
 which impose criminal and civil penalties, including civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for,
 among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, including the Medicare and Medicaid
 programs, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation
 to pay money to the federal government; 

the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic
 and Clinical Health Act, or HIPAA, which prohibits knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud
 any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any of the money
 or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (i.e., public or
 private), knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a health care benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation
 of a health care offense and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact
 or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services
 relating to healthcare matters; 

64 

HIPAA
 and related implementing regulations, which impose obligations on covered entities, including healthcare providers, health plans,
 and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as their respective business associates that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually
 identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission
 of individually identifiable health information; 

the
 federal physician sunshine requirements under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or ACA, which require manufacturers
 of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services information
 related to payments and other transfers of value provided to physicians and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests
 held by physicians and their immediate family members, with such information published on a searchable website on an annual basis;
 and 

state
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services
 reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with
 the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
 government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be provided to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state
 laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to healthcare providers
 or marketing expenditures; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many
 of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our
business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. In addition, recent health care reform legislation
has strengthened these laws. For example, the recently enacted ACA, among other things, amended the intent requirement of the federal
anti-kickback statute and certain criminal healthcare fraud statutes. A person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of
the statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the ACA provides that the government may assert that a claim including items
or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the
federal civil False Claims Act. 

Achieving
and sustaining compliance with these laws may prove costly. In addition, any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we
successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the
operation of our business. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental
laws or regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages,
fines, disgorgement, the exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, individual imprisonment or the curtailment
or restructuring of our operations, any of which could materially and adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial
results. 

Our
employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, vendors and CROs may engage in misconduct or other improper
activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 

We
are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, vendors and CROs may engage
in fraudulent or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these persons could include intentional, reckless or negligent conduct or unauthorized
activity that violates laws or regulations, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information
to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities; manufacturing standards; federal, state and foreign healthcare fraud and abuse laws and
data privacy; or laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. In particular, sales,
marketing and other business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks,
self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws may restrict or prohibit a wide range of business activities, including research,
manufacturing, distribution, pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business
arrangements. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials,
or illegal misappropriation of drug product, which could result in regulatory sanctions or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a
failure to comply with such laws or regulations, and serious harm to our reputation. In addition, federal procurement laws impose substantial
penalties for misconduct in connection with government contracts and require certain contractors to maintain a code of business ethics
and conduct. If any such actions are instituted against us, we may have to terminate employees or others involved and the impact of such
termination can result in our experiencing delays and additional costs associated with replacing the services being provided. If we are
not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including
the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare,
Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, FDA debarment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future
earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our operating
results. 

65 

Even
if our current product candidates or any future product candidates obtain regulatory approval, they may fail to achieve the broad degree
of health care payers, physician and patient adoption and use necessary for commercial success. 

The
commercial success of any of our current or future product candidates, if approved, will depend significantly on the broad adoption and
use of the resulting product by health care payers, physicians and patients for approved indications, and may not be commercially successful.
The degree and rate of physician and patient adoption of our current or future product candidates, if approved, will depend on a number
of factors, including: 

the
 clinical indications for which the product is approved and patient demand for approved products that treat those indications; 

the
 effectiveness of our product as compared to other available therapies; 

the
 availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from managed care plans and other healthcare payors for any of our product candidates
 that may be approved; 

the
 cost of treatment with our product candidates in relation to alternative treatments and willingness to pay for the product, if approved,
 on the part of patients; 

acceptance
 by physicians, major operators of clinics and patients of the product as a safe and effective treatment; 

physician
 and patient willingness to adopt a new therapy over other available therapies to treat approved indications; 

overcoming
 any biases physicians or patients may have toward particular therapies for the treatment of approved indications; 

proper
 training and administration of our product candidates by physicians and medical staff; 

patient
 satisfaction with the results and administration of our product candidates and overall treatment experience; 

the
 willingness of patients to pay for certain of our product candidates relative to other discretionary items, especially during economically
 challenging times; 

the
 revenue and profitability that our product candidate may offer a physician as compared to alternative therapies; 

the
 prevalence and severity of side effects; 

limitations
 or warnings contained in the FDA-approved labeling for our product candidates; 

any
 FDA requirement to undertake a REMS; 

the
 effectiveness of our sales, marketing and distribution efforts; 

adverse
 publicity about our product candidates or favorable publicity about competitive products; and 

potential
 product liability claims. 

If
any of our current or future product candidates are approved for use but fail to achieve the broad degree of physician and patient adoption
necessary for commercial success, our operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected, which may delay, prevent
or limit our ability to generate revenue and continue our operations. 

66 

If
we are unable to achieve and maintain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement for any of our product candidates for which we receive
regulatory approval, or any future products we may seek to commercialize, their commercial success may be severely hindered. 

As
to any of our product candidates that become available by prescription only, our success will depend on the availability of coverage
and adequate reimbursement for our product from third-party payors. Patients who are prescribed medicine for the treatment of their conditions
generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. The availability
of coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and private third-party
payors is critical to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug
products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. If any
of our product candidates fail to demonstrate attractive efficacy profiles, they may not qualify for coverage and reimbursement. Even
if we obtain coverage for a given product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate or may require co-payments
that patients find unacceptably high. Patients are unlikely to use our prescription-only products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement
is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our products. 

In
addition, the market for certain of our product candidates will depend significantly on access to third-party payors drug formularies,
or lists of medications for which third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement. The industry competition to be included in such
formularies often leads to downward pricing pressures on pharmaceutical companies. Also, third-party payors may refuse to include a particular
branded drug in their formularies or otherwise restrict patient access to a branded drug when a less costly generic equivalent or another
alternative is available. 

Moreover,
third-party payors, whether foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of
controlling healthcare costs. In addition, in the United States, although private third-party payors tend to follow Medicare, no uniform
policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug
products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and
costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our product candidates to each payor separately,
with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. 

Further,
we believe that future coverage and reimbursement will likely be subject to increased restrictions in both the United States and in international
markets. Third-party coverage and reimbursement for any of our product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval may not
be available or adequate in either the United States or international markets, which could harm our business, financial condition, operating
results and prospects. 

If
our products do not receive favorable third-party reimbursement, or if new restrictive legislation is adopted, market acceptance of our
products may be limited and we may not generate significant revenues. 

Our
ability to commercialize our products will depend in part on the extent to which appropriate reimbursement levels for the cost of our
proposed formulations and products and related treatments are obtained by governmental authorities, private health insurers and other
organizations, such as Health Maintenance Organizations, or HMOs. Reimbursement from third parties depends greatly on our ability to
present data which demonstrate positive outcomes and reduced utilization of other products or services as well as cost data which show
that treatment costs using the new product are equal to or less than what is currently covered for other products. If our products do
not receive favorable third-party reimbursement and patients are unwilling or unable to pay for our products out-of-pocket, it could
limit our revenues and harm our business. 

The
continuing efforts of government and insurance companies, health maintenance organizations and other payers of healthcare costs to contain
or reduce costs of health care may affect our future revenues and profitability, and the future revenues and profitability of our potential
customers, suppliers and collaborative partners and the availability of capital. For example, in certain foreign markets, pricing or
profitability of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to government control. In the United States, recent federal and state government
initiatives have been directed at lowering the total cost of health care. In March 2010, President Obama signed into law the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act, a sweeping law intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of
healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance
industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. Federal and state legislatures
will likely continue to focus on health care reform, controlling the cost of prescription pharmaceuticals and on the reform of the Medicare
and Medicaid systems. While we cannot predict whether any such legislative or regulatory proposals will be adopted, the announcement
or adoption of such proposals could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

67 

Risks
Related to Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) 

Our
business has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic or other contagious diseases, including
the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our
business operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, epidemics and pandemics. An epidemic or pandemic disease
outbreak, including the ongoing spread of COVID-19, could cause significant disruption to our business operations or the operations of
our third-party manufacturers and CROs upon whom we rely, as well as to our clinical trials, including as a result of significant restrictions
or bans on travel into and within the countries in which our manufacturers produce our product candidates or where we conduct our pre-clinical
testing or our future clinical trials. Such disruption could impede, delay, limit or prevent our employees and CROs from continuing research
and development activities, the production, delivery or release of our product candidates to our clinical trial sites, as well as clinical
trial investigators, patients or other critical staff from traveling to or otherwise continuing to participate in our clinical trials,
and delay data collection and analysis and other related activities, any of which could impede, delay, limit or prevent completion of
our ongoing pre-clinical testing or our future clinical trials pre-clinical or commencement of new clinical trials, and ultimately lead
to the delay or denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates, which would seriously harm our operations and financial condition
and increase our costs and expenses. 

The
COVID-19 outbreak could also potentially affect the business of the FDA, EMA or other health authorities, which could result in delays
in meetings related to planned or completed clinical trials and ultimately of reviews and approvals of our product candidates. The COVID-19
outbreak and mitigation measures also have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on global economic conditions which could have
an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, including impairing our ability to raise capital when needed. The extent to
which the spread of COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted,
including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the virus and the actions to contain its impact. The severity of
the coronavirus disease could also make access to our existing supply chain difficult or impossible and could materially impact our business.
Any one or a combination of the aforementioned events could have an adverse effect on our business. 

In
addition, during a global health crisis, one or more government entities could take actions (such as via the Defense Production Act in
the U.S.) that diminish our rights or economic opportunities with respect to our products. Our third-party service providers could be
impacted by government-imposed restrictions on services they might otherwise offer. Any such action could cause us to experience delays
in the development, production, distribution or export of our products and development candidates and increased expenses. 

Our
ability to conduct clinical trials may be impeded, delayed, limited or prevented entirely due to the spread of COVID-19, the imposition
of government restrictions and the concurrent disruptions to ordinary business activities globally . 

As
the U.S. and foreign governments and nongovernmental organizations continue to respond to the spread of COVID-19, our ability to conduct
clinical trials may be impeded, delayed, limited or prevented entirely by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: 

delays
 or difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials; 

delays
 or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 

diversion
 of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial
 sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials; 

interruption
 of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by
 federal or state governments, employers and others; 

limitations
 in employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees
 or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; 

delays
 in receiving approval from local regulatory authorities to initiate our planned clinical trials; 

delays
 in clinical sites receiving the supplies and materials needed to conduct our clinical trials; 

interruption
 in global shipping that may affect the transport of clinical trial materials; 

68 

changes
 in local regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19, which may require us to change the ways in which our clinical trials
 are conducted, which may result in unexpected costs, or to discontinue the clinical trials altogether; 

delays
 in necessary interactions with local regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations
 in employee resources or forced furlough of government employees; and 

refusal
 of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in affected geographies outside the United States. 

As
the spread of COVID-19 continues, the extent to which COVID- may impact our business and clinical trials will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the ultimate geographic spread and density of the disease,
the duration of future outbreaks involving new variants, travel restrictions and social distancing in the United States and other countries,
business closures or business disruptions and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain
and treat the disease. 

Our
business may involve international components, and we are exposed to various global and local risks related to the COVID-19 that could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations . 

Our
business may involve international components such as clinical trial enrollment. Consequently, we may be exposed to, or our third-party
contractors, suppliers or manufacturers may be exposed to, certain global events beyond our control, including war, public health crises,
epidemics, pandemics, trade disputes, geopolitical conflicts and other international events, including, for example, the global impact
of COVID-19 and the various responses taken by foreign authorities, such as government-imposed quarantines and other public health safety
measures. 

The
extent to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted,
including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions to contain the coronavirus or treat
its impact, among others. Moreover, COVID-19 has had, and may in the future have, indeterminable adverse effects on general commercial
activity and the world economy, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected to the extent that COVID-19 or
any other epidemic harms the global economy generally. The international components of our business may be directly subject to, and the
domestic components may be indirectly impacted by, a variety of risks, including: 

foreign
 currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

greater
 difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

greater
 risk of uncollectible accounts; 

longer
 collection cycles; 

logistical
 and communications challenges; 

potential
 adverse changes in laws and regulatory practices, including export license requirements, trade barriers, tariffs and tax laws; 

changes
 in labor conditions; 

burdens
 and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; 

political
 and economic instability; 

increases
 in duties and taxation; 

foreign
 tax laws and potential increased costs associated with overlapping tax structures; 

greater
 difficulty in protecting intellectual property; 

the
 risk of third-party disputes over ownership of intellectual property and infringement of third-party intellectual property by our
 products; and 

general
 economic and political conditions in these foreign markets. 

69 

International
markets are also affected by economic pressure to contain reimbursement levels and healthcare costs. Profitability from international
operations may be limited by risks and uncertainties related to regional economic conditions, regulatory and reimbursement approvals,
competing products, infrastructure development, intellectual property rights protection and our ability to implement our overall business
strategy. We expect these risks will increase as we seek to expand operations into new geographic markets. We may not succeed in developing
and implementing effective policies and strategies in each location where we conduct business. Any failure to do so may harm our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Macroeconomic
pressures in the markets in which we operate, including, but not limited to, the effectives of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) may
alter the ways in which we conduct our business operations and manage our financial capacities. 

To
varying degrees, the ways in which we conduct our business operations and manage our financial capacities are influenced by macroeconomic
conditions that affect companies directly involved in or providing services related to the drug and biological product development. For
example, real GDP growth, business and investor confidence, the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, employment levels, oil prices, interest
rates, tax rates, availability of consumer and business financing, housing market conditions, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations,
costs for items such as fuel and food and other macroeconomic trends can adversely affect not only our decisions and ability to engage
in research and development and clinical trials, but also those of our management, employees, third-party contractors, manufacturers
and suppliers, competitors, shareholders and regulatory authorities. In addition, geopolitical issues around the world and how our markets
are positioned can also impact the macroeconomic conditions and could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 

Economic
uncertainty may adversely affect our access to capital, cost of capital and ability to execute our business plan as scheduled. 

Generally,
worldwide economic conditions remain uncertain. Access to capital markets is critical to our ability to operate. Traditionally, biotechnology
companies have funded their research and development expenditures through raising capital in the equity markets. Declines and uncertainties
in these markets in the past have severely restricted raising new capital and have affected companies ability to continue to expand
or fund existing research and development efforts. We require significant capital for research and development for our vaccine candidates
and clinical trials. The general economic and capital market conditions, both in the U.S. and worldwide, have been volatile in the past
and at times have adversely affected our access to capital and increased the cost of capital. There is no certainty that the capital
and credit markets will be available to raise additional capital on favorable terms. If economic conditions become worse, our future
cost of equity or debt capital and access to the capital markets could be adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to access
the capital markets on favorable terms, our ability to execute our business plan as scheduled would be compromised. Moreover, we rely
and intend to rely on third-parties, including clinical research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations and other important
vendors and consultants. Global economic conditions may result in a disruption or delay in the performance of our third-party contractors
and suppliers. If such third-parties are unable to adequately satisfy their contractual commitments to us in a timely manner, our business
could be adversely affected. 

Inadequate
funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel,
prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from
performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 

The
ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding
levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. In
connection with the foregoing factors, review times at the agency have fluctuated from time to time. In addition, government funding
of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities,
is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 

Disruptions
at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies,
which would adversely affect our business. For example, in the past, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory
agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have furloughed critical FDA, SEC and other government employees and stopped critical activities.
We cannot predict the extent to which the current spread of COVID-19 will impact the resources of such government agencies, including,
in particular, the public health resources available to the FDA. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact
the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Further, in our operations as a public company, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and
obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 

70 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

The
issuance of additional equity securities by us in the future would result in dilution to our existing common shareholders. 

Our
Board of Directors has authority, without action or vote of our shareholders, to issue all or a part of our authorized but unissued
shares, except where shareholder approval is required by law. Any issuance of additional equity securities by us in the future could
result in dilution to our existing common shareholders. Such issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount or a
premium to the then-current trading price of our common stock. In addition, our business strategy may include expansion through
internal growth by acquiring complementary businesses, acquiring or licensing additional products or brands, or establishing
strategic relationships with targeted customers and suppliers. In order to do so, or to finance the cost of our other activities, we
may issue additional equity securities that could result in further dilution to our existing common shareholders. These issuances
would dilute the percentage ownership interest of our existing common shareholders, which would have the effect of reducing their
influence on matters on which our shareholders vote, and might dilute the book value of our common stock. For example, we issued
277,778 shares of common stock, short-term warrants to purchase up to 159,723 shares of common stock, and long-term warrants to
purchase up to 159,723 shares of common stock, as part of our March 25, 2019 underwritten public offering. In November and December
of 2020, we issued 271,960 and 240,741 shares of common stock, respectively, in connection with an underwritten public offering and
a registered direct offering. In connection with an at-the-market sale of shares of our common stock during the first quarter of
2021, we issued an additional 356,647 shares of our common stock and issued 41,210 shares pursuant to warrant exercises. During the
second quarter of 2021, we issued an additional 25,943 shares of our common stock pursuant to option exercises. During the third
quarter of 2021, we issued an additional 3,334 shares of our common stock pursuant to option exercises. As a result, our outstanding
shares of common stock has increased significantly from 490,553 shares as of December 31, 2018 to 2,024,657 as of December 31, 2022;
however, there is a possibility we will need to issue additional shares in the future and the risk of dilution remains
possible. 

We
cannot assure you that we will continue to be listed on the NYSE American. 

Our
common stock commenced trading on the NYSE American formerly the NYSE MKT) on April 10, 2013, and we are subject to certain NYSE
American continued listing requirements and standards. On December 19, 2022, we received notice of a non-compliance from the NYSE
American due to our share price being too low. We subsequently effected a one for sixty reverse stock split on January 20, 2023 and
received notice on February 1, 2023 from the NYSE American that we had regained compliance. We may also incur costs that we have not
previously incurred for expenses for compliance with the rules and requirements of the NYSE American. We cannot provide any
assurance that we will be able to continue to satisfy the requirements of the NYSE American s continued listing standards. A
delisting of our common stock from the NYSE American could negatively affect the price and liquidity of our common stock and could
impair our ability to raise capital in the future. 

Our
financial results could vary significantly from quarter to quarter and are difficult to predict. 

Our
operating results could vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control.
As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. In addition, we may not be able to predict
our future revenues or results of operations. We base our current and future expense levels on our internal research and development
plans and forecasts, and our operating costs vary to the extent of our research and development and the planning for and conduct of clinical
trials. As a result, we may incur significant or unanticipated expenses associated with our research and development efforts of our product
candidates under development. In addition to other risk factors discussed in this section, factors that may contribute to the variability
of our quarterly results include: 

Our
 use of available cash resources; 

decisions
 by us to continue to pursue research and development and incur additional expenses, such
 as commencing a clinical trial or increases in research and development with our current
 product candidate; 

the
 timing of release of pre-clinical and clinical trial results and new products and services by our competitors, particularly those
 that may represent a significant portion of revenues in any given period; 

the
 popularity of new products, and products released in prior periods; 

changes
 by our competitors; 

71 

our
 success in entering new geographic markets; 

the
 level of expenses associated with our regulatory applications or compliance and clinical trials; and 

the
 timing of compensation expense associated with equity compensation grants. 

As
a result of these and other factors, our quarterly and annual operating results could be materially adversely affected. Moreover, our
operating results may not meet the expectations of research analysts or investors, in which case the price of our common stock could
decrease significantly. 

Our
Series A and Series B preferred stock, if not converted into common stock, has a distribution and liquidation preference senior to our
common stock in liquidation, which could negatively affect the value of our common stock and impair our ability to raise additional capital. 

On
November 8, 2017, we issued 6,600,000 shares of convertible preferred stock, designated as the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant
to the certificate of designation and rights filed by us with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida, with an aggregate original
purchase price and initial liquidation preference of 3.3 million. Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock was issued for
an amount equal to 0.50 per share, which we refer to as the original purchase price. On August 26, 2022 a certain holder of Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock elected to convert to common stock and, as a result of such conversion, 4,050,000 shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock remain outstanding. 

On
May 10, 2017 and on July 25, 2017, we issued an aggregate of 12,000,000 shares of convertible preferred stock, designated as the Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to the certificate of designation and rights filed by us with the Secretary of State of the State
of Florida, with an aggregate original purchase price and initial liquidation preference of 3.0 million. Each share of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock was issued for an amount equal to 0.25 per share, which we refer to as the original purchase price. On March 9, 2018
and August 26, 2022, certain holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock elected to convert to common stock and, as a result of such
conversions, 5,417,000 shares of Series A Preferred remain outstanding. 

Our
Series A and Series B preferred stock, if not converted into common stock, will also be senior to our common stock in distribution and
liquidation if such shares are not converted into common stock, which could negatively affect the value of our common stock and impair
our ability to raise additional capital. 

The
conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock, and Series B Preferred Stock and the exercise of currently outstanding warrants could result
in significant dilution to the holders of our common stock. 

The
holders of our Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock may convert their shares of preferred stock into shares of
common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding: (i) 5,417,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding, which are
convertible into 9,028 shares of common stock and (ii) 4,050,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, which are convertible into
13,500 shares of common stock. In addition to our outstanding shares of preferred stock, as of December 31, 2022, there were
currently outstanding warrants to purchase 275,990 shares of our common stock. The conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and
Series B Preferred Stock, as well as the exercise of our outstanding warrants could result in significant dilution to existing
common shareholders, adversely affect the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale
of additional equity securities. 

Certain
provisions of our articles of incorporation, bylaws, executive employment agreements and stock option plan may prevent a change of control
of our company that a shareholder may consider favorable. 

Provisions
of our articles of incorporation, bylaws, executive employment agreements and stock option plan may discourage, delay or prevent a change
of control of our company that a shareholder may consider favorable. These provisions include: 

authorization
 of the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors without shareholder approval
 and that may be substantially dilutive or contain preferences or rights objectionable to an acquirer; 

the
 ability of our Board of Directors to amend the bylaws without shareholder approval; 

vacancies
 on our Board may only be filled by the remaining Directors and not our shareholders; 

72 

requirements
 that only our Board, our President or holders of more than 10 of our shares can call a special meeting of shareholders; 

obligations
 to make certain payments under executive employment agreements in the event of a change of control and termination of employment;
 and 

immediate
 vesting of all outstanding stock options. 

As
a result, these provisions could discourage bids for our common stock at a premium and limit the price that investors are willing to
pay in the future for shares of our common stock. However, in our articles of incorporation we expressly elected not to be governed by
Sections 607.0901 and 607.0902 of the Florida Business Corporation Act, which are statutory anti-takeover provisions relating to affiliated
transactions and control share acquisitions, respectively. As such, we do not have the protection of these statutes in connection with
any unwanted takeover attempts which could have the effect of encouraging an attempted change of control without first negotiating with
our Board of Directors. 

The
market price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be volatile and fluctuate significantly, which could result in substantial
losses for shareholders. 

The
trading price of our common stock has historically been, and we expect it to continue to be, volatile. The price at which our common
stock trades depends upon a number of factors, including our historical and anticipated operating results, our financial situation, announcements
by us or our competitors, our ability or inability to raise the additional capital we may need and the terms on which we raise it, and
general market and economic conditions. Some of these factors are beyond our control. Broad market fluctuations may lower the market
price of our common stock and affect the volume of trading in our stock, regardless of our financial condition, results of operations,
business or prospects. The closing price of our common stock as reported on the NYSE American had a high price of 34.20 and a low price
of 6.60 in the 52-week period ended December 31, 2022. These factors include: 

results
 of preclinical and clinical studies of our product candidates or those of our competition; 

regulatory
 or legal developments in the U.S. and other countries, especially changes in laws and regulations applicable to our product candidates; 

actions
 taken by regulatory agencies with respect to our product candidates, clinical studies, manufacturing process or sales and marketing
 terms; 

introductions
 and announcements of new products by us or our competitors, and the timing of these introductions or announcements; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or other strategic transactions or capital commitments; 

fluctuations
 in our quarterly operating results or the operating results of our competitors; 

variance
 in our financial performance from the expectations of investors; 

changes
 in the estimation of the future size and growth rate of our markets; 

changes
 in accounting principles or changes in interpretations of existing principles, which could affect our financial results; 

failure
 of our products to achieve or maintain market acceptance or commercial success; 

conditions
 and trends in the markets we serve; 

changes
 in general economic, industry and market conditions; 

changes
 in legislation or regulatory policies, practices or actions; 

the
 commencement or outcome of litigation involving our company, our general industry or both; 

73 

recruitment
 or departure of key personnel; 

changes
 in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities, redemption or conversion of preferred stock or the incurrence of
 additional debt; 

actual
 or expected sales of our common stock by our stockholders; 

acquisitions
 and financings; and 

the
 trading volume of our common stock; 

Our
stock price has been, and in the future may be, subject to substantial volatility. For example, our stock traded within a range of a
high volume of 3,900,007 and a low volume of 7,362 per share for the period of January 1, 2022, through December 31, 2022. As a result
of this volatility, our stockholders could incur substantial losses. 

The
stock markets, in general, NYSE American and the market for biotech companies in particular, may experience a loss of investor confidence.
Such loss of investor confidence may result in extreme price and volume fluctuations in our common stock that are unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

If
our quarterly or annual results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could
decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly or annual fluctuations in our results may, in turn, cause the price of our stock to
fluctuate substantially. We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be
relied upon as an indication of our future performance. 

In
addition, public statements by us, government agencies, the media or others relating to the coronavirus outbreak (including regarding
efforts to develop a coronavirus vaccine or existing vaccines in the market) have in the past resulted, and may in the future result,
in significant fluctuations in our stock price. Given the global focus on the coronavirus outbreak, any information in the public arena
on this topic, whether or not accurate, could have an outsized impact (either positive or negative) on our stock price. Information related
to our development, manufacturing and distribution efforts with respect to NT-CoV2-1, or information regarding such efforts by competitors
with respect to their vaccines, may also impact our stock price. 

Our
stock price is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to significant volume fluctuations in response to market and other factors,
including the other factors discussed in n future periodic reports; variations in our quarterly operating results from our expectations
or those of securities analysts or investors; downward revisions in securities analysts estimates; and announcement by us or our
competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments. 

We
may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

The
market price of our common stock has been in the past and may continue to be volatile. In the past, other publicly-traded companies that
have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the
target of securities law-related litigation in the future, and such litigation against us, even if unsuccessful, could result in substantial
costs and divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business, financial condition
and results of operations and prospects. 

Future
sales or issuances of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception of such sales, could depress the trading price of our
common stock. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock and/or securities convertible into shares of common stock, or the perception by
the market that those sales could occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline or could make it more difficult
for us to raise funds through the sale of equity in the future. 

Future
issuances of common stock could further depress the market for our common stock. We expect to continue to incur drug development and
selling, general and administrative costs, and to satisfy our funding requirements, we will need to sell additional equity
securities, which may include sales of significant amounts of common stock to strategic investors, and which common stock may be
subject to registration rights and warrants with anti-dilutive protective provisions. The sale or the proposed sale of substantial
amounts of our common stock or other equity securities in the public markets or in private transactions may adversely affect the
market price of our common stock and our stock price may decline substantially. Our stockholders may experience substantial dilution
and a reduction in the price that they are able to obtain upon the sale of their shares. Also, new equity securities issued may have
greater rights, preferences or privileges than our existing common stock. In addition, we have a significant number of shares of
restricted stock, stock options and warrants outstanding. To the extent that outstanding stock options or warrants have been or may
be exercised or other shares issued, stockholders may experience further dilution. 

74 

If
we make one or more significant acquisitions in which the consideration includes stock or other securities, our stockholders holdings
may be significantly diluted. In addition, stockholders holdings may also be diluted if we enter into arrangements with third
parties permitting us to issue shares of common stock in lieu of certain cash payments upon the achievement of milestones. 

The
issuance of shares of our common stock under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan is covered by Form S-8 registration statements we filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and upon exercise of the options, such shares may be resold into the market. We have
also issued shares of common stock and warrants in connection with previous private placements. Such shares are available for resale
as well as certain of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We have also issued shares of our common stock
in the private placement and financing transaction, which are deemed to be restricted securities, as that term is defined
in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Securities Act, and such shares may be resold pursuant to the
provisions of Rule 144. The resale of shares acquired from us in private transactions could cause our stock price to decline significantly.
In addition, the conversion of outstanding shares preferred stock into common stock and the subsequent sale of shares of common stock
could also cause our stock price to decline significantly. 

In
addition, from time to time, certain of our shareholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their restricted shares of common stock
by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, subject to certain limitations. In general, pursuant
to Rule 144, after satisfying a six-month holding period: (i) affiliated shareholders, or shareholders whose shares are aggregated, may,
under certain circumstances, sell within any three-month period a number of securities which does not exceed the greater of 1 of the
then-outstanding shares of common stock or the average weekly trading volume of the class during the four calendar weeks prior to such
sale and (ii) non-affiliated shareholders may sell without such limitations, in each case provided we are current in our public reporting
obligations. Rule 144 also permits the sale of securities by non-affiliates that have satisfied a one-year holding period without any
limitation or restriction. 

We
are unable to estimate the number of shares that may be sold because this will depend on the market price for our common stock, the personal
or business circumstances of sellers and other factors.. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract
and retain qualified members for our Board of Directors. 

As
a public company, we are already subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange
Act, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The requirements of these rules and regulations may increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance
costs; may make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly; and may also place undue strain on our personnel, systems
and resources. Our management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to comply with these requirements. Moreover,
these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costlier.
These rules and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of
Directors and Board committees or as executive officers. 

As
a public company we are also required to assess our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and file periodic reports with the SEC. If we are unable to comply with these requirements in a timely manner, or
if material weaknesses or significant deficiencies persist, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to
sanctions or regulatory investigations, which could harm our business. We must perform an assessment of our internal control over
financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required
by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we incur a
substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. If we are unable to comply with the requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or the SEC reporting requirements in a timely manner, or if we note or identify deficiencies
in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could
decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require
additional financial and management resources. As a smaller reporting company, we do not have to have our independent registered
public accounting firm report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If in the future we no longer
meet the requirements of a smaller reporting company, our independent registered public accounting firm will have to report on our
internal controls over financial reporting. There can be no assurance that our independent registered public accounting firm will
not identify material weaknesses which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

75 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent
fraud which could subject us to regulatory sanctions, harm our business and operating results and cause the trading price of our stock
to decline. 

Effective
internal controls required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley Act, are necessary for us to provide
reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business,
reputation and operating results could be harmed. We have discovered, and may in the future discover, areas of our internal controls
that need improvement. We cannot be certain that the measures we have taken or intend to take will ensure that we maintain adequate controls
over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls or difficulties
encountered in their implementation could subject us to regulatory sanctions, harm our business and operating results or cause us to
fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also harm our reputation and cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information, which could have a negative impact on the trading price of our stock. 

We
will continue to incur significant costs as a result of and devote substantial management time to operating as a public company listed
on the NYSE American. 

As
a public company listed on the NYSE American, we incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses
that we did not incur before when trading on the OTCQB Marketplace. For example, we are subject to the rules and regulations required
by the NYSE American, including changes in corporate governance practices and minimum listing requirements. These requirements have increased
our legal and financial compliance costs and have and will continue to render some activities more time-consuming and costlier. In addition,
our management and other personnel have diverted and will continue to divert attention from operational and other business matters to
devote substantial time to these listing requirements and failure to meet these requirements could lead to an adverse effect on the listing
of our common stock on the NYSE American. 

If
securities or industry analysts publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and
trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock depends in part upon the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business from time to time. If one or more of the analysts who seek to cover us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate
or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage, once
commenced, or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price and trading
volume to decline. 

We
may issue debt or debt securities convertible into equity securities, any of which may be senior to our common stock as to distributions
and in liquidation, which could negatively affect the value of our common stock. 

In
the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by entering into debt or debt-like financing that is unsecured or secured
by up to all of our assets, or by issuing additional debt or equity securities, which could include issuances of secured or unsecured
commercial paper, medium-term notes, senior notes, subordinated notes, guarantees, preferred stock, hybrid securities, or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities. In the event of our liquidation, our lenders and holders of our debt and securities
would receive distributions of our available assets before distributions to the holders of our common stock. Because our decision to
incur debt and issue securities in future offerings may be influenced by market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot
predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings or debt financings. Further, market conditions could require
us to accept less favorable terms for the issuance of our securities in the future. 

We
are a smaller reporting company and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to smaller
reporting companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company, meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned
subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company, have a public float of less than 250 million and
have annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. As a smaller reporting company, 
we are subject to lesser disclosure obligations in our SEC filings compared to other issuers. Specifically, smaller reporting
companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings, are exempt from the provisions of
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report
on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC
filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Decreased
disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze
our operating results and financial prospects. 

76 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends. 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the payment of cash dividends on our capital stock will be at our Board of Directors 
discretion and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements and other factors that our Board of Directors
considers to be relevant. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We
lease approximately 2,207 square feet for our corporate offices located at 4902 Eisenhower Boulevard, Suite 125, Tampa, Florida 33634.
Lease payments range from 4,138 per month to 4,392 per month inclusive of insurance, taxes and utilities. The lease costs for the year
ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 65,000 which includes insurance, taxes and utilities. In November of 2019, the Company entered
into an amendment for the office space in Tampa to extend the term for an additional three years beginning in March of 2020. Under the
amended lease agreement, the rental payments are expected to range from 4,524 per month to 4,800 per month. 

In
August of 2022, the Company entered into an amendment for the leased office space for corporate personnel located in Tampa, FL. The amended
lease is for approximately 2,207 square feet. The lease period for the office space is for twelve months commencing on March 1, 2023.
Lease payments are 4,944 per month inclusive of insurance, taxes and utilities. The lease expires on February 29, 2024. 

In
addition to our Tampa location, we continue to lease our research facility located at 13700 Progress Boulevard, Alachua, Florida 32615.
The facility is approximately 5,300 square feet of which approximately 60 is laboratory space and the remainder is office space and
common areas. The lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 166,000 which includes insurance, taxes and utilities.
Lease payments are capped during the term. In June of 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to our lease for the Alachua facility
to provide for a term of five years beginning at the end of the existing lease term in December of 2019. Under the amended lease agreement,
the rental payments range from 12,870 per month to 13,338 per month. The lease may be terminated prior to its stated expiration date
upon the payment of nine-months rent. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We
are not a party to any material legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

77 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the NYSE American under the ticker symbol OGEN . The last price of our common stock as
reported on the NYSE American on April 14, 2023 was 3.14 per share. As of April 14, 2023, there were approximately 66 stockholders
of record of our common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners from whom shares are held by nominees in street name
such as banks and brokerage firms. 

Dividends 

To
date, we have neither declared nor paid any dividends on our common stock nor do we anticipate that such dividends will be paid in the
foreseeable future. Rather, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the growth and development of our business. Any payment of cash
dividends on our common stock in the future will be dependent, among other things, upon our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements
and other factors which the Board of Directors deems relevant. In addition, restrictive covenants contained in any financing agreements
entered into in the future may preclude us from paying any dividends. 

Unregistered
Sale Of Equity Securities And Use Of Proceeds 

None. 

Stock
Repurchases in the Fourth Quarter 

There
were no purchases of our common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED.] 

Not
applicable. 

78 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the notes thereto, included
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual
results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements as a result
of certain factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth herein and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a development-stage company dedicated to the research and development of potential therapies to fight infectious diseases including
coronaviruses and multidrug-resistant organisms. Our lead product (NT-CoV2-1) is an intranasal vaccine candidate to prevent coronavirus
disease COVID-19 from the SARS-CoV-2 virus and variants thereof. The NT-CoV2-1 program leverages coronavirus spike protein
research licensed from the National Institutes of Health and the National Research Council of Canada with a focus on reducing viral transmission
and offering a more patient-friendly intranasal administration. Our proprietary lantibiotics program features a novel class of antibiotics
against bacteria our research has shown may be applicable to multiple antibiotic-resistant organisms. 

Our
SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine Product Candidate - NT-CoV2-1 

Following
our May 2020 acquisition of one hundred percent (100 of the total issued and outstanding common stock of Noachis Terra, Inc. Noachis
Terra we are focused on the development and commercialization of a vaccine product candidate to provide long-lasting immunity
from SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19. Noachis Terra is a party to a worldwide, nonexclusive intellectual property and biological materials
license agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases NIAID ), an institute within the National
Institutes of Health NIH ), relating to certain research, patent applications and biological materials involving pre-fusion
stabilized coronavirus spike proteins and their use in the development and commercialization of a vaccine to provide specific, long lasting
immunity from SARS-CoV-2. Since the acquisition we have conducted testing in animal models, including SARS-CoV-2 challenge studies in
hamsters, using specific formulations for intramuscular administration (our Terra CoV-2 vaccine candidate) and intranasal administration
(our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine candidate), both based on the NIAID pre-fusion stabilized spike protein antigens. Following consideration of a
number of factors, including but not limited to the competitive landscape, we determined to bring the intranasal vaccine candidate NT-CoV2-1
into further development due to the greater differentiation versus current COVID-19 vaccines and the potential benefits of intranasal
over intramuscular administration. We believe these benefits could include a higher reduction of transmission of SARS-CoV-2 and would
offer a needle-free delivery option. We therefore are currently focusing our development efforts on our more highly differentiated NT-CoV2-1
vaccine candidate. 

On
July 26, 2021, we entered into a licensing agreement with the National Research Council of Canada NRC that enables us
to pursue the development of next-generation vaccines against the SARS-CoV-2 virus and its variants. The license was subsequently amended
to include the Omicron variant, broaden the non-exclusive field of use to include all diseases caused by coronaviruses and any genetic
variants thereof, add research protocol developed by the NRC, and add reagents as part of the NRC technologies licensed by us. We extended
the license in April 2022. The NRC technologies, in combination with the licensed technologies from the U.S. NIH used in our NT-CoV2-1
vaccine candidate, provide us with a platform that can generate cell lines for high-yield production of spike protein antigens for existing
and emerging variants of concern. This platform should allow production of cell lines within six to eight weeks of spike gene sequence
availability, compared with six to nine months for traditional production of such cell lines. The NRC technologies, developed with support
from the NRC s Pandemic Response Challenge Program, are expected to enable expedited evaluation of SARS-CoV-2 antigen candidates
in pre-clinical and clinical studies. 

Coronaviruses
are a family of viruses that can lead to upper-respiratory infections in humans. Recent clinical reports also suggest that the SARS-CoV-2
virus can affect other body-systems, including the nervous, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal and renal systems. Among the recent iterations
of coronaviruses to move from animal to human carriers is SARS-CoV-2, which, beginning in Wuhan, China, in late 2019, caused a global
pandemic due to its rapid spread and the relatively high mortality rate (as compared to the seasonal influenza). Pfizer-BioNTech received
approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for their COVID-19 vaccines in August of 2021 and the Moderna
vaccine in January 2022. The Janssen vaccine is currently available in the United States under Emergency Use Authorizations EUA by the FDA. In July 2022, the FDA granted EUA for the Novavax COVID-19 vaccine as well. Current vaccines have reduced the rates of hospitalization
and death due to COVID-19 in vaccinated individuals, but the transmission levels, even in vaccinated individuals, has allowed SARS-CoV-2
variants to continue to circulate. We believe, given the size of the worldwide spread of COVID-19, that even with additional vaccines
available, there will be demand for the highly differentiated NT-CoV2-1 vaccine once development is successfully completed. We intend
to combine the research, patent applications and biological materials covered by our NIAID license with our NRC license and our existing
clinical research and manufacturing capabilities to respond to this ongoing, global, public health issue. We believe our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine
holds the possibility of playing an important role in addressing this issue. 

79 

Coronaviruses,
such as SARS-CoV-2, possess signature protein spikes on their outer capsule. Our NIAID license covers patents and data on a vaccine candidate
that were created based on a stabilized pre-fusion spike trimeric protein. By stabilizing the spike protein in the pre-fusion state,
the number of immunogenic centers is increased thereby allowing for a greater likelihood of successful antibody binding, resulting in
an improved immunogenic response. Spike protein antigens stabilized in the pre-fusion state have been used successfully in the leading
COVID-19 vaccines from Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna, which we believe reduces the risk of using the same approach in our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine
candidate. The genetic code, acquired from the NIH, for the stabilized pre-fusion spike protein was provided to Aragen Bioscience, Inc. Aragen for the purpose of insertion of the spike protein gene sequence into a Chinese Hamster Ovary CHO cell line. Aragen is a leading contract research organization focused on accelerating pre-clinical biologics product development, has
extensive experience building CHO cell lines for recombinant proteins, such as monoclonal antibodies. Aragen successfully inserted the
NIH pre-fusion spike protein gene sequence into a CHO cell line and we are currently producing Phase 1 clinical material based upon this
cell line. 

We
entered into both a material transfer agreement and a non-exclusive research license agreement with Inspirevax Inc. for the use of intranasal
mucosal adjuvants in our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine candidates. Regarding the intranasal mucosal adjuvants of interest, BDX300 and BDX301 are
proteosome-based adjuvants comprised of proteins and lipopolysaccharides with improved attributes including enhanced immune response,
manufacturing efficiency and the benefits of intranasal vaccine administration. More recently, we entered an exclusive global license
agreement with Inspirevax for its BDX301 adjuvant. These agreements allow for collaboration and research regarding the intranasal delivery
of the vaccine during clinical development with the opportunity to enter into a commercial agreement upon regulatory approval of the
intranasal vaccine. In particular, under the exclusive license agreement, we will be forming a joint committee with Inspirevax to oversee
the clinical development efforts collaboratively. The NT-CoV2-1 vaccine containing Inspirevax s intranasal mucosal adjuvant BDX301
has been studied in pre-clinical animal studies, including hamster viral challenge studies and mouse immunogenicity studies. A rabbit
toxicology study has been initiated and is required for regulatory approval prior to the Phase 1 clinical study. 

We
began pre-clinical studies in June of 2021 through our collaboration and material transfer agreement with the NRC. We initiated an immunogenicity
study in mice to evaluate several adjuvant candidates. On August 30, 2021, we announced the successful completion of these mouse immunogenicity
studies that supported further development using either the intramuscular or intranasal routes of administration. A hamster challenge
study was initiated in September of 2021 to assess inhibition of viral replication using adjuvants specific for intramuscular and intranasal
administration. In December of 2021, we announced that both formulations generated robust immune responses and reduced the SARS-CoV-2
viral loads to undetectable levels in the nasal passages and lungs five days following a viral challenge. By contrast, hamsters in the
control groups that had received saline or adjuvants alone had no detectable immune response and substantial viral loads. The vaccines
delivered by intranasal and intramuscular routes generated immune responses as measured by multiple assays. On June 14, 2022, we announced
that the results of these studies were published in Scientific Reports , a Nature journal. 

In
March 2022, following a positive assessment of a rabbit-based pilot study, we initiated a Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) toxicology study
to evaluate the safety profile and immunogenicity of NT-CoV2-1 in rabbits. This important preclinical study is designed to provide data
required to advance our intranasal vaccine candidate into human clinical studies. We announced favorable preliminary results in August
2022 and, as of December 2022, the study has concluded and we completed the full set of toxicology data, which is needed to support the
filing of an Investigational New Drug IND application for NT-CoV2-1. Based on the findings of the final toxicology report,
including a full histopathology evaluation, we were able to confirm a safety and immunogenicity profile that further support our plan
to submit regulatory filings required to progress to a Phase 1 clinical study. 

While
we previously had a Type B Pre-IND Meeting with the FDA on our intramuscular vaccine product candidate, we again met with the FDA in
a Type B Pre-IND Meeting request to discuss our intranasal vaccine product candidate. As a result of this meeting, the FDA indicated
that we could file an IND application for NT-CoV2-1 following the availability of the final GLP toxicology report for inclusion in the
IND. 

80 

We
believe the benefits of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate through its intranasal delivery mechanism to be: 

Targeted
 Mucosal Immunity Conventional injectable vaccines are poor inducers of mucosal immunity,
 whereas intranasal immunization can induce strong mucosal immunity by enhancing the immune
 response at the entry sites of mucosal pathogens. When the SARS-CoV-2 virus enters the nasal
 cavity, the respiratory epithelial layer is the first barrier against viral infection. The
 intranasal route of vaccination provides two additional layers of protection over intramuscular
 shots because (i) it produces immunoglobulin A and resident memory B and T cells in the respiratory
 mucosa that are an effective barrier to infection at those sites, and (ii) cross-reactive
 resident memory B and T cells can respond earlier than other immune cells should a viral
 variant start an infection. 

Needle-Free
 Administration As an obvious benefit, intranasal administration means needle-free
 delivery, resulting in meaningful differentiation for children and needle-phobic populations,
 improved compliance and the potential for self-administration. 

Storage
 Transport The currently available mRNA-based vaccines have been delivered globally
 via stringent storage and transport requirements that strain distribution logistics under
 the best of circumstances. A key benefit of our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine candidate is a significantly
 reduced handling burden, allowing transport at a more manageable refrigeration temperature
 (5 C) that improves access globally including remote and under-vaccinated geographies. 

Durability
 Broad initial success with mRNA vaccines has significantly diminished COVID-19 s impact and death, but the trade-off
 has been fleeting efficacy. By benefitting from the immunological properties of the hybrid NIH/NRC construct, NT-CoV2-1 is potentially
 much more durable and long-lasting than currently available mRNA-based therapies 

Through
assessment of a variety of factors, including our pre-clinical testing to date, the expected benefits noted above, and evolving variants
and available vaccines in use, we determined to focus our development efforts on the intranasal delivery of our vaccine product candidate,
NT-CoV2-1, which we believe is more highly differentiated than the currently available and late-stage COVID-19 vaccines. We are currently
evaluating formulation options and considering regulatory pathways to advance the program. In connection therewith, we are strategically
assessing multiple opportunities inclusive of further regulatory guidance and requirements, and the potential implications thereof. As
a result, we now anticipate being in a position to file an IND application in the United States and/or a Clinical Trial Application in
Canada and to thereafter commence a Phase 1 clinical study with NT-CoV2-1 in the back half of 2023. 

We
expect to use our currently available cash resources to continue to advance the development of NT-CoV2-1 through IND-enabling studies
and commencement of a Phase 1 clinical trial with further clinical development being contingent upon the receipt of additional funding,
including non-dilutive government grant funding which we continue to pursue or partnering or out-licensing opportunities. 

Our
Antibiotic Product Candidate - Oragenics Derived Compound (ODC-x) 

Members
of our scientific team discovered that a certain bacterial strain of Streptococcus mutans, produces Mutacin 1140 (MU1140), a molecule
belonging to the novel class of antibiotics known as lantibiotics. Lantibiotics, such as MU1140, are highly modified peptide antibiotics
made by a small group of Gram-positive bacterial species. Over 60 lantibiotics have been discovered, to date. We believe lantibiotics
are generally recognized by the scientific community to be potent antibiotic agents. 

In
nonclinical testing, MU1140 has shown activity against all Gram-positive bacteria against which it has been tested, including those responsible
for a number of healthcare associated infections, or HAIs. A high percentage of hospital-acquired infections are caused by highly antibiotic-resistant
bacteria such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) or multidrug-resistant Gram-negative bacteria. We believe the need
for novel antibiotics is increasing as a result of the growing resistance of target pathogens to existing FDA approved antibiotics on
the market. 

Lantibiotics
have been difficult to investigate for their clinical usefulness as therapeutic agents in the treatment of infectious diseases due to
a general inability to produce or synthesize sufficient quantities of pure amounts of these molecules. Traditional fermentation methods
can only produce minute amounts of the lantibiotic. 

The
timing of the filing of an IND regarding any future lantibiotic candidate is subject to our having sufficient available human, material
and financing capital, which includes research subjects, both animal and human, given all of our anticipated needs and expected requirements
in connection with our ongoing research and development initiatives. We expect to seek to continue to advance our lantibiotics program
to an IND filing subject to the availability of both human and financial capital. Based upon the current funding, we expect to reduce
our focus on the identification of new potential lantibiotic candidates, efficient and cost-effective improvements in the manufacturing
processes and pre-clinical studies required to support a first in human Phase 1 clinical study until such time as we raise additional
capital. 

81 

In
October 2021, we were awarded a small business innovation research grant in the amount of 250,000 Computer-aided Design for
Improved Lantibiotics , R41GM136034) for the Company s continued research and development of lantibiotics, including its
collaborative program with the Biomolecular Sciences Institute at Florida International University (FIU). The grant provides the Company
with funding to develop novel lantibiotics for the treatment of ESKAPE pathogens (defined as Enterococcus faecium, Staphylococcus
aureus, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Acinetobacter baumannii, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Enterobacter spp. ). 

Product
Candidates. 

Through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, Noachis Terra, we began the research and development stage for our new Terra CoV-2 and NT-CoV2-1 vaccine
product candidates. We hold a non-exclusive, worldwide intellectual property license agreement for certain research, patent applications
and biological materials relating to the use of pre-fusion coronavirus spike proteins for the development and commercialization of a
vaccine against SARS-CoV-2. We also hold a non-exclusive license with the NRC that enables us to pursue the rapid development of next-generation
vaccines against SARS-CoV-2 (the NIH License and its variants (the NRC License and an exclusive global
license with Inspirevax (the Inspirevax License and, together with the NIH License and NRC License, the License
Agreements ). 

Additionally,
we are developing semi-synthetic lantibiotic analogs that may be effective against systemic Gram-positive multidrug infections, and analogs
that may be effective in treating Gram-negative infections. We seek to protect our product candidates through patents and patent applications,
pursuant to the terms of the License Agreements. 

Product/Candidate 
 
 Description 
 
 Application 
 
 Status 
 
 NT-CoV2-1 
 
 Intranasal
 vaccine candidate (plasmid + adjuvant) to provide long lasting immunity against SARS-CoV-2 
 
 Broad,
 community-based vaccine immunity against SARS-CoV-2 
 
 Pre-clinical 

Antibiotics 
 
 Semi-synthetic
 analogs of MU1140: Member of lantibiotic class of antibiotics 
 
 Healthcare-associated
 infections 
 
 Pre-clinical 

Our
Business Development Strategy 

Success
in the biopharmaceutical and product development industry relies on the continuous development of novel product candidates. Most product
candidates do not make it past the clinical development stage, which forces companies to look externally for innovation. Accordingly,
we expect, from time to time, to seek strategic opportunities through various forms of business development, which can include strategic
alliances, licensing deals, joint ventures, collaborations, equity or debt-based investments, dispositions, mergers and acquisitions.
We view these business development activities as a necessary component of our strategies, and we seek to enhance shareholder value by
evaluating business development opportunities both within and complementary to our current business, as well as opportunities that may
be new and separate from the development of our existing product candidates. 

Recent
Developments 

Positive
Lantibiotics Results. On March 14, 2023, we announced favorable findings from third party laboratory testing of several compounds
in our lantibiotics platform to combat multiple pathogens despite the resistance of those pathogens to standard-of-care antibiotics.
Lantibiotics are a novel class of antibiotics with the potential to treat serious, life-threatening infections. Through its platform,
Oragenics has created more than 700 potential lantibiotic structures. Our lantibiotics platform is focused on the development of new
antibiotics effective against certain pathogens including Enterococcus faecium (VRE) and Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) .
 This preclinical testing was conducted through our collaboration with Linnaeus Bioscience Inc. Testing by Linnaeus Bioscience demonstrated
that the MRSA and VRE pathogen strains and clinical isolates remained sensitive to several of our lantibiotic structures analyzed despite
their resistance to so-called drugs of last resort such as oxacillin, methicillin, vancomycin and/or daptomycin. More than 2.8 million
antibiotic-resistant infections occur in the U.S. each year, and more than 35,000 people die as a result. We are focused on addressing
this unmet medical need through our novel lantibiotics platform, and the results of our work with Linnaeus Bioscience advance our long-term
mission to become a provider of effective treatments for infectious diseases. We remain committed to fighting infectious diseases through
the development of our lantibiotics pipeline against MRSA and VRE pathogens. 

82 

New
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer. On March 8, 2023, we announced the appointment of Ms. Janet Huffman as our Chief
Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer. 

Ladenburg
ATM Offering Sales Agreement. On February 24, 2023, we entered into an At the Market Offering Agreement with Ladenburg, Thalmann
 Co., Inc. (the Agent ), pursuant to which we may issue and sell, from time to time, shares of its common stock (the
 Shares ), depending on market demand, with the Agent acting as the sales agent or principal (the Offering ).
Sales of the Shares may be made by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule
415(a)(4) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including, without limitation, sales made directly on or through the NYSE American.
The Agent will use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Shares requested by us to be sold on our behalf, consistent with the
Agent s normal trading and sales practices, under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sales Agreement. We
have no obligation to sell any of the Shares. We may instruct the Agent not to sell the Shares if the sales cannot be effected at or
above the price designated by us from time to time and we may at any time suspend sales pursuant to the Sales Agreement. We intend to
use the net proceeds from the Offering, if any, to continue funding pre-clinical development of our SARS-CoV-2 vaccine, Terra CoV-1 and
our lantibiotics program and for general corporate purposes, including research and development activities, capital expenditures, and
working capital. The precise amount and timing of the application of these proceeds will depend upon a number of factors, such as the
timing and progress of our research and development efforts, our funding requirements and the availability and costs of other funds. 

Global
Commercial License Agreement Inspirevax. On February 23, 2023, we entered into a Commercial License Agreement with Inspirevax,
Inc. for its novel intranasal mucosal adjuvant, BDX301, for the development of NT-CoV2-1, our lead intranasal COVID-19 vaccine candidate.
Under the exclusive licensing agreement, we will pursue the development of NT-CoV2-1 with Inspirevax s novel BDX301 intranasal
mucosal adjuvant. They will also form a Joint Development Committee (JDC) comprising representatives of both companies to oversee the
development efforts collaboratively. We will make clinical, regulatory and commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalty payments.
Additionally, the agreement provides a certain period of time for the companies to expand their collaboration to pursue the development
of additional intranasal vaccine candidates using Inspirevax s adjuvants. 

Reverse
Stock Split. On January 20, 2023, we effectuated a one for sixty reverse stock split of our authorized and issued and outstanding
shares of common stock pursuant to the Florida Business Corporation Act, which our Board of Directors approved in December 2022 to expeditiously
meet the continued listing standards of the NYSE American, LLC and to reduce the risk of being automatically delisted from the NYSE American
due to the trading price of our common stock falling below the price that the NYSE American views as low. 

Restatement .
 On April 4, 2023, the management and the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors concluded that the following financial
statements should be restated and should no longer be relied upon: 

i. 
 The
 Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2022 included in the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 13 2022 (the Q1 2022 10-Q and 

ii. 
 The
 Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 included in the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022 (the Q2 2022 10-Q and 

iii. 
 The
 Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 included in the
 Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022 (the Q3 2022 10-Q ). 

All such amendments were filed with the SEC on April 14, 2023. 

Financial
Overview 

Grant
revenue 

The
Company was awarded a small business innovation research grant during the third quarter of 2021 in the amount of 250,000 Computer-aided
Design for Improved Lantibiotics R41GM136034) for the Company s continued research and development of lantibiotics, including
its collaborative program with the Biomolecular Sciences Institute at FIU. The Company recognizes grant revenue as reimbursable grant
costs are incurred up to the pre-approved award limits within the budget period. The costs associated with these reimbursements are reflected
as a component of research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development consist of expenses incurred in connection with the discovery and development of our product candidates. These expenses
consist primarily of employee-related expenses, which include salaries and benefits and attending science conferences; expenses incurred
under our License Agreements with third parties and under other agreements with contract research organizations, investigative sites
and consultants that conduct our clinical trials and a substantial portion of our nonclinical studies; the cost of acquiring and manufacturing
clinical trial materials; facilities, depreciation and other allocated expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent
and maintenance of facilities and equipment, and depreciation of fixed assets; license fees, for and milestone payments related to, in-licensed
products and technology; stock-based compensation expense; and costs associated with nonclinical activities and regulatory approvals.
We expense research and development costs as incurred. 

83 

Our
research and development expenses can be divided into (i) clinical research and (ii) nonclinical research and development activities.
Clinical research costs consist of clinical trials, manufacturing services and regulatory activities, all of which are largely provided
by third parties. Nonclinical research and development costs consist of our research activities, research activities provided by third
parties, our own nonclinical studies, nonclinical studies provided by third parties, the acquisition of in process research and development,
related personnel costs and laboratory supplies, and other costs such as rent, utilities, depreciation and stock-based compensation and
research expenses we incur associated with the development of our product candidates. While we are currently focused on advancing our
product development programs, our future research and development expenses will depend on the clinical success of our product candidates,
as well as ongoing assessments of each product candidate s commercial potential. In addition, we cannot forecast with any degree
of certainty which product candidates may be subject to future collaborations, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and
to what degree such arrangements would affect our development plans, research expenses and capital requirements. 

Our
research and development expenses were 10,072,684 and 10,586,144 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Our
current product development strategy contemplates an expected increase in our research and development expenses in the future as we continue
the advancement of our product development programs for our vaccine and lantibiotic product candidates, with greater near-term emphasis
on our vaccine product candidate. The lengthy process of completing pre-clinical studies, clinical trials; seeking regulatory approval
for our product candidates; and expanding the potential claims we are able to make, requires expenditure of substantial resources. Any
failure or delay in completing pre-clinical studies, clinical trials, or in obtaining regulatory approvals, could cause a delay in generating
product revenues and cause our research and development expenses to increase and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our operations.
Our current product candidates are not expected to be commercially available until we are able to obtain regulatory approval from the
FDA or the regulatory authority in other jurisdictions where we may seek approval. 

Our
plan is to budget and manage expenditures in research and development such that they are undertaken in a cost-effective manner yet still
advance the research and development efforts. While we have some control under our Lantibiotic program and the License Agreements as
to the planning and timing of our research and development and therefore the timing of when expenditures may be incurred for various
phases of agreed upon projects, actual expenditures can vary from period to period. Subject to available capital, we expect overall research
and development expenses to increase as a result of our vaccine product candidate and to remain relatively constant with respect to our
lantibiotic program. Our research and development projects are currently expected to be taken to the point where they can be licensed
or partnered with larger pharmaceutical companies. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist principally of salaries and related costs for personnel in executive, finance, business development,
marketing, information technology, legal and human resources functions. Other general and administrative expenses include facility costs
not otherwise included in research and development expenses, patent filing, and professional fees for legal, consulting, auditing and
tax services. 

We
anticipate that our general and administrative expenses may remain flat, but be subject to variability for, among others, the following
reasons: 

to
 support our research and development activities, which, subject to available capital, we expect to expand as we continue the development
 of our product candidates; 

the
 efforts we undertake from, time to time, to raise additional capital; and 

the
 increased payroll, and stock-based compensation, expanded infrastructure and consulting, legal, accounting and investor relations
 costs associated with being a public company. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Other
income (expense) includes local business taxes, as well as interest income and expense. Interest income consists of interest earned on
our cash and cash equivalents. The primary objective of our investment policy is capital preservation. Interest expense consists primarily
of interest and costs associated with our indebtedness. 

Income
Taxes 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has federal and state tax net operating loss carryforwards of 150,083,903. Federal and state tax net
operating loss carryforwards generated prior to December 31, 2017 will expire through 2037 and are not subject to taxable income limitations.
Federal tax net operating loss carryforwards generated subsequent to December 31, 2017, do not expire but are subject to taxable income
limitation pursuant to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was enacted on December 22, 2017. State of Pennsylvania tax net operating loss
carryforwards will expire through 2036. The Company also has federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of 4,834,847.
The federal tax credit carryforward will expire beginning in 2021 and continuing through 2042 unless previously utilized. 

84 

Utilization
of net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation
due to ownership change limitations that may have occurred or, could occur in the future in accordance with Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 IRC Section 382 and with Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as well as similar state
provisions. These ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credit carryforwards
that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and taxes, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by
IRC Section 382, results from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of a corporation
by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. The Company has completed several financings since its inception, as well
as the recent acquisition of Noachis Terra, which may result in a change in ownership as defined by IRC Section 382, or could result
in a change in control in the future. In each period since our inception, we have recorded a 100 valuation allowance for the full amount
of our deferred tax asset, as the realization of the deferred tax asset is uncertain. As a result, we have not recorded any federal tax
benefit in our statements of operations. 

On
December 22, 2017, the Jobs Act was enacted, which reforms corporate tax legislation in the United States and related laws. Any change
in the Company s reasonable estimates of the impact of the Jobs Act will be included in the reporting period in which the change
is identified in accordance with SAB Topic 5 EE. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a 100 valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets of approximately 41,166,900 and 37,452,000,
respectively, as our management believes it is uncertain that they will be fully realized. If we determine in the future that we will
be able to realize all or a portion of our net operating loss carryforwards, an adjustment to our net operating loss carryforwards would
increase net income in the period in which we make such a determination. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates and Policies 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States US GAAP ). The preparation of
financial statements in accordance with US GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related
disclosures. There are certain critical estimates that we believe require significant judgment in the preparation of our financial statements.
We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: 

It
 requires us to make an assumption because information was not available at the time or it included matters that were highly uncertain
 at the time, we were making the estimate; and 

Changes
 in the estimate or different estimates that we could have selected may have had a material impact on our financial condition or results
 of operations. 

Stock-Based
Payment Arrangements 

Generally,
all forms of stock-based payments, including stock option grants and warrants are measured at their fair value on the awards grant
date typically using a Black-Scholes Pricing Option Pricing Model. Stock-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services
rendered are recorded at the fair value of the stock-based payment. The expense resulting from stock-based payments are recorded in research
and development expense or general and administrative expense in the statement of operations, depending on the nature of the services
provided. Stock-based payment expense is recorded over the requisite service period in which the grantee provides services to us. To
the extent the stock option grants or warrants do not vest at the grant date they are subject to forfeiture. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

U.S.
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles US GAAP requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of
employee stock options, to be recognized in the financial statements based on their fair values as of the grant date. Stock-based compensation
expense is recorded over the requisite service period in which the grantee provides services to us, to the extent the options do not
vest at the grant date and are subject to forfeiture. For performance-based awards that do not include market-based conditions, we record
share-based compensation expense only when the performance-based milestone is deemed probable of achievement. We utilize both quantitative
and qualitative criteria to judge whether milestones are probable of achievement. For awards with market-based performance conditions,
we recognize the grant-date fair value of the award over the derived service period regardless of whether the underlying performance
condition is met. We account for forfeitures of stock-based awards as a component of compensation expense as the forfeitures occur. 

85 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

There
are no additional accounting pronouncements issued or effective during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 that have had or are
expected to have an impact on our financial statements. 

In
May 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt
 Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and
Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges
of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options. ASU 2021-04 provides guidance as to how entities should account for a modification
of the terms or conditions or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option (i.e., a warrant) that remains equity-classified
after modification or exchange as an exchange of the original instrument for a new instrument. An entity should apply the guidance provided
in ASU 2021-04 prospectively to modifications or exchanges occurring on or after the effective date. We adopted the new standard effective
January 1, 2022, and there was no impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

Income
Taxes 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ASU
2019-12 ), which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions
to the general principles in Topic 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance
is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption
permitted. The Company s adoption of the provisions of ASU No. 2019-12, did not have an impact on its consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

Results
of Operations: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Increase/Decrease 
 Percentage 
 
 Grant revenue 
 131,521 
 86,987 
 44,534 
 51.20 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research,
 and development 
 10,072,684 
 10,586,144 
 (513,461 
 (4.85 
 
 General
 and administrative 
 4,474,465 
 5,271,861 
 (797,396 
 (15.13 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 14,547,149 
 15,858,005 
 (1,310,856 
 (8.27 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (14,415,628 
 (15,771,018 
 1,355,390 
 (8.59 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest
 income 
 135,900 
 75,847 
 60,053 
 79.18 
 
 Interest
 expense 
 (15,103 
 (15,756 
 653 
 -4.14 
 
 Local
 business tax 
 (5,140 
 (1,357 
 (3,783 
 278.78 
 
 Other
 income 
 11,582 
 670 
 10,912 
 1628.66 
 
 Total
 other income (expense), net 
 127,239 
 59,404 
 67,835 
 114.19 
 
 Loss
 from continuing operations before income taxes 
 (14,288,389 
 (15,711,614 
 1,423,225 
 (9.06 
 
 Income
 tax benefit 

0.00 
 
 Net
 loss from continuing operations 
 (14,288,389 
 (15,711,614 
 1,423,225 
 (9.06 

86 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Grant
revenue. We recorded grant revenue of 131,521 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 86,987 for the year ended December
31, 2021; an increase of 44,534, or 100.0 . This increase was attributable to the award of a small business innovation research grant
and periodic drawdowns against the grant. 

Research
and Development. Research and development expenses were 10,072,684 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 10,586,144
for the year ended December 31, 2021; a decrease of 513,461 or 4.85 . 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Lantibiotics
 Expense 

Clinical Research 

Non-clinical research
 and development activities 
 1,343,141 
 1,672,905 

Vaccine
 Development Expense 

Clinical Research 
 2,661,448 

Non-clinical
 research and development activities 
 6,068,095 
 8,913,239 

Total
 Research and Development expense 
 10,072,684 
 10,586,144 

The
decrease was primarily due to the increased research and development costs reflected on the balance sheet as prepaid
expense related to research and development not yet completed. The research and development expenses attributable to the vaccine development
program related to our taking the requisite preclinical steps to be in a position to submit an Initial New Drug Application to the FDA
or other regulatory agency, including conducting toxicology studies in mice, hamsters, and rabbits, enablement of COVID 19 variants,
securing an adjuvant, assay testing, stability and release testing and preparing the elements necessary for manufacturing of our vaccine
product candidate in order to be in a position to move forward with a Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical studies. 

General
and Administrative. General and administrative expenses were 4,474,465 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5,271,861
for the year ended December 31, 2021; a decrease of 797,396, or 15.13 . This decrease was primarily due to decreases in non-employee
stock-based compensation, employee stock-based compensation, board fees, and salary costs of 705,636, 201,812, 149,978, and 122,637,
respectively. These decreases were partially offset by increases in legal costs and bonus costs of 255,667, and 127,000, respectively. 

Other
Income (Expense). Other income (expense) was 127,239 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 59,404 for the year
ended December 31, 2021; an increase of 67,835. The net change was primarily attributable to an increase in interest income and gain
on sale of property and equipment of 60,053 and 10,912, offset by a decrease in local business tax of 3,783. 

87 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Since our inception, we have funded our operations
primarily through the sale of equity securities in our initial public offering, the sale of equity securities and warrants in private
and public offerings, debt financing, warrant exercises and grants. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of (185,562,517)
and we have yet to achieve profitability. We incurred net losses of (14,288,389) and (15,711,614) for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. We expect to incur significant and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future as we seek to advance
our product candidates through nonclinical testing and clinical trials to ultimately obtain regulatory approval and eventual commercialization,
as well as a result of our restatement of the financial statements in our Q1 2022 10-Q, Q2 2022 10-Q, and Q3 2022 10-Q. We will need to
raise additional capital to fund our operations. We anticipate that our cash resources as of December 31, 2022, will be sufficient to
fund our operations as presently structured through the fourth quarter of 2023. There can be no assurance that additional capital will
be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.
Assuming we can raise additional capital, we expect that research and development expenses will increase along with general and administrative
costs, as we grow and operate our business. The following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash for each of the periods
indicated: 

Years
 ended December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used
 in operating activities 
 (15,228,483 
 (13,470,212 
 
 Net cash used by investing
 activities 
 (115,519 
 (43,876 
 
 Net cash
 provided by financing activities 
 (494,916 
 23,140,216 
 
 Net
 decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (15,838,918 
 9,626,128 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our operating cash flows from operations used cash of (15,228,483) and (13,470,212), respectively.
The use of cash in all periods primarily resulted from our net losses adjusted for non-cash items and changes in operating assets and
liabilities. We had working capital surplus of 12,693,239 and 26,262,129 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additional
details of our financing activities for the periods reflected in this report as well as certain information on our outstanding shares
of preferred stock are provided below: 

Financings 

At-the-Market
Program ATM Program 

During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we issued 6,544 shares of common stock under our ATM Program, which generated gross
proceeds of approximately 72,000. We terminated the Sales Agreement with AGP effective December 29, 2022. As a result of the termination,
we will not consummate any further sale of common stock through the ATM Program. We were not subject to any termination penalties related
to the termination of the Sales Agreement. 

On
February 24, 2023, we entered into an At the Market Offering Agreement with Ladenburg, Thalmann Co., Inc. (the Agent ),
pursuant to which we may issue and sell, from time to time, shares of its common stock (the Shares ), depending on market
demand, with the Agent acting as the sales agent or principal (the Offering ). Sales of the Shares may be made by any method
permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, including, without limitation, sales made directly on or through the NYSE American. The Agent will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to sell the Shares requested by us to be sold on our behalf, consistent with the Agent s normal trading and sales practices,
under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sales Agreement. We have no obligation to sell any of the Shares. We may
instruct the Agent not to sell the Shares if the sales cannot be effected at or above the price designated by us from time to time and
we may at any time suspend sales pursuant to the Sales Agreement. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully raise
capital under our new ATM Program. 

Other
Financings 

We
enter into short term financing arrangements for the payment of our annual insurance premiums for our Directors and officers and employment
practices insurance. 

Directors 
and Officers Insurance 

On
August 5, 2022, The Company entered into a short-term note payable for 528,429 bearing interest at 6.24 to finance a portion of the
Directors and officers liability insurance and employment practices liability insurance premiums. Principal and interest
payments on this note began August 24, 2022 and are made evenly based on a straight-line amortization over a 10-month period with the
final payment being due on May 24, 2023. 

88 

On
July 24, 2021, the Company entered into a short-term note payable for 600,169 bearing interest at 5.34 to finance a portion of the
Directors and officers liability insurance and employment practices liability insurance premiums. Principal and interest
payments on this note began August 24, 2021 and were made evenly based on a straight-line amortization over a 10-month period the final
payment was made on May 24, 2022. 

Our
Outstanding Preferred Stock 

During
2017, we issued shares of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock in financing transactions (the Preferred Stock Financings ).
In connection with the Preferred Stock Financings, we filed Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series
A and Series B Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida, effective May 10, 2017 and November 8, 2017, respectively.
On August 26, 2022, holders of 4,000,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and 2,550,000 shares of
the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock converted the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock into an aggregate of 15,167 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 our outstanding Series A and Series B Preferred
Stock and the amount of common stock that may be issued upon conversion is set forth below: 

Preferred
 Stock Series 
 
 Outstanding
 Shares 
 
 Common
 Stock Equivalents 
 
 Series
 A Preferred 
 
 5,417,000 
 
 9,028 
 
 Series
 B Preferred 
 
 4,050,000 
 
 13,500 

In
addition, we issued warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock to the Series A holders, and (ii) shares
of Common Stock to the Series B holders in connection with the Preferred Stock Financing. As of December 31, 2022, there are 11,828 and 11,720 shares of common stock held by our Series A and Series B holders
respectively. 

Except
as otherwise required by law, the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Series
A and Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, we shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding
shares of the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series
A or Series B Preferred Stock or alter or amend the Certificate of Designation, (b) amend its articles of incorporation or other charter
documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock, (c) increase the number
of authorized shares of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock, or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.
Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up by us, whether voluntary or involuntary that is not a Fundamental Transaction (as defined
in the Certificate of Designations), the holders of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets,
the greater of (i) the product of the number of shares of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock then held by such holder, multiplied
by the Original Issue Price; and (ii) the amount that would be payable to such holder in the Liquidation (as defined in the Certificate
of Designations) in respect of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock if all outstanding
shares of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock were converted into Common Stock immediately prior to the Liquidation. The Series A and
Series B Preferred Stock is classified as permanent equity. Each of the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock have redemption rights
to the extent we have funds legally available therefore, at any time after the fifth anniversary of the original issue date of the applicable
Series A and Series B Preferred Stock. We have the right to redeem all or any portion of the outstanding shares of Series A and Series
B Preferred Stock at the original issue price by providing at least seventy-five (75) days written notice of such redemption to all holders
of the then outstanding shares of Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Future
Capital Requirements 

Our
capital requirements for 2023 will depend on numerous factors, including the success of our commercialization efforts and of our research
and development, the resources we devote to develop and support our technologies and our success in pursuing strategic licensing and
funded product development relationships with external partners. Subject to our ability to raise additional capital including through
possible joint ventures and/or partnerships, we expect to incur substantial expenditures to further commercialize or develop our technologies
including continued increases in costs related to research, nonclinical testing and clinical trials, as well as costs associated with
our capital raising efforts and being a public company. We will require substantial funds to conduct research and development and nonclinical
and Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical testing of our licensed, patented technologies and to develop sublicensing relationships for the Phase
2 and 3 clinical testing and manufacture and marketing of any products that are approved for commercial sale. Our plans include seeking
both equity and debt financing, alliances or other partnership agreements with entities interested in our technologies, or other business
transactions that would generate sufficient resources to ensure continuation of our operations and research and development programs. 

89 

Our
current available cash and cash equivalents provide us with limited liquidity. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, can
allow us to fund our operating plan through the end of 2023. We expect to continue to seek additional funding for our operations.
Any such required additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. If we were unable to obtain additional financing,
we may be required to reduce the scope of, delay or eliminate some or all of our planned clinical testing, research and development and
commercialization activities, which could harm our business. The sale of additional equity or debt securities may result in additional
dilution to our shareholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities or preferred stock, these securities
could have rights senior to those of our common stock and could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. We also will require
additional capital beyond our currently forecasted amounts. For example, as we continue to work on the development of our product candidates
and enter into third party agreements in connection therewith, we will require additional capital. 

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of our product candidates, we are
unable to estimate the exact amounts of our working capital requirements. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors,
including, but not limited to: 

conduct
 pre-clinical research for our NT-CoV2-1 vaccine product candidate, file an IND with the FDA and, if approved, engage in Phase 1 clinical
 trials; 

identifying
 and securing clinical sites for the conduct of human trials for our product candidates; 

the
 determination to redeem all or any portion of our outstanding Series C Preferred Stock; 

the
 number and characteristics of the product candidates we pursue; 

the
 scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our product candidates, and conducting nonclinical and clinical
 trials including the research and development expenditures we expect to make in connection with agreements with third parties we
 put in place to advance our research and development efforts; 

the
 timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates; 

our
 ability to maintain current research and development licensing agreements and to establish new strategic partnerships, licensing
 or other arrangements and the financial terms of such agreements; 

our
 ability to achieve our milestones under our ECC agreement and licensing arrangements and the payment obligations we may have; 

the
 costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims, including litigation costs
 and the outcome of such litigation; and 

the
 timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, our products and future products, if any. 

We
have based our estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong. We may need to obtain additional funds sooner or in greater amounts
than we currently anticipate. Potential sources of financing include strategic relationships, public or private sales of our shares or
debt and other sources. We may seek to access the public or private equity markets when conditions are favorable due to our long-term
capital requirements. We do not have any committed sources of financing at this time, and it is uncertain whether additional funding
will be available when we need it on terms that will be acceptable to us, or at all. If we raise funds by selling additional shares of
common stock or other securities convertible into common stock, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted.
If we are not able to obtain financing when needed, we may be unable to carry out our business plan. As a result, we may have to significantly
limit our operations and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially harmed. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

90 

Tax
Loss and Credit Carryforwards 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has federal and state tax net operating loss carryforwards of 150,083,903. Federal and state tax net
operating loss carryforwards generated prior to December 31, 2017 will expire through 2037 and are not subject to taxable income limitations.
Federal tax net operating loss carryforwards generated subsequent to December 31, 2017, do not expire but are subject to taxable income
limitation pursuant to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was enacted on December 22, 2017. State of Pennsylvania tax net operating loss
carryforwards will expire through 2036. The Company also has federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of 4,834,847.
The federal tax credit carryforward will expire beginning in 2021 and continuing through 2042 unless previously utilized. 

Utilization
of net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation
due to ownership change limitations that may have occurred or, could occur in the future in accordance with Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 IRC Section 382 and with Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as well as similar state
provisions. These ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credit carryforwards
that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and taxes, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by
IRC Section 382, results from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of a corporation
by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. The Company has completed several financings since its inception which may
result in a change in ownership as defined by IRC Section 382 or could result in a change in control in the future. 

On
December 22, 2017, the Jobs Act was enacted, which reforms corporate tax legislation in the United States and related laws. Any change
in the Company s reasonable estimates of the impact of the Jobs Act will be included in the reporting period in which the change
is identified in accordance with SAB Topic 5 EE. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a 100 valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets of approximately 41,166,900 and 37,452,000,
respectively, as our management believes it is uncertain that they will be fully realized. If we determine in the future that we will
be able to realize all or a portion of our net operating loss carryforwards, an adjustment to our net operating loss carryforwards would
increase net income in the period in which we make such a determination. 

Inflation 

Inflation
affects the cost of raw materials, goods and services that we use. In recent years, inflation has been modest but has recently increased.
High energy costs and fluctuations in commodity prices can affect the cost of all raw materials and components. Although we cannot precisely
determine the effects of inflation on our business, it is management s belief that the effects on operating results will not be
significant. We do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our results of operations for the periods presented, except
with respect to payroll-related costs and other costs arising from or related to government-imposed regulations. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The
Financial Statements are incorporated herein by reference to pages F-1 to F-20 at the end of this report and the supplementary data is
not applicable. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Not
Applicable. 

91 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Management s
evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities
Exchange Act was performed under the supervision and participation of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
President, and Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of disclosure controls and procedures is to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and President, and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

On
April 4, 2023, the Principal Executive Officer and President, Chief Financial Officer, Audit Committee, and the Company s Board
of Directors, concluded that the following financial statements should be restated and should no longer be relied upon: 

i. 
 The
 Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2022 included in the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 13 2022 (the Q1 2022 10-Q and 

ii. 
 The
 Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 included in the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022 (the Q2 2022 10-Q and 

iii. 
 The
 Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 included in the
 Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022 (the Q3 2022 10-Q ). 

The
following errors impacted such filings: (i) not properly analyzing research and development contracts . 

Management
reviewed the terms and conditions of the research and development contracts and the payments and concluded that during the three-month
period ended March 31, 2022, three- and six-month periods ended June 30, 2022, and the three- and nine- month periods ended September
30, 2022 amounts were paid as part of a prepayment arrangement. Management reviewed Accounting Standards Codification Topic 730 Research
and Development guidance related to recording initial upfront payments to vendors and determined that the unaudited consolidated financial
statements originally reported for the stated periods classified research and development expense on the unaudited consolidated statement
of operations that should be classified as prepaid expense on the Company s unaudited consolidated balance sheet. 

The
Company determined that the reporting effects of the above errors had a material impact to the Company s unaudited consolidated
financial statements of the Company for the Q1 2022 10-Q, Q2 2022 10-Q, and Q3 2022 10-Q. As a result, the Company determined that the
unaudited consolidated financial statements should be restated, and the Company should file an amendment to the Q1 2022 10-Q, Q2 2022
10-Q, and Q3 2022 10-Q with the SEC. All such amendments were filed with the SEC on April 14, 2023. 

As a result, we have concluded
that there is a material weakness related to the review of research and development contracts and determined that our disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were not effective. Under Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
standards, a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a misstatement of our consolidated annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. The existence of this issue could adversely affect us, our reputation or investor perceptions of us.
We will take measures to remediate the underlying cause of the material weakness noted above. As we continue to evaluate and work
to remediate the material weakness, we may determine to take additional measures to address the control deficiencies. 

Although we plan to complete
this remediation process as quickly as possible, we cannot provide any assurance as to when the remediation process will be complete,
and our measures may not prove to be successful in remediating the material weakness. If our remedial measures are insufficient to address
the material weakness, or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting
are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain misstatements and we could be required to restate
our financial results. In addition, if we are unable to successfully remediate the material weakness or if we are unable to produce accurate
consolidated financial statements in the future, our stock price, liquidity and access to the capital markets may be adversely affected
and we may be unable to maintain compliance with applicable stock exchange listing requirements. Further, because of its inherent limitations,
even our remediated and effective internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
our conditions, or that the degree of compliance with our policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

92 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded there were no
other significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, certain employees began working remotely in March 2020. Notwithstanding these changes to the working
environment, we have not identified any material changes in our internal control over financial reporting. We will continue to monitor
and assess the COVID-19 situation to determine any potential impact on the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our Disclosure Controls
and internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented
by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management or board override of the control. 

The
design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification 

Appearing
after the Signatures section of this report there is a Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer.
The Certification is required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Section 302 Certifications). This
Item of this report, which you are currently reading is the information concerning the evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certification
and this information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certification for a more complete understanding of the topics
presented. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
management of Oragenics, Inc is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such
term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

93 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and Directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control
systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention of overriding
controls. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
financial statement preparation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 

Our
management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and President, and the Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
(1992) as updated in May of 2013, (the 2013 COSO Framework ). We integrated the changes prescribed by the 2013 COSO
Framework into our internal controls over financial reporting during the year ending December 31, 2015. We also used SEC guidance on
conducting such assessments. Based on our assessment, we have concluded that there is a material weakness related to the review of research and development contracts and
determined that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were not effective. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only Management s report in this annual report. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISTICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
Applicable 

94 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth the names, ages and titles of the Company s Directors, executive officers, key employees and the position
they each hold with the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Charles
 L. Pope 
 
 71 
 
 Chairman
 and Director 
 
 Robert
 C. Koski 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr.
 Frederick W. Telling, Ph.D. 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr.
 Alan W. Dunton, M.D. 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Kimberly
 M. Murphy 
 
 60 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 
 Janet
 Huffman 
 
 51 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

Directors
of the Company 

Charles
L. Pope. Mr. Pope was elected Chairman on December 16, 2022 and has served as a Director since June 2010. Mr. Pope served as the
Chief Financial Officer of Palm Bancorp, Inc. from June 2009 to June 2012. From September 2007 through June 2009, Mr. Pope served as
the Chief Financial Officer of Aerosonic Inc., a manufacturer of aviation products. Mr. Pope served as the Chief Financial Officer of
Reptron Inc., a manufacturer of electronic products, from March 2005 through June 2007. From March 2002 to March 2005, Mr. Pope served
as Chief Financial Officer of SRI/Surgical Express, Inc. From February 2001 to March 2002, Mr. Pope served as Chief Financial Officer
of Innovaro, Inc. (formerly UTEK Corporation NYSE American: INV) a public company. Mr. Pope served as a Director for Trxade Health, Inc.
(NASDAQ: MEDS). Mr. Pope served as a Director of Innovaro, Inc. from March 2010 to August 2012. Mr. Pope also served as a director of
Inuvo, Inc. from July 2008 through July 2018. Prior to this time, Mr. Pope served as a Partner in the Audit and Financial Advisory Consulting
Divisions of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, and he was also a Partner in the Accounting and SEC Directorate in PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP s
New York City office. Mr. Pope holds a B.S. degree in Economics and Accounting from Auburn University and is a Certified Public Accountant
in Florida. 

Mr.
Pope brings to our Board over three decades of experience in the finance and accounting fields. In addition, Mr. Pope also has experience
serving as a Director of public companies. 

Dr.
Frederick W. Telling. Dr. Telling has served as a Director since June 2010. Dr. Telling served as Chairman of the Board of Directors
from February 4, 2011 through December 16, 2022 and as Executive Chairman from May 2, 2021 through December 16, 2022. Dr. Telling retired
from Pfizer Inc. in June 2007 after 30 years of service. At Pfizer Dr. Telling served as its Corporate Vice President and Vice President
of Corporate Strategic Planning and Policy. Dr. Telling also serves on the boards of various civic and non-profit organizations. Dr.
Telling holds a B.A. degree in History and Economics from Hamilton College and a MA degree in Industrial and Labor Relations and a PhD
in Economics and Public Policy from Cornell University. 

Dr.
Telling brings to our Board an extensive array of business and industry experience as well as experience as a director of public companies. 

Dr.
Alan W. Dunton. Dr. Dunton has served as a Director of Oragenics, Inc. since April 2011. He is the principal owner of Danerius, LLC,
a biotechnology consulting company which he founded in 2006. In addition to Oragenics, he is currently a Director of the public biotechnology
company, Palatin, Inc. (AMEX: PTN), CorMedix (NASDAQ: CRMD) and Recce Pharmaceuticals (ASX: RCE). Dr. Dunton has held significant senior
positions in major pharmaceutical companies. Most recent was from November 2015 through March 2018 as the Senior Vice President of Research,
Development and Regulatory Affairs of Purdue Pharma L.P., a private pharmaceutical company. From January 2007 until March 2009, Dr. Dunton
served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Panacos Pharmaceuticals, Inc. In 2005, Dr. Dunton served as the Non-Executive Chairman
of the Board of Directors of ActivBiotics, Inc., a private biopharmaceutical company. Previously, he was the President and Chief Executive
Officer of Metaphore Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 2003 until 2006, when it merged with ActivBiotics. From 2004 until 2005, Dr. Dunton served
as a member of the Board of Directors of Vicuron Pharmaceuticals until it was acquired by Pfizer, Inc. In 2002, Dr. Dunton served as
President, Chief Operating Officer and a Director of Emisphere Technologies, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. From 1994 to 2001, Dr.
Dunton was a senior executive in various capacities in the Pharmaceuticals Group of Johnson Johnson. From 1999 to 2001, Dr. Dunton
was President and Managing Director of The Janssen Research Foundation, a Johnson Johnson company. From 1998 to 1999, he served
as Group Vice President of Global Clinical Research and Development of Janssen. Prior to joining Janssen, Dr. Dunton was Vice President
of Global Clinical Research and Development at the R.W. Johnson Pharmaceutical Research Institute, also a Johnson Johnson company.
Prior to joining Johnson Johnson, Dr. Dunton held positions in clinical research and development at Syntex Corporation, CIBA-GEIGY
Corporation and Hoffmann La Roche Inc. Dr. Dunton holds a MD degree from New York University School of Medicine, where he completed his
residency in internal medicine. He also was a Fellow in Clinical Pharmacology at the New York Hospital/Cornell University Medical Center. 

95 

Dr.
Dunton brings to our Board a significant depth of experience in the pharmaceutical industry that will be invaluable to the Company as
we continue to develop biotechnology assets. 

Robert
C. Koski. Mr. Koski has served as a Director since June 2009. Mr. Koski has practiced as an attorney with the Koski Firm, a sole
proprietorship located in Atlanta, Georgia since 1992, where his practice includes litigation and tax law. Mr. Koski has also served
as a partner in the Koski Family Limited Partnership, which beneficially owns an interest in the Company, and as a Director of the Koski
Family Foundation since December 1996. Mr. Koski holds a B.A. degree in Philosophy and English from Colgate University, a JD from Emory
School of Law and an LLM degree in Taxation and Litigation from Emory University. 

Mr.
Koski brings to our Board over two decades of experience in the legal field as a practicing attorney. In addition to his legal experience,
Mr. Koski s educational background provides a foundation for leadership and consensus-building. 

Executive
Management 

Kimberly
M. Murphy . Ms. Murphy has served as our Chief Executive Officer and President since June 23, 2022 and as our Chief Financial Officer
from December 15, 2022 through March 8, 2023. She has served as a director since May 2020. Before joining the Company, Ms. Murphy served
as Vice President of the Influenza Franchise and Global Vaccine Commercialization Leader at GlaxoSmithKline plc (NYSE: GSK) GSK ),
where she led the global influenza vaccines business, global pandemic preparedness across vaccines and antivirals, lifecycle management,
business development, and global P L management. Ms. Murphy also served as Vice President and Global Marketing Head for the shingles
vaccine, SHINGRIX. From June 2014 to May 2015, Ms. Murphy was Vice President and Lead for the North America Vaccines Integration Planning
Team, responsible for the integration planning of GSK s acquisition of Novartis AG s vaccine division. From October 2012
to June 2014, Ms. Murphy served as Vice President of U.S. Vaccines Customer Strategy and from March 2011 to October 2012, she served
as the Senior Director of U.S. Influenza Portfolio Strategy. Prior to joining GSK in March 2011, Ms. Murphy worked for Novartis Vaccines
and Diagnostics Inc., a division of Novartis AG (NYSE: NVS), as the head of the U.S. Meningococcal Franchise. Before working for Novartis,
Ms. Murphy enjoyed a distinguished career at Merck Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK). Ms. Murphy has previously served in board and advisory
roles for a privately-held vaccine development company, the Biotechnology Industry Organization s Biodefense Advisory Council,
and the Saint Joseph s University Pharmaceutical Healthcare Marketing MBA Program. Ms. Murphy holds a B.A. degree in English
from Old Dominion University and a M.B.A. degree in Marketing from Saint Joseph s University. Ms. Murphy has also completed the
Marketing Excellence Program at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 

Ms.
Murphy brings a wealth of experience in the commercialization and marketing of development-stage vaccine candidates, particularly those
created by public companies. Ms. Murphy s skill will be vital to the Company s development of a vaccine candidate for SARS-CoV-2. 

Janet
Huffman. Ms. Huffman has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 8, 2023. Most recently, Ms. Huffman served as Chief Financial
Officer for TRxADE HEALTH, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed company focused on health services IT for retail pharmacies. In 2019, Ms. Huffman was
a founding member of Banyan Pediatric Care Centers and served as its Chief Financial Officer. After leading Banyan s merger with
Assisted 4 Living, Inc., an OTC-listed company later renamed Arboreta Healthcare Inc. and a provider of skilled nursing, rehabilitation
and assisted living services, she continued as Chief Financial Officer until February 2022. Prior to Arboreta Healthcare, Ms. Huffman
was the Chief Financial Officer for Signature HomeNow, a home healthcare services company. Earlier in her career, she served as Director
of Finance and Regional Director of Operations for Infinity Homecare and was Vice President of Finance for Family Home Health Services.
Ms. Huffman obtained a Bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of South Florida. 

96 

Board
of Directors and Committees 

Our
property, affairs and business are under the general management of our Board of Directors as provided by the laws of the State of Florida
and our Bylaws. 

The
Board of Directors conducts its business through meetings of the full Board and through committees of the Board. The Board of Directors
has appointed standing Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees of the Board of Directors. 

The
Board periodically reviews the size of the Board and recommends any changes it determines to be appropriate given our needs. Under our
Bylaws, the number of members on the Board may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board. 

Independence
of Directors 

Our
common stock is listed on a national securities exchange, the NYSE American. Accordingly, in determining whether our Directors are independent,
we are required to comply with the rules of the NYSE American. We also expect to continue to comply with securities and other laws and
regulations regarding the independence of Directors, including those adopted under Section 301 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 10A-3
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to the independence of Audit Committee members. The NYSE American listing
standards define an independent director generally as a person, other than an officer of a company, who does not, in the
view of the company s Board of Directors, have a relationship with the company that would interfere with the Director s exercise
of independent judgment. The Board has affirmatively determined that each of the following Directors, constituting a majority of the
Board, is independent within the meaning of the NYSE American listing standards: 

Charles
L. Pope 

 Dr.
Frederick W. Telling 

 Dr.
Alan Dunton 

 Robert
Koski 

Such
independence definition includes a series of objective tests, including that the Director is not an executive officer employee of the
company and has not engaged in various types of business dealings with the company. In addition, as further required by the NYSE American
listing standards, the Board has made a subjective determination as to each independent director that no relationships exist which, in
the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a Director. 

97 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

The
Audit Committee members currently consist of Mr. Charles Pope, Dr. Frederick Telling and Dr. Alan Dunton with Mr. Pope serving as Chairman.
The Board has affirmatively determined that each such person met the independence requirements for audit committee purposes based on
the more stringent independence standards imposed by applicable NYSE American and SEC rules. In addition, the Board of Directors has
determined that Mr. Pope is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation
S-K promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. In March 2004, the Audit Committee adopted a written charter which was
modified on April 24, 2007 and on December 29, 2009. The Company believes that its Audit Committee Charter complies with the requirements
related to Sarbanes-Oxley and a current copy of the Audit Committee Charter is available on our website http://ir.oragenics.com/governance-docs. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics known as the Company Operating Principles, which is applicable to all of our Directors and employees, including
our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer. A copy of the Company Operating Principles can be found on our website
at www.oragenics.com. Any future amendments to, or waivers from, the Company Operating Principles will be posted on our website. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s officers and Directors and any persons who beneficially own
more than ten percent of the Company s Common Stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of such securities with
the Securities and Exchange Commission Officers, Directors and beneficial owners of more than ten percent of the Common Stock are required
by applicable regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on its review of copies
of forms furnished to the Company and written representations from the executive officers and Directors, the Company believes, all persons
subject to the reporting requirements with regard to the Common Stock complied with the applicable filing requirements during 2022. 

98 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

This
section explains the objectives of our named executive officer compensation program, the compensation decisions we made with respect
to compensation for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and the factors we considered in making those decisions, and focuses on
the compensation of officers who are listed below as our named executive officers and Key Employees: 

Kimberly
 Murphy, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer, and 

Dr Martin Handfield, our Senior Vice President of Discovery Research 

Michael
 Sullivan, former Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Sullivan resigned from the Company effective December 14, 2022. 

The
Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for establishing and evaluating our policies governing the compensation
of our executive officers, including our named executive officers. The Compensation Committee reviews and proposes recommendations to
the Board of Directors regarding the compensation to be paid to the Chief Executive Officer. In addition, the Compensation Committee
reviews and approves the compensation to be paid to all other executive officers. The Compensation Committee ensures that the total compensation
paid to our executive officers is fair, reasonable and competitive. The Compensation Committee has, in the past, at times included the
other members of our Board of Directors in its deliberations regarding the salaries of our named executive officers. 

At
our 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, on an advisory basis, a majority of the shareholders who voted on this matter, approved the
compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in our Proxy Statement. The Compensation Committee believes the views of our
shareholders are an important consideration when making decisions regarding our compensation program and will continue to take the views
of our shareholders into consideration when assessing our compensation program and making decisions related to the structure and amount
of pay. 

Business
Highlights 

During
2022, we further developed our immunization product candidate to combat the novel coronavirus pandemic. Our compensation program continues
to reflect the challenges associated with designing a compensation program at the beginning of the year that addresses pre-clinical work
towards the development of a vaccine. Despite such challenges, the Compensation Committee remains committed to a philosophy which strongly
aligns pay with demonstrated performance, and is confident that the decisions made are reflective of this overarching philosophy. 

Compensation
Objective 

Our
named executive compensation programs are designed to achieve the following objectives: 

Attract,
 motivate and reward named executive officers whose knowledge, skills, performance and business relationships are critical to our
 success; 

Align
 the interests of our named executive officers and stockholders by motivating named executive officers to ultimately increase stockholder
 value as well as facilitate retention; 

Motivate
 our named executive officers to manage our business to meet our short term and long-range goals and reward accomplishment of these
 goals; 

Provide
 a competitive compensation package which includes some pay for performance factors. 

Compensation
Determination Process 

We
conduct an annual review of named executive officer compensation, generally in December or January. At the Compensation Committee s
direction, our Chief Executive Officer prepares an executive compensation review for each named executive officer, other than herself,
which may include recommendations for: 

a
 proposed year-end bonus, if any, based on the achievement of individual and/or corporate objectives; 

a
 proposed increase, if any, in base salary and target annual incentive opportunity for the upcoming year; and 

an
 award, if any, of stock options or stock awards for the year under review. 

99 

As
part of the compensation review, our Compensation Committee also considers changes to a named executive officer s employment agreement,
compensation arrangements and benefits, responsibilities or severance arrangements. 

In
accordance with NYSE American requirements, the Compensation Committee also meets in an executive session without the Chief Executive
Officer to consider and make recommendations to our Board of Directors regarding the Chief Executive Officer s compensation, including
base salary, cash bonus and year-end annual stock options. The Compensation Committee also grants year-end stock options to other named
executive officers based on, among other factors, recommendations by our Chief Executive Officer. 

In
conjunction with the year-end annual compensation review, or as soon as practicable after the fiscal year-end, our Chief Executive Officer
recommends to the Compensation Committee the corporate objectives and other criteria to be utilized for purposes of determining cash
bonuses (i) for each named executive officer for the upcoming year (in accordance with that named executive officer s employment
agreement), and (ii) for all other employees as a group. The Compensation Committee in its discretion may revise our Chief Executive
Officer s recommendations or make its own recommendations to our Board of Directors, which may in turn suggest further revisions.
At the end of the year, the Compensation Committee, in consultation with our Chief Executive Officer, reviews performance and determines
the extent to which any established goals were achieved. 

Setting
Compensation for Named Executive Officers - Compensation Committee, Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer or Principal Executive
Officer 

The
Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors has the primary responsibility for determining compensation of our named executive officers.
Our Compensation Committee recommends the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer or Principal Executive Officer and determines all
compensation matters for our named executive officers, including base salary, bonuses, and equity compensation. Our Board of Directors,
after considering the recommendations of the Compensation Committee, makes the final determination with respect to the compensation of
our Chief Executive Officer or Principal Executive Officer. Utilizing input from our Chief Executive Officer or Principal Executive Officer,
the Compensation Committee makes an independent decision on compensation for each other named executive officers, although our Compensation
Committee has, on occasion, submitted its compensation determinations for named executive officers to our full Board of Directors for
its approval. 

Role
of Compensation Consultant 

Our
Compensation Committee is authorized to engage a compensation consultants or other advisors to review our executive officers compensation,
including a benchmarking analysis against the compensation of executive officers at comparable companies, to ensure that our compensation
is market competitive, with the goal of retaining and adequately motivating our senior management. In March 2019 and January of 2020,
our Compensation Committee retained Korn Ferry as a compensation consultant Korn Ferry to assess our current compensation
programs and provide recommendations for continued improved alignment of the programs with our compensation philosophy and goals and
to review and make recommendations regarding our executive and Director compensation for 2019 and 2020. 

Our
Compensation Committee evaluates the performance of its compensation consultant, considers alternative compensation consultants, and
has the final authority to engage and terminate such services. The Compensation Committee assessed the independence of Korn Ferry pursuant
to SEC rules and the applicable listing standards of the NYSE American and concluded that no conflict of interest exists that would prevent
Korn Ferry from serving as an independent consultant to our Compensation Committee. This Korn Ferry assessment has not been formally
updated, nor has the engagement continued as the Compensation Committee believes, based on a variety of factors, including the small
number of employees, that an updated assessment was not warranted. 

Benchmarking
in the Context of Our Other Executive Compensation Principles 

Our
Compensation Committee reviews the compensation of similarly-situated executive officers at companies that we consider to be our peers,
taking into consideration the experience, position and functional role, level of responsibility and uniqueness of applicable skills of
both our executive officers and those of our peers, and the demand and competitiveness for attracting and retaining an individual with
each executive officer s specific expertise and experience. While this analysis is helpful in determining market-competitive compensation
for senior management, it is only one factor in determining our executive officers compensation, and our Compensation Committee
exercises its judgment in determining the nature and extent of its use. 

100 

For
purposes of comparing our executive compensation against the competitive market, our Compensation Committee reviews and considers the
compensation levels and practices of a group of comparable biotechnology companies known to the members of the Compensation Committee.
This information was then used as a reference point for our Compensation Committee to assess our current compensation levels in the course
of its deliberations on forms and amounts of compensation. Given our objective of attracting, retaining, motivating, and rewarding a
highly-skilled team of executive officers and other employees, we aim to deliver a total compensation package that is within a competitive
range around the median as compared to peers, with an emphasis on equity incentive compensation so as to more effectively tie our named
executive officers and employees interests to those of our shareholders. In light of this, when undertaking such analysis, our
Compensation Committee has reviewed data pertaining to the 25th, 50th and 75th percentiles for base salary, total cash compensation (base
salary plus annual bonus) and equity compensation. This competitive analysis is one factor, among others, taken into account by our Compensation
Committee in assessing current compensation levels and recommending changes to compensation or additional awards of equity. Our Compensation
Committee expects to review such compensation data as it believes necessary to make adjustments to its composition, taking into account
changes in both our business and the businesses of the companies in the peer group. Due to the small number of employees and executive
officers we have, among other factors, our Compensation Committee did not undertake an update to the peer group in 2022. 

Our
Compensation Committee believes that, given the competitiveness of our industry and our culture, our base compensation, annual cash bonuses
and equity programs are flexible enough to reward the achievement of clearly defined corporate goals and are sufficient to retain our
existing executive officers and to hire new executive officers with the appropriate qualifications and experience. 

Elements
of Named Executive Compensation 

For
2022, the principal components of compensation for our named executive officers consisted of: 

Annual
 base salary; 

Annual
 bonus incentives; and 

Equity
 Incentive Awards / Option Awards. 

Annual
Base Salary 

We
provide our named executive officers with a base salary to compensate them for services rendered during the year. Generally, the base
salaries reflect the experience, skills, knowledge and responsibilities required of each executive officer, and reflect our executive
officers overall performance and contributions to our business. 

During
its review of base salaries for executives, the Compensation Committee primarily considers: 

the
 negotiated terms of each named executive officer s employment agreement, if any; 

an
 internal review of the named executive officer s compensation, both individually and relative to other named executive officers;
 and 

base
 salaries paid by comparable companies in the biopharmaceutical industry that have a similar business and financial profile. 

Salary
levels are considered annually as part of the company s performance review process. Merit-based increases to salaries are based
on management s assessment of the individual s performance, the recommendations made by the Chief Executive Officer to the
Compensation Committee, and the comparative compensation at peer companies. The factors used in determining increases in base salary
include individual performance, changes in role and/or responsibility and changes in the competitive market environment. The Compensation
Committee periodically reviews the base salary for each executive officer. 

101 

Annual
Incentive Bonuses 

We
provide an opportunity for each of our named executive officers to receive an annual incentive bonus based on the satisfaction of individual
and company objectives established by the Compensation Committee and/or our Board of Directors, or if no objectives are established at
the discretion of the Committee. These incentives are paid in cash. For any given year, these objectives may include individualized goals
or company-wide goals that relate to operational, strategic or financial factors such as progress in developing our product candidates,
achieving certain manufacturing, intellectual property, clinical and regulatory objectives, and raising certain levels of capital. 

2022
Bonus Plan 

The
Company established performance-based bonus targets for its named executive officers in 2022 (the 2022 Bonus Plan ). The
percentages were weighted for purposes of determining bonuses, if any, for the Company s executive officers with respect to 2022
performance. Under such a cash bonus program, Ms. Murphy, Mr. Sullivan, and Dr. Handfield were eligible for cash bonuses of up to 50 ,
35 and 25 of their respective base salaries, or 215,000, 87,500, and 55,800 respectively, (each a Bonus Target ). 

The
bonuses payable to Ms. Murphy were to be based upon the achievement of the following objectives: 

(i)
Up to 50 of the Bonus Target for the vaccine development program s Phase I clinical trial; 

(ii)
Up to 20 of the Bonus Target for the Company s raising of additional capital; 

(iii)
Up to 7.5 of the Bonus Target for lantibiotic research and development planning; 

(iv)
Up to 7.5 of the Bonus Target for the Company s share performance; 

(v)
Up to 7.5 of the Bonus Target for strategic planning initiatives; and 

(vi)
Up to 7.5 of the Bonus Target related to ensuring legal and regulatory compliance across the business. 

The
bonuses payable to Dr. Handfield were to be based upon the achievement of the following objectives: 

(i)
Up to 50 of the Bonus Target for lantibiotic research and development and regulatory filings; 

(ii)
Up to 20 of the Bonus Target for the vaccine development program, including pending toxicology study; 

(iii)
Up to 15 of the Bonus Target for strategic initiatives regarding the Company s antivirals program research and development; and 

(iv)
Up to 15 of the Bonus Target for administrative, management, and regulatory compliance matters. 

The
executive officers actual bonuses for fiscal year 2022 were eligible to exceed 100 of their 2022 Bonus Target percentage in the
event performance exceeds the predetermined goals and/or upon the achievement of other specified goals, including stretch goals. Payment
of bonuses to the Company s executive officers under the 2022 Bonus Program and the actual amount of such bonus, if any, are at
the discretion of the Compensation Committee. 

The
bonuses payable to Mr. Sullivan, our former Chief Financial Officer, were based upon the achievement of the following objectives: (i)
Up to 40 of the Bonus Target for financial performance objectives including the Company s raising of additional capital, budgeting
and financial planning; (ii) Up to 20 of the Bonus Target for strategic planning initiatives; (iii) Up to 20 of the Bonus Target for
the Company s share performance; and (iv) Up to 20 of the Bonus Target for external corporate communications, physical location
management, and personnel development. Mr. Sullivan resigned effective December 14, 2022. A portion of bonuses earned were paid to Mr.
Sullivan in connection with his separation from us as an officer and employee. 

102 

Equity
Incentive Compensation 

We
believe that successful long-term corporate performance is more likely to be achieved with a corporate culture that encourages a long-term
focus by our named executive officers and other employees through the use of equity awards, the value of which depends on our stock performance.
We established our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan to provide all of our employees, including our named executive officers, with incentives
to help align our employees interests with the interests of our stockholders and to enable them to participate in the long-term
appreciation of our stockholder value. Additionally, equity awards provide an important retention tool for all employees, as the awards
generally are subject to vesting over an extended period of time based on continued service with us. 

We
typically grant equity awards in connection with hiring a new employee. In addition, equity awards may also be granted for performance
annually at, or soon after, the end of each year, depending on position, performance and tenure at the Company. 

The
determination of whether to grant stock options, as well as the size of such grants, to our named executive officers involves assessments
by the Compensation Committee and our Board of Directors and, with respect to named executive officers other than herself, our Chief
Executive Officer. Generally, annual equity awards are driven by our desire to retain and motivate our named executive officers, and
we consider individual performance and contributions during the preceding year to the extent the Compensation Committee and our Board
of Directors believe such factors are relevant. As with base salary and cash bonuses, in evaluating and determining stock option grants
to our named executive officers, the Compensation Committee and our Board of Directors also considers publicly available data from other
similar clinical stage companies identified by the Compensation Committee. 

We
currently grant stock options or stock awards to new employees when they join our Company based upon their position with us and their
relevant prior experience. The awards granted by the Compensation Committee generally vest over time during the ten-year option term
(although some previously granted awards vest immediately), or upon the achievement of certain milestones. Unless otherwise agreed to
by us with respect to a termination without cause or for good reason, vesting and exercise rights generally
cease upon termination of employment, except in the case of death (subject to a one-year limitation), disability or retirement. Prior
to the exercise of an option, the holder has no rights as a stockholder with respect to the shares subject to such option, including
voting rights or the right to receive dividends or dividend equivalents. In addition to the initial option grants, our Compensation Committee
may grant additional options to retain our employees and reward, or provide incentive for, the achievement of corporate goals and strong
individual performance. Our Board of Directors has not granted our Chief Executive Officer the discretion to grant options to non-executive
employees upon joining our Company, or to make grants during each annual non-executive employee review cycle. 

It
is our policy to award stock options at an exercise price equal to the closing price on the NYSE American Market of our common stock
on the date of the grant. For purposes of determining the exercise price of stock options, the grant date generally based upon the later
of the first day of employment for newly hired employees, or the date and time on which the Compensation Committee or Board approves
the stock option grant. 

We
have no program, practice or plan to grant stock options, in coordination with the release of material nonpublic information. We also
have not timed the release of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of stock options or other compensation,
and we have no plan to do so. We do, however, have a policy regarding the adjustment or recovery of stock option awards in connection
with the restatement of our financial statements, as our stock option awards have not been tied to the achievement of specific financial
statement goals. 

103 

Other
Compensation 

Other
aspects of compensation applicable to our named executive officers consist of the following: 

Retirement
Benefits. We maintain a Simple Individual Retirement Arrangement plan in which all full-time employees, including our named executive
officers, are eligible to participate. We provide this plan to help its employees save some amount of their cash compensation for retirement
in a tax efficient manner. We do not provide an option for its employees to invest in our stock under the 401k plan. We match 100 of
the employee s contribution up to a maximum of 3 of the employee s compensation. 

Health
and Welfare Benefits. All full-time employees, including our named executive officers, may participate in our health and welfare
benefit programs, including medical, dental and vision care coverage as may be provided and applicable to all employees. 

Perquisites.
 We do not provide perquisites or other personal benefits to our named executive officers other than those that we provide to our
employees. 

Employment
Agreements. During 2022, we had employment agreements in effect with Ms. Kimberly Murphy, Mr. Michael Sullivan, and Dr Handfield. We entered into
employment agreements with these officers to ensure that they would perform their respective roles with us for an extended period of
time. In addition, we also considered the critical nature of each of their positions and our need to retain them when we committed to
these agreements. We had an employment agreement with Mr. Sullivan who resigned as our officer and employee, effective December 14, 2022,
but he continued to be available to us through a consulting arrangement for a limited time and on an hourly rate basis. 

2022
Named Executive Officer Compensation Decisions 

We
believe that the total compensation paid to our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 achieved the overall
objectives of our executive compensation program. In accordance with our overall objectives, we believe executive compensation for 2022
was competitive with other similarly sized companies. The Compensation Committee took the following key compensation actions in 2022: 

Base
Salaries 

During
2022, we made the following changes in annual base salary for named Executive Officers and key employees. 

Name 
 Annual
 Salary 
 For 2022 
 Increase 
 Annual
 Salary 
 For 2023 
 
 Kimberly
 Murphy 
 430,000 
 - 
 430,000 
 
 Dr Martin Handfield 
 223.200 
 - 
 223,200 

Determination
of Cash Bonus-2022 

We
made performance-based cash bonus awards pursuant to the terms of the 2022 Bonus Plan to Ms. Murphy, Mr. Sullivan, and Dr. Handfield
of 22,000, 35,000, and 34,875 respectively, based upon their performance during 2022. These performance-based cash bonus awards
were made in December of 2022. 

Determination
of Equity Awards : 

We
made stock option grants to Ms. Murphy, Mr. Sullivan, and Dr. Handfield, under the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. Ms. Murphy
and Mr. Sullivan received grants to purchase 13,334 and 4,167 shares of Company common stock, respectively, at an exercise price of 17.70
per share, the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date, June 23, 2022. With respect to Ms. Murphy s
award, 2,666 options vested on the grant date, 2,666 options vested on December 23, 2022, 2,666 options will vest on June 23, 2023, on
December 23, 2023, and on June 23, 2024, respectively. With respect to Mr. Sullivan, 4,167 options vested on the grant date. In
addition, Mr. Sullivan, and Dr. Handfield, received grants which are subject to time-based vesting in equal annual installments over
a three-year period on the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of grant, to purchase 3,334 and 1,667 shares of Company
common stock, respectively, at an exercise price of 21.37 per share, the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant
date, July 29, 2022. 

The
stock option awards are subject to the standard terms and conditions of the Company s form of stock option agreement which includes,
as applicable, earlier vesting upon a change in control of the Company. 

104 

Other
Policies and Considerations - Employment Contracts and Change in Control Arrangements 

We
have entered into employment agreements with our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Murphy, our Chief Financial Officer, Ms.
Huffman, and our Senior Vice President of Research and Development, Dr. Martin
Handfield (the Employment Agreements ). 

Employment
Agreements Ms. Murphy, Chief Executive Officer and President 

On
June 23, 2022, Ms. Murphy entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with us under the terms substantially similar to the employment
agreements of existing executives. Under the terms of her Executive Employment Agreement, Ms. Murphy s employment with us became
effective June 23, 2022 and she receives an annual base salary of 430,000 and will be eligible for a Performance Bonus with a target
of 50 of her annual salary based on appropriate Company based and individual based targets in the discretion of the Compensation Committee
as approved by the full Board of Directors. Ms. Murphy will be eligible to participate in the medical insurance and other benefits available
to all employees except her annual vacation will be set at four (4) weeks. 

In
connection with Ms. Murphy s employment, she also was awarded stock options to acquire 13,330 shares of common stock under our
2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), at an exercise price of 17.70 which was our closing price on the grant date. The
options have vested or shall vest as follows: 2,666 options vested on the grant date, 2,666 options vested on December 23, 2022, 2,666
options shall vest on June 23, 2023, 2,666 options shall vest on December 23, 2023, and 2,666 options shall vest on June 23, 2024, in
each case provided Ms. Murphy has remained in continuous employment with us through such dates. 

The
Executive Employment Agreement is terminable at any time by us and upon 30 days notice by Ms. Murphy. Upon separation for any
reason, Ms. Murphy shall receive her base salary accrued through the date of termination, and any vested rights and benefits provided
under our employee benefit plans and programs. In addition, if Ms. Murphy s separation from employment is terminated by us without
Cause, for Good Reason by Ms. Murphy or for non-renewal by us after the end of the Initial Term and Ms. Murphy signs a full general release
then we would be obligated to pay Ms. Murphy six months of her annual base salary as severance plus any earned but unpaid Performance
Bonus. 

If
Ms. Murphy s employment is terminated by us without Cause or by Ms. Murphy for Good Reason during the period of 90 days either
prior to or following a Change in Control and Ms. Murphy signs a full general release then we would be obligated to pay Ms. Murphy six
months of her annual base salary as severance, any earned, accrued but unpaid bonus Performance Bonus and Ms. Murphy s Performance
Bonus for the year of the Change in Control at target level of performance. Additionally, with any such termination Ms. Murphy s
stock options or other stock awards under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan which are not vested shall vest as of her termination date.
Under the Executive Employment Agreement, Change in Control is defined as a transaction or series of transactions which
constitutes a sale of control of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a sale of all or substantially all of
our assets, or a transaction which qualifies as a change in ownership or change in effective control of the
Company or a change in ownership of substantially all of the assets of the Company under the standards set forth in Treasury
Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(5). 

In
the Executive Employment Agreement Ms. Murphy has agreed to duties of non-disclosure of Confidential Information, non-competition and
non-solicitation and our ownership of development provisions. 

Employment
Agreements Ms. Huffman, Chief Financial Officer 

On
March 6, 2023, Ms. Huffman entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with us under the terms substantially similar to the employment
agreements of existing executives. Under the terms of her Executive Employment Agreement, Ms. Huffman s employment with us became
effective March 6, 2023 and she receives an annual base salary of 250,000 and will be eligible for a Performance Bonus with a target
of 35 of her annual salary based on appropriate Company based and individual based targets in the discretion of the Compensation Committee
as approved by the full Board of Directors. Ms. Huffman will be eligible to participate in the medical insurance and other benefits available
to all employees except her annual vacation will be set at four (4) weeks. 

In
connection with Ms. Huffman s employment, she also was awarded stock options to acquire 7,000 shares of common stock under our
2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), at an exercise price of 4.00 which was our closing price on the grant date. The
options shall vest as follows: 1,400 options shall vest on the grant date, 1,400 options shall vest on September 6, 2023, 1,400 options
shall vest on March 6, 2024, 1,400 options shall vest on September 6, 2024, and 1,400 options shall vest on March 6, 2025, in each case
provided Ms. Huffman has remained in continuous employment with us through such dates. 

105 

The
Executive Employment Agreement is terminable at any time by us and upon 60 days notice by Ms. Huffman. Upon separation for any
reason Ms. Huffman shall receive her base salary accrued through the date of termination, and any vested rights and benefits provided
under our employee benefit plans and programs. In addition, if Ms. Huffman s separation from employment is terminated by us without
Cause or for non-renewal by us after the end of the Initial Term and Ms. Huffman signs a full general release then we would be obligated
to pay Ms. Huffman six months of her annual base salary as severance plus any earned but unpaid Performance Bonus. 

If
Ms. Huffman s employment is terminated by us without Cause during the period of 30 days following a Change in Control and Ms. Huffman
signs a full general release then we would be obligated to pay Ms. Huffman six months of her annual base salary as severance, any earned,
accrued but unpaid bonus Performance Bonus and Ms. Huffman s Performance Bonus for the year of the Change in Control at target
level of performance. Additionally, with any such termination Ms. Huffman s stock options or other stock awards under our 2021
Equity Incentive Plan which are not vested shall vest as of her termination date. Under the Executive Employment Agreement, Change
in Control is defined as a transaction or series of transactions which constitutes a sale of control of the Company, a change
in effective control of the Company, or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or a transaction which qualifies as a change
in ownership or change in effective control of the Company or a change in ownership of substantially all
of the assets of the Company under the standards set forth in Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(5). 

In
the Executive Employment Agreement Ms. Huffman has agreed to duties of non-disclosure of Confidential Information, non-competition and
non-solicitation and Company ownership of developments provisions. 

Employment Agreements Dr. Handfield, Senior
Vice President of Discovery Research 

On May 11, 2010, Dr. Handfield entered into an Executive
Employment Agreement with us. Under the terms of his Executive Employment Agreement, Dr. Handfield s employment became effective
May 11, 2010 and he currently receives an annual base salary of 223,200 that is subject to adjustment from time to time as determined
by the Board of Directors. Dr. Handfield will be eligible for a Performance Bonus with a target of 25 of his annual salary based on appropriate
Company based and individual based targets in the discretion of the Compensation Committee as approved by the full Board of Directors.
Dr. Handfield will be eligible to participate in the medical insurance and other benefits available to all employees except his annual
vacation will be set at four (4) weeks. 

The Executive Employment Agreement is terminable at
any time by either party and if Dr. Handfield is involuntarily terminated by us, he shall receive his base salary and vacation pay each
accrued through the date of termination, and any nonforfeitable benefits earned and payable to him under the terms of the employee handbook
(which applies to all employees) and benefits available under any applicable incentive plan in which the executive participates. In addition,
if Dr. Handfield s separation from employment is not voluntary and without cause, we would be obligated to pay him six months of
his annual base salary as severance and Dr. Handfield shall be entitled to out placement services. If Dr. Handfield is terminated for
Cause, he shall be entitled to receive his base salary and accrued vacation due through the date of termination and any nonforfeitable
benefits already earned and payable to Dr. Handfield under the terms of the employee handbook or other applicable incentive plans maintained
by us. Cause is defined in the Executive Employment Agreement as any action that is illegal, immoral, or improper that reflects
on us, Dr. Handfield, or the ability of either to function optimally. If Dr. Handfield voluntarily resigns, he shall be entitled to this
base salary and accrued vacation due through the date of termination (including any mutually agreed upon notice period) and any nonforfeitable
benefits already earned and payable to Dr. Handfield under the terms of the employee handbook or other incentive plans maintained by us. 

If Dr. Handfield dies during the term of employment
with us, his estate shall be paid his salary as it would have accrued over a period of thirty days after the executive officer s
death. We shall also extend Dr. Handfield s right to exercise vested stock options for six months. In the event Dr. Handfield becomes
disabled (as defined in the then applicable short and long-term disability insurance policies) we shall pay to him his salary as it would
have accrued over a period of 30 days after he became so disabled and we shall extend his right to exercise vested stock options for six
months. 

The Executive Employment Agreement also includes non-disclosure
and Company ownership of invention provisions, as well as a provision providing for the Company to defend and indemnify Dr. Handfield
if he is named as a defendant in any lawsuit regarding any action taken within his scope of employment. In the event of a change in control,
any stock options or other awards granted (other than performance awards) under our equity incentive plans shall become immediately vested
in full and, in the case of stock options, exercisable in full. If the change in control results in an involuntary separation from employment
of Dr. Handfield within 180 days following a change in control, Dr. Handfield would be entitled to (i) receive six months of salary and
the extension of his benefits (excluding vacation time and paid time off) and (ii) exercise vested options for six months from the date
of separation. Under the Executive Employment Agreement, involuntary separation of employment means (i) termination without
cause, (ii) any reduction in responsibilities of office altering the status of the executive officer as an employee, or (iii) the duplication
of the executive officer s position by an equivalent executive in an acquiring entity; and change in control is defined
as the sale of the entire company, or substantially all of its assets, or the sale of the business unit employing an individual which
result in the termination of employment or subsequent transfer of the employment relationship to another legal entity, or any single party
acquiring more shares than are owned by the Koski Family Limited Partnership including its members and their immediate families, including
spouses and their children 

The
annual base salaries provided in the Employment Agreements are payable in installments consistent with our normal payroll practices. 

106 

The
Employment Agreements also each include non-disclosure and Company ownership of invention provisions, as well as a provision providing
for us to defend and indemnify the executive if the executive is named as a defendant in any lawsuit regarding any action taken within
the scope of employment. In the event of a change in control, any stock options or other awards granted (other than performance awards)
under our equity incentive plans shall become immediately vested in full and, in the case of stock options, exercisable in full. If the
change in control results in an involuntary separation from employment of the executive officer within 180 days following a change in
control, the executive officer would be entitled to (i) receive six months of salary and the extension of his benefits (excluding vacation
time and paid time off) and (ii) exercise vested options for six months from the date of separation. Under the Employment Agreements,
 involuntary separation of employment means (i) termination without cause, (ii) any reduction in responsibilities of office
altering the status of the executive officer as an employee, or (iii) the duplication of the executive officer s position by an
equivalent executive in an acquiring entity. 

Tax
and Accounting Implications 

Deductibility
of Executive Compensation 

The
Compensation Committee takes into consideration the tax consequences of compensation to the named executive officers, but tax considerations
are not a significant part of our Company s compensation policy. 

Accounting
for Share-Based Compensation 

We
account for share-based compensation in accordance with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 718. This accounting treatment has not significantly
affected our executive compensation decisions. 

Clawbacks 

In
order to further align management s interests with those of shareholders and to support the Company s governance practices,
the Board of Directors adopted a recoupment policy applicable to annual bonuses and other short-term and long-term incentive compensation
based on financial targets Incentive Compensation received by current and former executive officers of the Company and
such other senior executives/employees of the Company who may from time to time be deemed subject to the policy by the Board of Directors Covered Executive ). The policy provides that if, as a result of a restatement of the Company s financial statements
due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, a Covered Executive
received more Incentive Compensation than the Covered Executive would have received absent the incorrect financial statements, the Company
shall recover said excess Incentive Compensation (defined as the excess of (i) the actual amount of Incentive Compensation paid to the
Covered Executive over (ii) the Incentive Compensation that would have been paid based on the restated financial results during the three-year
period preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare such restatement). The policy also provides that if the Board of
Directors makes a determination in its sole discretion that a Covered Executive engaged in Misconduct (as defined below), the Board of
Directors may require reimbursement or forfeiture of all or part of the Incentive Compensation received by the Covered Executive. The
Board of Directors may use its judgment in determining the amount to be recovered. Misconduct is defined as (i) conviction of a felony,
(ii) material breach of any agreement with the Company, (iii) material breach of any Company policy or code, (iv) act of theft, embezzlement
or fraud, (v) misrepresentation or misstatement of financial or performance results, and (vi) any other act or event that the Board of
Directors has determined that recoupment is appropriate. 

Consideration
of Stockholder Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 

The
Compensation Committee also expects to consider the results of our stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation. Our shareholders
have historically voted in favor of the compensation of our named executive officers: approximately 78.7 of the shares represented in
person or by proxy having voted in favor of the program. In light of these results, the Compensation Committee has determined to substantially
continue the executive compensation program. The Board of Directors determined that stockholder advisory votes on executive compensation
will be submitted to our shareholders annually until the next required advisory vote on the frequency of conducting advisory votes on
executive compensation. 

107 

Summary
 Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate compensation in 2022 and 2021 for services in all capacities paid or accrued by the Company
to Ms. Kimberly Murphy, and our next most highly compensated officer who earned more than 100,000 in total salary and bonus during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as well as a former executive officer (the Named Executive Officers ). 

Name
 and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus(1) 
 Stock Awards
 (2) 
 Option Awards
 (2) 
 All
 Other Compensation
 (3) 
 Total 
 
 Kimberly
 Murphy 
 2022 
 224,923 
 22,000 
 
 232,000 
 59,813 
 538,736 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer and President 
 2021 

Dr Martin Handfield 

2022 
 223,200 
 34,875 
 
 35,000 
 6,696 
 299,771 
 
 Senior Vice President Discovery 

 and Research 
 
 2021 
 209,835 
 39,060 
 __ 
 295,600 
 6,295 
 550,790 
 
 Former
 Officer: 

Michael
 O. Sullivan 
 2022 
 250,000 
 35,000 
 
 142,500 
 7,187 
 434,687 
 
 Chief Financial
 Officer 
 2021 
 238,304 
 70,000 
 
 367,000 
 7,124 
 682,428 

(1) 
 For
 Ms. Murphy, Mr. Sullivan, and Dr. Handfield, the amounts in this column for 2022 represent a performance-based cash bonus award made
 pursuant to the terms of the 2022 Bonus Plan which was earned in 2022 and paid in December 2022. 

(2) 
 The amounts in this column
 represent the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards
 Codification, Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation (ASC 718). Ms. Murphy and Mr. Sullivan received grants, under the
 Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, to purchase 13,330 and 4,167 shares of Company common stock, respectively, at an
 exercise price of 17.70 per share, the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date, June 23, 2022. In
 addition, Mr. Sullivan, and Dr Handfield received grants, to purchase 3,334 and 1,667 shares of Company common stock, respectively,
 at an exercise price of 21.37 per share, the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date, July 29, 2022. .
 The stock option awards are subject to the standard terms and conditions of the Company s form of stock option agreement which
 includes, as applicable, earlier vesting upon a change in control of the Company. Under Securities and Exchange Commission rules
 relating to executive compensation disclosure, the amounts shown exclude the impact of estimated forfeitures related to
 service-based vesting conditions. Fair values relating to share grants have been determined under ASC 718 and were calculated using
 the common stock closing price on the date of grant and multiplying that price by the number of shares subject to the share grant.
 The equity-based compensation expense relating to the stock grants is recognized over the requisite service period of the grant. For
 option awards, we utilize the Black-Scholes Pricing Option Pricing Model to determine the fair value on the date of the grant
 multiplied by the number of options subject to the option grants in accordance with ASC 718. The stock-based compensation expense
 relating to the stock option grants is recognized over the requisite service period of the grant and the amounts included in the
 Option Awards column do not reflect compensation actually received by the named executive officers. For information on the
 assumptions used to calculate the fair value of stock option grants, refer to Note 8 - Stock Compensation Plan in our
 financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(3) 
 Amounts
 in this column for Ms. Murphy, Mr. Sullivan, and Dr Handfield represent the Company s matching contributions to our Simple IRA retirement
 plan. The retirement plan requires us to match employee contributions up to the first 3 of compensation earned. 

(4) 
 Ms.
 Murphy commenced her employment with us on June 23, 2022 and her compensation and bonus are for the portion of the year she served
 as our President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to becoming our Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Murphy served as an independent
 director and was compensated in that capacity in accordance with our director compensation program. See Director Compensation 
 below for the amount of compensation Ms. Murphy was paid as an independent director prior to becoming our President and Chief Executive
 Officer. 

The
Compensation Committee believes that our future success depends, in large part, upon our ability to maintain a competitive position in
attracting, retaining and motivating key personnel. The Compensation Committee utilizes the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan to provide incentives
to employees. We do not have any separate long-term incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentives for performance
other than awards contemplated under, or pursuant to, our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 

108 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

The
following table provides information concerning unexercised options outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options
 (#) exercisable 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options
 (#) unexercisable 
 Option exercise price
 ) 
 Option expiration date 
 
 Kim
 Murphy 
 5,332 
 8,000 (2) 
 17.70 
 6/23/2032 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Dr.
 Martin Handfield 
 
 1,667 (1) 
 21.37 
 7/29/2032 
 
 Senior
 Vice President of Discovery Research 
 417 
 833 (1) 
 29.40 
 12/16/2031 

1,222 
 2,444 (1) 
 72.00 
 2/18/2031 

6,111 
 1,222 (1) 
 28.80 
 2/5/2030 

3,667 
 
 43.80 
 9/27/2028 

267 
 
 91.20 
 6/22/2028 

233 
 
 222.00 
 6/27/2027 

250 
 
 792.00 
 3/16/2025 

67 
 
 528.00 
 12/8/2024 
 
 Michael
 O. Sullivan 
 4,167 
 
 17.70 
 3/14/2023 
 
 Former
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2,499 
 
 72.00 
 3/14/2023 

8,330 
 
 28.80 
 3/14/2023 

4,167 
 
 43.80 
 3/14/2023 

300 
 
 91.20 
 3/14/2023 

292 
 
 222.00 
 3/14/2023 

333 
 
 792.00 
 3/14/2023 

67 
 
 528.00 
 3/14/2023 

42 
 
 516.00 
 3/14/2023 

(1) 
 Represents
 awards that are time vested with each award vesting evenly on an annual basis over three years, subject to earlier vesting upon a
 change in control as defined in the award agreements. 

(2) 
 Represents
 awards that are time vested with each award vesting evenly on a semi-annual basis over two years, subject to earlier vesting upon
 a change in control as defined in the award agreements. 

109 

Director
Compensation 

The
Director Compensation program for 2022 consisted of the following: 

Non-employee
Directors 

Cash
Compensation. The Director compensation program for 2022 provided that all non-employee Directors would receive an annual base fee
for service on the Board of 45,000. In addition, the Chairperson of the Board and of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and
Nominating Committee would also receive annual fees of 40,000, 20,000, 15,000 and 10,000 respectively. All non-employee Directors
serving on our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee (other than as the Chairperson) would receive an annual
fee of 10,000, 7,500, and 5,000, respectively, in connection with such committee service. In addition, from time to time, the Board
may establish special committees and in connection therewith determine the cash compensation that would be paid to the Directors serving
on a special committee at the time of the establishment of such committee. All fees for Board service are generally paid on or before
the last business day of each quarter. 

The
Board expects to meet in-person for a minimum of four meetings each year. To the extent the Board meets in excess of six in-person meetings
an additional per meeting fee would also be considered to be paid to each Director by the Board for such additional in-person meeting.
To the extent the Board determines to establish a special committee or a special committee was previously established and continues to
function, the Board would determine the cash compensation payable to each Director serving on any such special committee. 

Our
Compensation Committee and our Board of Directors use market data as one means of evaluating and establishing Board remuneration. From
time to time the Compensation Committee seeks the advice for compensation consultants on matters related to executive compensation, board
remuneration and related governance matters. 

Equity
Compensation-New Director. Equity compensation is issued to Directors upon joining our Board. Non-employee Directors receive a stock
option for the purchase of shares of Company s Common Stock equating to 60,000 with an exercise price set as the Closing price
of the Company s Common Stock on the day immediately prior to the appointment to the Board, which will immediately vest and be
exercisable for ten years, subject to early termination under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. If new Directors join the
Board before July 1 of the calendar year, they would receive 100 of the value; 50 of such total value if they join between July 1 and
October 1; 25 of such total value if they join after October in a calendar year. 

Annual
Equity Compensation Awards . As part of the Director Compensation Program each non-employee director receives equity awards under
the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. In July 2022. the Board considered and made annual equity awards to non-employee Directors of 3,667 stock
options each which were awarded under the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan at an exercise price of 21.00 per share, the closing
price on July 29, 2022. The options vested immediately. 

The
stock option awards are subject to the standard terms and conditions of the Company s form of stock option agreement which includes
earlier vesting upon a change in control of the Company. 

Discretionary
Awards . As part of the Director Compensation Program, the Board may also make discretionary equity-based awards from time to time
under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. A discretionary equity-based award was made in 2022 to Dr. Telling in connection with his service
as executive chairman. 

Minimum
dollar value stock ownership requirements. Each non-employee Director receiving the above equity-based awards will be subject to
a minimum dollar value stock ownership holding requirement with respect to the awards received as well as all prior equity awards under
the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan which requirement is intended to align the ability to sell shares with the performance of the Company s
stock price. The non-employee Directors will each be subject to a minimum dollar value stock ownership requirement equal to six times
the annual Board retainer 270,000) which dollar threshold they would be precluded from selling shares of Company stock acquired from
the Company under its 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Reimbursement
of Expenses. Non-employee Directors are also reimbursed for expenses incurred in connection with their attendance at Board or committee
meetings and reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses associated with their Board service. 

Long-term
Incentive Compensation. The Company did not have a Long-Term Incentive Compensation plan in place performance in 2022 for its Non-Employee
Directors. 

110 

The
following table sets forth the compensation of our non-employee Directors in 2022. 

Director
Compensation Table 

Name 
 Fees
 earned or
 paid in cash
 (1) 
 Stock Awards 
 Option awards
 (2) 
 All
 other compensation
 (3) 
 Total 
 
 Dr.
 Frederick W. Telling 
 150,182 
 
 150,171 
 
 299,695 
 
 Robert
 C. Koski 
 55,000 
 
 77,007 
 
 132,007 
 
 Charles
 L. Pope 
 82,500 
 
 77,007 
 
 159,507 
 
 Dr. Alan
 W. Dunton 
 75,832 
 
 77,007 
 
 170,089 
 
 Kimberly
 W. Murphy 
 37,943 

37,943 

(1) 
 Amounts
 represent cash compensation earned by our Non-employee Directors during 2021 in connection with their Board service including any
 service on committees or service in connection with special committees established by the Board. Amounts for Ms. Murphy were for
 the portion of the year she served as a non-employee independent director. 

(2) 
 The
 amounts in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation (ASC 718). On June 23, 2022 and as part of the
 Company s non-employee Director Compensation Program, Dr. Telling was awarded stock options, under the Company s 2021
 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase 4,167 shares of Company common stock, respectively, at an exercise price of 17.30 per share, the
 closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date, June 23, 2022. The options vested immediately. On July 29, 2022
 and as part of the Company s non-employee Director Compensation Program, each non-employee Director was awarded stock options,
 under the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase 3,667 shares of Company common stock, respectively, at an exercise
 price of 21.37 per share, the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date, July 29, 2022. The options vested
 immediately. As of the end of the year non-employee Directors, Telling, Koski, Pope, and Dunton have aggregate options to acquire,
 19,779, 18,222, 18,222, 18,222 and 18,222, respectively and there are no stock awards outstanding for any non-employee Director. 

(3) 
 No
 other compensation was paid to the non-employee Directors except for reimbursement for travel expenses to Board meetings and other
 Board related meetings. 

Employee
Directors 

The
Director Compensation Program provides that employee Directors receive no additional compensation in connection with their board service.
There was one employee Director in 2022, Ms. Murphy, our President and Chief Executive Officer for portion of the year, and no separate
compensation is paid for her service as a Director after she became an executive officer of the Company. For a summary of Ms. Murphy s
compensation as a named executive officer, see the Summary Compensation Table. 

111 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth information about beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 30, 2023 (unless otherwise noted) by
(i) each shareholder that has indicated in public filings that the shareholder beneficially owns more than five percent of the Common
Stock, (ii) each of the Company s directors and named officers and (iii) all directors and officers as a group. Except as otherwise
noted, each person listed below, either alone or together with members of the person s family sharing the same household, had,
to our knowledge, sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares listed next to the person s name. 

Name
 and address(1) 
 Number
 of shares beneficially owned 
 Percentage
 of ownership
 (2) 
 
 Directors
 and officers 

Dr. Frederick
 W. Telling (3) 
 41,744 
 2.0 
 
 Robert C. Koski (4) 
 48,571 
 2.3 
 
 Charles L. Pope (5) 
 18,702 

Dr. Alan Dunton (6) 
 19,254 

Kimberly Murphy (7) 
 11,563 

Janet Huffman (8) 
 1,400 

(All Directors and officers
 as a group 6 persons) 
 141,234 
 6.6 

5 shareholder 

Joseph Hernandez (9) 
 153,334 
 7.0 

Beneficial
 ownership percentage is less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Except
 as indicated, the address of the person named in the table is c/o Oragenics, Inc., 4902 Eisenhower Blvd., Suite 125, Tampa, Florida
 33634. 
 
 (2) 
 In
 computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of the Common Stock
 subject to options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days after
 March 30, 2023 are deemed outstanding, while the shares are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing percentage ownership
 of any other person. Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table
 have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of the Common Stock held by them. Applicable percentage ownership
 is based on 2,024,657 shares of the Common Stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023 an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes:
 (i) 22,398 shares able to be acquired pursuant to stock options, and (ii) 2,501 shares able to be acquired upon the exercise of warrants. 
 
 (4) 
 The
 share amounts include: (i) 18,367 shares held by the Koski Family Limited Partnership KFLP of which Mr. Koski is
 a general partner; (ii) 5,000 shares able to be acquired by the KFLP upon conversion of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock; (iii)
 4,033 shares able to be acquired by the KFLP upon exercise of warrants; (iv) 2,940 shares owned directly by Mr. Koski; and (v) 18,231
 shares able to be acquired pursuant to stock options. The address of the KFLP is 3525 Turtle Creek Boulevard #19B, Dallas, TX 75219. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes:
 18,231 shares able to be acquired pursuant to stock options. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes:
 (i) 18,231 shares able to be acquired pursuant to stock options and (ii) 334 shares able to be acquired upon the exercise of warrants. 
 
 (7) 
 Represents
 shares able to be acquired upon the exercise of stock options. 
 
 (8) 
 Represents
 shares able to be acquired upon the exercise of stock options. 
 
 (9) 
 Based
 upon information provided by Mr. Hernandez in his Schedule 13D filing with the SEC on January 26, 2021, Mr. Hernandez is the beneficial
 owner of 153,334 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants that became exercisable on May 1, 2021 and are exercisable
 at an exercise price of 75.00 per share. 

112 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan as amended (the
 2021 Plan ): 

Plan
 Category 
 Number
 of 
 Securities
 to be Issued
 Upon Exercise
 of Outstanding Options
 (A) 
 Weighted-
 Average 
 Exercise
 Price of Outstanding Options
 (B) 
 Number
 of Securities Remaining Available
 for Future
 Issuance Under
 Equity Compensation
 Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected
 in Column
 (A)) (C) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by stockholders: 

2021
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 139,091 
 41.49 
 148,456 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by stockholders: (1) 

None 

Total: 
 139,091 
 41.49 
 148,456 

(1) 
 The
 Company s Board of Directors approved a new 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan and it was submitted to
 shareholders for approval in connection with the Company s 2020 annual meeting of shareholders. On February 25, 2022 the shareholders
 approved the 2021 Plan which is the successor to our 2012 Plan. The 2021 Plan provides the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
 that may be issued under the 2021 Plan will not exceed the sum of (i) 166,667 new shares, (ii) the number of shares remaining available
 for the grant of new awards under the 2012 Plan as of immediately prior to the effective date of the 2021 Plan, and (iii) certain
 shares subject to outstanding awards granted under the 2012 Plan that may become available for issuance under the 2021 Plan, as such
 shares become available from time to time. 

113 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

SEC
rules require us to disclose any transaction or currently proposed transaction in which we are a participant and in which any related
person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest involving an amount that exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent
(1 of the average of the Company s total assets as of the end of last two completed fiscal years. A related person is any executive
officer, Director, nominee for Director, or holder of 5 or more of the Company s common stock, or an immediate family member of
any of those persons. 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (or, to the extent applicable, our disinterested Directors) is responsible for reviewing all
transactions between the Company and any officer or Director of the Company or any entity in which an officer of Director has a material
interest. Any such transactions must be on terms no less favorable than those that could be obtained on an arms-length basis from independent
third parties. 

Stock
Purchase Agreement-Acquisition of Noachis Terra Inc. 

On
May 1, 2020, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Mr. Joseph Hernandez, the sole shareholder of Noachis Terra, pursuant to
which we acquired one hundred percent (100 of the total issued and outstanding common stock of Noachis Terra (the Transaction ).
In exchange, Mr. Hernandez, received the following: (i) cash consideration equal to 1,925,000, of which approximately 500,000 was applied
to extinguish Noachis Terra s pre-Transaction liabilities (a portion of which were due to Mr. Hernandez); (ii) 153,334 restricted
shares of our Common Stock; and (iii) warrants to purchase 153,334 shares of our Common Stock, which warrants carry an exercise price
of 75.00 per share, a five-year term, and are currently exercisable. 

In
addition to the above consideration, Mr. Hernandez was entitled to receive contingent consideration based upon the exercise of certain
of our outstanding warrants as follows: (i) twenty percent (20 of the cash proceeds received by the Company upon exercise of the Company s
warrants carrying an exercise price of 45.00 and 54.00; and (ii) forty-five percent (45 of the cash proceeds received by the Company
upon exercise of the Company s warrants carrying an exercise price of 60.00, in each case, for so long as the warrants remain
outstanding. The warrants with an exercise price of 45.00 expired on May 14, 2020 pursuant to their terms. 

Pursuant
to the Stock Purchase Agreement, within thirty (30) days of the Transaction s closing, we filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission a registration statement covering the 153,334 shares of the Company s Common Stock and the warrants to purchase 153,334
shares of the Company s Common Stock, which was filed on May 29, 2020 and declared effective on June 30, 2020. 

114 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
following table provides the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by the Company s principal accountants, Mayer
Hoffman McCann P.C. MHM ), in the categories indicated during each of the past two fiscal years ended December 31: 

Services
 Rendered 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 154,475 
 142,750 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 
 
 7,005 
 
 All Other
 Fees (4) 

154,475 
 149,755 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees . This category includes fees for professional services provided in conjunction with the audit of the Company s financial
 statements and with the audit of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting and the effectiveness
 of internal control over financial reporting, review of the Company s quarterly financial statements, assistance and review
 of documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, consents, and comfort letters and attestation services provided in
 connection with statutory and other regulatory filings and engagements. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related
 Fees . This category includes fees for assurance and related professional services associated with due diligence related to mergers
 and acquisitions, consultation on accounting standards or transactions, internal control reviews and assistance with internal control
 reporting requirements, services related to the audit of employee benefit plans, and other attestation services not required by statute
 or regulation. 

(3) 
 Tax
 Fees . This category includes fees for professional services provided related to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice.

(4) 
 All
 Other Fees . There were no other fees paid to Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. 

Substantially
all MHM s personnel, who work under the control of MHM shareholders, are employees of wholly-owned subsidiaries of CBIZ, Inc.,
which provides personnel and various services to MHM in an alternative practice structure. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

The
Audit Committee approves in advance all audit and non-audit services to be performed by the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm. The Audit Committee considers whether the provision of any proposed non-audit services is consistent with the Securities
and Exchange Commission rules on auditor independence and has pre-approved certain specified audit and non-audit services to be provided
by MHM for up to twelve (12) months from the date of the pre-approval. If there are any additional services to be provided, a request
for pre-approval must be submitted by management to the Audit Committee for its consideration. 

115 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The
 documents filed as part of this report are as follows: 

1. 
 The
 financial statements and accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm are set forth immediately following
 the signature page of this report on pages F-1 through F-20. 

2. 
 All
 financial statement schedules are omitted because they are inapplicable, not required or the information is included elsewhere in
 the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

3. 
 The
 exhibits required to be filed by this report or able to be incorporated by reference are listed in the Exhibit Index 
 following the financial statements. 

(b) 
 Other
 Exhibits 

Exhibits
required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are submitted (or incorporated by reference) and listed in a separate section herein immediately
following the F pages under the heading Exhibit Index and are incorporated herein by reference. No exhibits in addition
to those previously filed or listed in item 15(a) (3) and filed herein. 

(c) 
 Not
 Applicable. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

116 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this amended report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:
April 17, 2023 

ORAGENICS,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Kimberly Murphy 

Kimberly
 Murphy 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
of the undersigned officers and directors of Oragenics, Inc., hereby constitutes and appoints Kimberly Murphy and Janet Huffman, their
true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, for them and in their name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign their name
to any and all amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and other related documents, and to cause the same to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys, full power and authority to do and perform any act and thing necessary and proper
to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present, and the undersigned
for herself hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Kimberly Murphy 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Kimberly
 Murphy 

/s/
 Janet Huffman 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Janet
 Huffman 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Robert. C. Koski 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Robert
 C. Koski 

/s/
 Charles L. Pope 
 
 Chairman
 and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Charles
 L. Pope 

/s/
 Frederick W. Telling 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Frederick
 W. Telling 

/s/
 Alan W. Dunton 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Alan
 W. Dunton 

117 

Oragenics,
Inc. 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Index 

Index
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report
 of Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 

Audited
 Financial Statements 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
 F-20 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Shareholders
of Oragenics, Inc.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oragenics, Inc. Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming Oragenics, Inc. will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1, the Company has incurred recurring operating losses, negative operating cash flows and has an accumulated deficit. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects
on the recoverability and classification of the assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2005 

April
17, 2023 

F- 2 

Oragenics,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Other
 receivables 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities
 and Shareholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Short-term
 notes payable 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred
 stock, par
 value; shares
 authorized; 
 and 
 Series A shares, 
 and 
 Series B shares, - -
 and 
 Series C shares issued and outstanding at
 December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common
 stock, par
 value; shares
 authorized and
 shares
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 shareholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and shareholders equity 

See
accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Oragenics,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Grant revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research
 and development 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest
 income 

Interest
 expense 

Local
 business tax 

Other
 income 

Total
 other income, net 

Loss
 before income taxes 

Income
 tax benefit 

Net
 loss 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per share 

Shares
 used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share 

See
accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Oragenics,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Paid
 In 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balances
 at December 31, 2020 

Compensation
 expense relating to option issuances 

Series
 C dividend 

Series
 C Redemption 

ATM Offering-net
 of expenses 

Issuance
 of common stock from warrant exercise 

Issuance
 of common stock from option exercise 

Net
 loss 

Balances at December
 31, 2021 

Balance 

Compensation
 expense relating to option issuances 

Conversion
 of Series A preferred stock to common stock 

Conversion
 of Series B preferred stock to common stock 

Proceeds
 from issuance for common stock 

Net
 loss 

Balances at December
 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Oragenics,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows
 from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Gain on
 sale of property and equipment 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other
 receivables 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash (used) in operating
 activities 

Cash flows
 from investing activities: 

Proceeds
 from sale of property and equipment 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Net cash (used) in investing
 activities 

Cash flows
 from financing activities: 

Payments
 on short-term notes payable 

Redemption
 of Series C Preferred stock 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock for stock option exercise 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock for warrant exercise 

Net
 proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Net
 cash (used) provided by financing activities 

Net increase
 (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of the year 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest
 paid 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities: 

Borrowings
 under short term notes payable for prepaid expense 

Value
 of Series A preferred stock converted into common stock 

Value
 of Series B preferred stock converted into common stock 

Par
 value of common stock issued in connection with Series A Preferred Stock Conversion 

Par
 value of common stock issued in connection with Series B Preferred Stock Conversion 

Stock
 dividend on Series C preferred stock 

See
accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Oragenics,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

 and used cash of 
 in its operating activities during the year ended
December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of and cash flows from operations were negative throughout 2022. 

Historically,
the Company s major sources of cash have been comprised of proceeds from various public and private offerings of its common stock,
preferred stock, warrant exercises, income earned on grants and interest income. From 2012 through 2021, the Company raised approximately
 million
in gross proceeds 
 million in fiscal year 2021) from various public and private
offerings of its common stock. The Company expects to incur substantial expenditures to further develop each of its technologies. The
Company believes the working capital at December 31, 2022, will be sufficient to meet the business objectives through the fourth quarter
of 2023. 

These matters, when considered in the aggregate raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is defined as within one year
after the date that our consolidated financial statements are issued. 

The
Company s ability to continue operations after its current cash resources are exhausted depends on its ability to obtain additional
financing or achieve profitable operations, as to which no assurances can be given. Cash requirements may vary materially from those
now planned because of changes in the Company s focus and direction of its research and development programs, competitive and technical
advances, or other developments. Additional financing will be required to continue operations after the Company exhausts its current
cash resources and to continue its long-term plans for clinical trials and new product development. There can be no assurance that any
such financing can be realized by the Company, or if realized, what the terms thereof may be, or that any amount that the Company is
able to raise will be adequate to support the Company s working capital requirements until it achieves profitable operations. 

The
Company intends to seek additional funding through sublicensing arrangements, joint venturing or partnering, sales of rights to technology,
government grants and public or private financings and may receive funding through the exercise of outstanding warrants. The Company s
future success depends on its ability to raise capital and ultimately generate revenue and attain profitability. The Company cannot be
certain that additional capital, whether through selling additional debt or equity securities or obtaining a line of credit or other
loan, will be available to it or, if available, will be on terms acceptable to the Company. If the Company issues additional securities
to raise funds, these securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of its common stock, and the Company s
current shareholders may experience dilution. If the Company is unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, the Company
may be required to curtail its current development programs, cut operating costs and forego future development and other opportunities. 

of being sustained. Additionally,
US GAAP provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting for interim periods, disclosure and transition. 

.
As of December 31, 2021, the uninsured portion of this balance was . 

Computer-aided Design for Improved Lantibiotics 
R41GM136034. The Company recognizes grant revenue as reimbursable grant costs are incurred up to the pre-approved award limits within
the budget period. The costs associated with these reimbursements are reflected as a component of research and development expenses in
the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Laboratory equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Office
 and computer equipment 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated
 depreciation and amortization 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Depreciation
and amortization expense for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
 and 
 respectively. 

Accrued Expense 
 
 - 
 
 Professional fees 

Vacation 

Consulting
 fees 

Total
 accounts payable and accrued expenses 

and 
 due in monthly installments of 
 and 
 including principal and interest at 
 and 
 through and , respectively 

Directors 
 and officers liability 

The
Company also maintains a product liability insurance policy which has been renewed in subsequent periods without premium financing. 

and ,
respectively. The balance at December 31, 2022 reflects approximately 
 million paid to third-party vendors for research
and development to be completed, million
in prepaid insurance and deposits of approximately 
 million. 

Deposits 

Total 

The
Company s common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis on January 23, 2023. 

Acquisition
of Noachis Terra 

On
May 1, 2020, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock as partial consideration
for its acquisition of NIT. 

Shares
issued under At-The-Market ATM program 

During
the three-months ended March 31, 2021, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock under its ATM Program
which generated gross proceeds of approximately 
 million, The Company intends to use the net proceeds
of the offering primarily to continue funding its pre-clinical development of its SARS-CoV-2 vaccine candidate, NT-CoV2-1, and its lantibiotics
program and for general corporate purposes, including research and development activities, capital expenditures and working capital. 

Between
January 1, 2022 and September 30, 2022 the Company did not issue any shares of common stock under its ATM program. During the three-months
ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock under its ATM Program
which generated gross proceeds of approximately ,
The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the offering primarily to continue funding its pre-clinical development of its SARS-CoV-2
vaccine candidates, Terra CoV-2 and NT-CoV2-1, and its lantibiotics program and for general corporate purposes, including research and
development activities, capital expenditures and working capital. 

On
December 19, 2022, the Company sent written notice of termination to A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners AGP ), pursuant to
the terms of the Company s Sales Agreement with AGP in connection with the Company s ATM Program. The termination took effect
on December 29, 2022. As a result of the termination, the Company will not consummate any further sale of its common stock through the
AGP Sales Agreement. 

Other
Share Issuances . 

During
the three-months ended March 31, 2021, the Company issued approximately 
 shares of common stock as the result of the exercise
of certain outstanding warrants which generated gross proceeds of approximately 
 million. 

During
the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock in connection with the
exercise of stock options which generated gross proceeds of . 

Preferred
Stock 

Issuance
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Financing 

On
May 10, 2017, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with accredited investors, to purchase up to 
 of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the
 Series A Preferred Stock Financing ). The sale of the Preferred Stock took place in two separate closings and at the first
closing which occurred on May 10, 2017, we received gross proceeds of approximately .
The second closing occurred on July 25, 2017 and we received gross proceeds of approximately ,
which was the balance of the Preferred Stock Financing. 
 of
Preferred Stock, and after giving effect to the reverse stock splits and the previous conversions of 
 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock into 
 shares
of the Company s common stock, is convertible into 9,029 shares of our common stock, based on a fixed conversion price of 150.00
per share on an as-converted basis. In addition, and
after giving effect to the reverse stock split, we issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of approximately 
 shares of common stock at the first closing and
we issued an aggregate of approximately 
 shares of common stock at the second closing.
 Proceeds from the Series
A Preferred Stock Financing (including the exercise of any warrants for cash) will be used for general corporate purposes, including
working capital. 

On
July 27, 2017, we entered into an agreement to amend the warrants issued in connection with the Series A Preferred Stock Financing to
provide notification and objection requirements with respect to the change of control provisions. The change of control provisions in
the warrants had previously caused the warrants to be treated as a derivative liability as opposed to being treated as equity on our
balance sheet. The warrants have been replaced by amended and restated warrants containing such notification and objection requirements
(the Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrants so that the Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrants
are now treated as equity on our balance sheet. All other terms of the original warrants remain unchanged by the Amended and Restated
Common Stock Purchase Warrants. 

In
connection with the Series A Preferred Financing, we filed a Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series
A Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida, to be effective May 10, 2017. The number of shares of Preferred
Stock designated as Series A Preferred Stock is . 

In
connection with the issuance and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock and warrants, we granted certain demand registration rights and
piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock and exercise
of the Warrants, pursuant to a Registration Rights Agreement. 

Except
as otherwise required by law, the Series A Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Series A Preferred
Stock are outstanding, we shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the
Series A Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series A Preferred Stock or alter
or amend the Certificate of Designation, (b) amend its articles of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely
affects any rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock,
or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up by us, whether
voluntary or involuntary that is not a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Certificate of Designation), the holders of Series
A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, the greater of (i) the product of the number of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock then held by such holder, multiplied by the Original Issue Price; and (ii) the amount that would be payable to such holder
in the Liquidation in respect of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock if all outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into Common Stock immediately prior to the Liquidation. The Series A Preferred Stock
is classified as permanent equity. 

The
Series B Non-Voting, Convertible Preferred Stock Financing 

On
November 8, 2017, we completed a private placement of 
 of Series B Non-Voting, Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement with existing shareholders who are accredited investors
including an entity affiliated with a director of the Company (the Series B Preferred Stock Financing ). 

of
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, and after giving effect to the reverse stock splits and the previous conversion of 
 shares
of Series B Preferred Stock into 
 shares
of the Company s common stock, is convertible into 
 shares
of our common stock, based on a conversion of one share of Series B Preferred Stock into two shares of Common Stock. The purchase price
per share of the Series B Preferred Stock is represented by 150.00 per share of the Common Stock on an as converted basis. In
addition, and after giving effect to the reverse stock split, we issued to the investors in the private placement accompanying common
stock purchase warrants to purchase an aggregate of approximately 
 shares of Common Stock. The warrants have a term
of from the date of issuance, and are non-exercisable
until six (6) months after issuance, and after giving effect to the reverse stock split, have an exercise price of 
 per share. 

In
connection with the Series B Preferred Financing, we filed a Certificate of Designation and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida, to be effective November 8, 2017. The number of shares of Preferred Stock
designated as Series B Preferred Stock is . 

Except
as otherwise required by law, the Series B Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Series B Preferred
Stock are outstanding, we shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the
Series B Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series B Preferred Stock or alter
or amend the Certificate of Designation, (b) amend its articles of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely
affects any rights of the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock,
or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

The
Series B Preferred Stock shall rank (i) on par with the Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock and junior to Series C Preferred Stock
as to dividend rights and (ii) junior to Series C Preferred Stock, on par with Series A Preferred Stock and senior to the Common Stock
as to distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up by us, whether voluntary or involuntary. 

Upon
any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up by us, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be
entitled to receive out of the assets, after payment to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock but on par with the holders of Series
A Preferred Stock and in preference to the holders of the Common Stock, an amount of cash equal to the greater of (i) the product of
the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock then held by such holder, multiplied by the Original Issue Price; and (ii) the amount
that would be payable to such holder in the Liquidation in respect of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Series
B Preferred Stock if all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock were converted into Common Stock immediately prior to the Liquidation.
The Series B Preferred Stock is classified as permanent equity. 

The
Series C Non-Voting, Non- Convertible Preferred Stock and Redemption 

During
the three-months ended March 31, 2021, the Company provided a notice of redemption, to the holder of the Company s Series C Preferred
Stock to redeem all outstanding Series C Preferred Stock (which included the dividend of 
 shares paid on January 28, 2021 and any accrued
dividends due through the redemption date of March 13, 2021). The Series C Preferred Stock redemption amount of approximately 
 million was paid on March 15, 2021 and all outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock were cancelled. 

Warrants 

All
outstanding warrants are classified as equity on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

new
shares, (ii) the number of shares remaining available for the grant of new awards under the 2012 Incentive Plan as of immediately
prior to the effective date of the 2021 Incentive Plan, and (iii) certain shares subject to outstanding awards granted under the
2012 Incentive Plan that may become available for issuance under the 2021 Incentive Plan, as such shares become available from time
to time. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of shares
of common stock are covered by outstanding option awards and shares
of common stock are available for future awards under the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

The
purpose of the 2021 Incentive Plan is to advance the interests of the Company by affording certain employees and Directors of the Company
and key consultants and advisors an opportunity to acquire or increase their proprietary interests in the Company. The 2021 Incentive
Plan authorizes the grant of stock options (incentive and non-statutory), stock appreciation rights and restricted stock. Options are
granted at the fair market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant. Options can generally vest either immediately or
over a period of up to from their respective grant dates and expire
 
 years from the date of grant. As of December
31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had not awarded any stock appreciation rights under the 2021 Incentive Plan. 

Recipients
of stock awards under our 2021 Incentive Plan become the owner of record of the stock immediately upon grant, which may be subject to
certain restrictions. The balance of unvested restricted stock will be forfeited and automatically transferred back to us at no cost
upon the termination of the recipient s employment. Upon vesting of restricted stock that is made to recipients who are employees,
the recipient has the option to settle minimum withholding taxes by electing to have us withhold otherwise deliverable shares having
a fair market value equal to the required tax obligations net-settlement ). The net-settlement shares are then immediately
cancelled and retired and reduce the shares available for issuance under the Company s 2021 Incentive Plan. 

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes Pricing Option Pricing Model to estimate the fair value of stock-based awards on the date of grant. The
assumptions employed in the calculation of the fair value of share-based compensation expense were calculated as follows for all years
presented: 

Expected
 dividend yield based on the Company s historical dividend yield. 

Expected
 volatility based on the Company s historical market price at consistent points in a period equal to the expected life
 of the options. 

Risk-free
 interest rate based on the US Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

Expected
 life of options based on the Company s historical life of options exercised, giving consideration to the contractual
 terms of the grants, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee behavior. 

Weighted-average
 expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted-average
 risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected
 life of options 
 
 years 
 
 years 

Total
compensation cost related to stock options was 
 and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was 
 of unrecognized compensation costs related to
stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of less than . 

Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December
 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

Intrinsic value of stock options
 exercised 

Grant date fair value of stock
 options that vested 

years from the first commercial sale where no licensed patent rights exist or have ceased to exist or (b) the expiration of the last
patent contained in the licensed patent rights, unless terminated earlier. None of the applications included in the NIH licensed patent
rights have issued yet. The NIH may terminate or modify the license in the event of a material breach, including if the Company does
not meet certain milestones by certain dates, or upon certain insolvency events that remain uncured following the date that is 90 days
following written notice of such breach or insolvency event. The Company may terminate the license, or any portion thereof, at its sole
discretion at any time upon 60 days written notice to the NIH. 

NRC
License 

On
July 26, 2021, the Company entered into a non-exclusive Technology License Agreement (the License Agreement with the National
Research Council of Canada NRC pursuant to which the NRC grants to the Company a license to use NRC s inventions,
patents, trade secrets, know-how, copyright, biological material, designs, and/or technical information created by or on behalf of the
NRC (the NRC Technologies relating to the derivatives of CHO 2353 TM Cell Line listed in the License Agreement
(the Stable Cells to: (i) make, research, and develop SARS-CoV-2 spike protein manufactured by a Stable Cell (the Drug
Substance within Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the European Union and the United States (U.S.) (collectively
the Territory (ii) file regulatory approval, export and sell the final formulation of the Drug Substance Products and (iii) engage contractors to use the Stable Cells to make Drug Substance or Products on behalf of the Company to be used and sold,
worldwide, by the Company. The License Agreement was subsequently amended to include the Delta and Omicron variants. In addition, the
Company subsequently amended the License Agreement to broaden the non-exclusive field of use to include all diseases caused by coronaviruses
and any genetic variants thereof. 

As
consideration for the grant of the license, the Company will pay to the NRC an annual (low five digits) license fee, with the initial
portion of the fee covering the first three years of the license. Additionally, we will pay certain milestone payments (a) upon transfer
of each Stable Cell listed in the Agreement and (b) with regard to each of the first three Products, (i) upon submission of the Investigational
New Drug application (IND) related thereto, (ii) upon dosing the first patient in a Phase 1 or Phase 2 clinical trial, (iii) upon dosing
the first patient in a Phase 3 clinical trial and (iv) upon first regulatory approval. Milestone payments range from the low five digits
to high six digits. In addition, Oragenics will pay a low single-digit royalty to the NRC for the sale of Products, based on sales revenue,
commencing after the first commercial sale. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, the NRC is required to bear the responsibility and pay the costs to obtain and maintain patents related to
the NRC Technologies in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, European Union, Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Australia, China, and India, and the
NRC shall use reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain those patents. Additional countries may be requested by us, in which event, the
NRC will file and maintain such patents, at our expense. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, we are required to indemnify and hold the NRC and its employees and agents harmless from and against all liability
and damages in connection with or arising out of all claims, demands, losses, damages, costs including solicitor and client costs, actions,
suits or proceedings brought by any third party that are in any manner based upon, arising out of, related to, occasioned by, or attributable
to the manufacturing, distribution, shipment, offering for sale, sale, or use of Products, services based on the NRC Technologies and
product liability and infringement of intellectual property rights other than copyright, if any, licensed under the License Agreement. 

Unless
terminated earlier, the License Agreement will terminate twenty (20) years from the effective date of the License Agreement. Either party
may terminate the License Agreement, by giving written notice to the other party, if the other party defaults or is in breach of the
License Agreement, provided that if the defaulting party cures the breach within 60 days after the notice is given, the License Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect. The NRC may terminate the License Agreement if the Company becomes bankrupt, or insolvent, or
has a receiver appointed to continue its operations, or passes a resolution for winding up. The License Agreement contains customary
confidentiality obligations. 

of all employee compensation to the plan. Total matching contributions made by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 were 
 and 
 respectively. 

Valuation
 Allowance 

Total
 provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Accrued
 vacation 

Non-qualified
 stock compensation 

Research
 Development 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets,
 net 
 , 166,891 

Less
 valuation allowance 

Total
 net deferred taxes 
 - 
 - 

and ,
 respectively 

State income tax benefits,
 net of federal expense/benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 
 , 714,988 

Non-deductible expenses 

Other 

Total 
 - 
 - 

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the levels
of historical taxable income and projections of future taxable income over which the deferred tax assets are deductible, the Company
believes that it is more likely than not that it will not be able to realize the benefits of some of these deductible differences. 

Accordingly,
a valuation allowance of 
 and 
 has been provided in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 2022 net change in valuation allowance related to deferred tax
assets was an increase of 
 primarily relating to net operating loss carryforwards.
The 2021 net change in valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets was an increase of 
 primarily relating to net operating loss carryforwards
and a change in the effective tax rate. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has federal and state tax net operating loss carryforwards of .
Federal and state tax net operating loss carryforwards generated prior to December 31, 2017 will expire through 2037 and are not subject
to taxable income limitations. Federal tax net operating loss carryforwards generated subsequent to December 31, 2017, do not expire
but are subject to taxable income limitation pursuant to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was enacted on December 22, 2017. State of Pennsylvania
tax net operating loss carryforwards will expire through 2036. The Company also has federal research and development tax credit carryforwards
of .
The federal tax credit carryforward will expire beginning in 2021 and continuing through 2042 unless previously utilized. 

Utilization
of net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation
due to ownership change limitations that may have occurred or, could occur in the future in accordance with Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 IRC Section 382 and with Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as well as similar state
provisions. These ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credit carryforwards
that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and taxes, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by
IRC Section 382, results from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of a corporation
by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. The Company has completed several financings since its inception which may
result in a change in ownership as defined by IRC Section 382, or could result in a change in control in the future. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred 
 and ,
respectively, of additional unrecognized tax benefits that related to research and development credits. The entire amount of this unrecognized
tax benefit, if recognized, would result in an increase to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, and would not have an impact on
the effective tax rate. 

The
Company files its income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in Florida and Pennsylvania. With few exceptions, the Company
is no longer subject to federal or state income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2015. 

Additions
 based on tax positions related to the current year 

Additions
 for return-to-provision true-up 
 ) 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Additions
 based on tax positions related to the current year 

Reductions
 for the tax positions of prior years 

Expired Tax Credits due to -year life 

Balance as of December
 31, 2022 

Included
in the balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are 
 and ,
respectively, of tax positions for which there is uncertainty about the validity of certain credits. The disallowance of the credits
would impact the amount of gross deferred tax assets reflected in the accompanying footnotes. 

During
the years 2022 and 2021 the Company did not recognize any interest and penalties. Due to the potential offset of the Company s
operating loss carryforward for any future activity, the amount attributed to interest and penalties would be immaterial. 

 of the cash proceeds received by the Company upon exercise of the Company s warrants carrying an exercise price of 
 and 
 and (ii) forty-five percent of the cash proceeds received by the Company upon exercise of the Company s warrants carrying an exercise price of ,
in each case, for so long as the warrants remain outstanding. 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2021, approximately 
 warrants were exercised as follows: (i) approximately
 
 shares at an exercise price of 
 per share and (ii) approximately 
 at an exercise price of 
 per share. See Note 7. Shareholders Equity. 

As
a result of the warrant exercises in 2021, the Company paid 
 of additional consideration to the sole former
shareholder of NTI. The additional consideration payment is included in research and development expenses. 

NIH
License 

Through
NTI, the Company is a party to a Patent License and Biological Materials License Agreement (the License Agreement or NIH
License ), dated March 23, 2020, with the United States Department of Health and Human Services (the HHS ), as represented
by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases NIAID ), an Institute within the National Institutes of Health NIH ). Under the terms of the License Agreement, we hold a nonexclusive, worldwide license to certain specified patent
rights (including patent applications, provisional patent applications and Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT patent applications)
and biological materials relating to the use of pre-fusion coronavirus spike proteins to exploit products Licensed Products and practice processes Licensed Processes that are covered by the licensed patent rights and biological materials for
the purpose of developing and commercializing a vaccine product candidate for SARS-CoV-2. 

Under
the terms of the NIH License Agreement, the NIAID is entitled to receive a non-creditable, nonrefundable upfront license issue royalty
of 
 and reimbursement of 
 for our pro rata share of the NIAID s past
and future patent prosecution-related expenses (which amounts have already been paid). Additionally, the NIAID is entitled to receive
lump sum nonrefundable minimum annual royalties, which increase in the year after the first commercial sale of any Licensed Products
or the practice of any Licensed Processes, as well as lump sum benchmark royalties following our completion of certain commercial development
and sales-related benchmarks. The NIH is entitled to receive earned royalties on the annual net sales of Licensed Products and the practice
of any Licensed Processes (subject to certain reductions), at certain low- to mid-single digit royalty rates, which rates vary based
on the total amount of annual net sales and the geographic market in which those sales occur. We must provide regular written reports
to the NIAID on the development status of and royalty payments relating to the Licensed Products and the Licensed Processes. 

The
License Agreement will expire upon (a) twenty years from the first commercial sale where no licensed patent rights exist or have ceased to exist or (b) the expiration of the last
patent contained in the licensed patent rights, unless terminated earlier. None of the applications included in the NIH licensed patent
rights have issued yet. The NIH may terminate or modify the license in the event of a material breach, including if the Company does
not meet certain milestones by certain dates, or upon certain insolvency events that remain uncured following the date that is 90 days
following written notice of such breach or insolvency event. The Company may terminate the license, or any portion thereof, at its sole
discretion at any time upon 60 days written notice to the NIH. 

NRC
License 

On
July 26, 2021, the Company entered into a non-exclusive Technology License Agreement (the License Agreement with the National
Research Council of Canada NRC pursuant to which the NRC grants to the Company a license to use NRC s inventions,
patents, trade secrets, know-how, copyright, biological material, designs, and/or technical information created by or on behalf of the
NRC (the NRC Technologies relating to the derivatives of CHO 2353 TM Cell Line listed in the License Agreement
(the Stable Cells to: (i) make, research, and develop SARS-CoV-2 spike protein manufactured by a Stable Cell (the Drug
Substance within Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the European Union and the United States (U.S.) (collectively
the Territory (ii) file regulatory approval, export and sell the final formulation of the Drug Substance Products and (iii) engage contractors to use the Stable Cells to make Drug Substance or Products on behalf of the Company to be used and sold,
worldwide, by the Company. The company announced on December 20, 2021, that the license was extended to include the Omicron variant.
On February 3, 2022, the Company broadened the non-exclusive field of use to include all diseases caused by coronaviruses and any genetic
variants thereof. 

As
consideration for the grant of the license, the Company will pay to the NRC an annual (low five digits) license fee, with the initial
portion of the fee covering the first three years of the license. Additionally, we will pay certain milestone payments (a) upon transfer
of each Stable Cell listed in the Agreement and (b) with regard to each of the first three Products, (i) upon submission of the Investigational
New Drug application (IND) related thereto, (ii) upon dosing the first patient in a Phase 1 or Phase 2 clinical trial, (iii) upon dosing
the first patient in a Phase 3 clinical trial and (iv) upon first regulatory approval. Milestone payments range from the low five digits
to high six digits. In addition, Oragenics will pay a low single-digit royalty to the NRC for the sale of Products, based on sales revenue,
commencing after the first commercial sale. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, the NRC is required to bear the responsibility and pay the costs to obtain and maintain patents related to
the NRC Technologies in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, European Union, Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Australia, China, and India, and the
NRC shall use reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain those patents. Additional countries may be requested by us, in which event, the
NRC will file and maintain such patents, at our expense. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, we are required to indemnify and hold the NRC and its employees and agents harmless from and against all liability
and damages in connection with or arising out of all claims, demands, losses, damages, costs including solicitor and client costs, actions,
suits or proceedings brought by any third party that are in any manner based upon, arising out of, related to, occasioned by, or attributable
to the manufacturing, distribution, shipment, offering for sale, sale, or use of Products, services based on the NRC Technologies and
product liability and infringement of intellectual property rights other than copyright, if any, licensed under the License Agreement. 

Unless
terminated earlier, the License Agreement will terminate twenty years from the effective date of the License Agreement. Either party may terminate the License Agreement, by giving written notice to
the other party, if the other party defaults or is in breach of the License Agreement, provided that if the defaulting party cures the
breach within 60 days after the notice is given, the License Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. The NRC may terminate
the License Agreement if the Company becomes bankrupt, or insolvent, or has a receiver appointed to continue its operations, or passes
a resolution for winding up. The License Agreement contains customary confidentiality obligations. 

Leases 

Lab
Facility-Alachua . The Company s Alachua facility is being leased from a real estate developer for a term of five years beginning
in December 2014. Under the lease agreement, the rental payments range from 
 per month to 
 per month. In June of 2019, the Company entered
into an amendment for the Alachua facility for a term of beginning in December of 2019. Under the
amended lease agreement, the rental payments range from 
 per month to 
 per month. Total rental expense for the Alachua
facility during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately .
The lease may be terminated prior to its stated expiration date upon the payment of nine-months rent. 

Corporate
Office-Tampa . In November of 2016, the Company entered into an amendment for the leased office space for corporate personnel located
in Tampa, FL. The amended lease is for approximately 
 square feet. Lease
payments range from 
 per month to 
 per month inclusive of insurance, taxes and utilities.
The lease expires on . In November of 2019, the Company entered
into an amendment for the Tampa facility for a term of beginning in March of 2020. Under the amended
lease agreement, the rental payments range from 
 per month to 
 per month. Total rent expense under this lease
was approximately 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In
August of 2022, the Company entered into an amendment for the leased office space for corporate personnel located in Tampa, FL. The amended
lease is for approximately 
 square feet. .
Lease payments are 
 per month inclusive of insurance, taxes and utilities.
The lease expires on . 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Operating
 leases 

2024 

2025 
 - 
 
 Total 

Less:
 Imputed interest 

Present value of lease
 liabilities 

Short-term
 lease cost 
 - 

Total
 lease cost 

par value, at a ratio of one for sixty, which
became effective January 20, 2023 (the Effective Date ). The Company s common stock began trading on a split-adjusted
basis on January 23, 2023 under the existing trading symbol OGEN . 

As
a result of the reverse split, each 60 pre-split shares of common stock outstanding were automatically combined into one new share of
common stock without any action on the part of the holders, and the number of outstanding common shares was reduced from approximately
 
 million shares to approximately 
 million shares. The reverse split also applied
to common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Company s outstanding stock options. In addition, the Company also announced
that the authorized common stock of the Company was decreased from 
 million to approximately 
 million shares. The authorized preferred stock
remains at shares.
The common stock issued pursuant to the reverse stock split will remain fully paid and non-assessable. The reverse stock split did not
affect the par value of the common stock. 

NYSE
Listing Compliance 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company regained compliance with the NYSE American continued listing standards. Specifically, the Company resolved
the continued listing deficiency with respect to its low selling price as described in Section 1003(f)(v) of the NYSE American Company
Guide. 

At
The Market Offering 

On
February 24, 2023 the Company filed a Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it had entered into an At the Market
Offering Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc (the Agent ), pursuant to which
the Company may issue, and sell, from time to time shares of its common stock (the Shares with the Agent acting as the
sales agent or principal. The Company has no obligation to sell any of the Shares, any sales of the Shares under the Sales Agreement
will be made pursuant to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-269225). As part of the Sales Agreement
the Company agreed to pay the Agent certain commissions and to reimburse the Agent for certain fees and expenses not to exceed an amount
of . 

Commercial
License Agreement 

On
February 23, 2023, the Company announced that it entered into a Commercial License Agreement with Inspirevax, Inc. In consideration of
the Company agreed to pay a fee upon signing of .
The Company also agreed to make certain milestone payments and to pay royalties. The Company filed a Form 8-K with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 1, 2023 announcing the agreement and the terms of the agreement. 

New
Chief Financial Officer 

On
March 8, 2023, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved the appointment of Janet Huffman as the Company s new
Chief Financial Officer. The terms of Ms. Huffman s employment agreement and compensation were included in Form 8-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2023. 

Signature
Bank Failure 

On
March 12, 2023, Signature Bank was closed by the New York State Department of Financial Services and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(the FDIC was named Receiver. The FDIC has secured the funds for the Signature Bank customers for cash balances greater
than the insured amount. The Company used Signature Bank as its financial institution; however, it did not encounter any loss of cash
or assets as a result of the Signature Bank failure. On March 20, 2023 the Company opened new accounts with BMO Harris Bank and in April
of 2022 has transferred most cash balances from Signature Bank to BMO Bank. 

Non-reliance of Financial
Statements 

On April 4, 2023, the management
and the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors concluded that the following financial statements should be restated
and should no longer be relied upon: 

i. 
 The Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2022 included in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 13 2022 (the Q1 2022 10-Q and 

ii. 
 The Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 included in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022 (the Q2 2022 10-Q and 

iii. 
 The Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 included in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022 (the Q3 2022 10-Q ). 

As a result, the Company determined that the unaudited consolidated financial statements for the Q1 2022 10-Q, Q2 2022 10-Q, and Q3 2022
10-Q should be restated, and the Company should file an amendment to the Q1 2022 10-Q, Q2 2022 10-Q, and Q3 2022 10-Q with the SEC. All
such amendments were filed with the SEC on April 14, 2023. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The Company had shares reserved for private placement warrants,
and on April 10, 2023, those warrants expired. None of those warrants were exercised. 

F- 20 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Incorporated
 by Reference 

Exhibit 
 number 
 
 Exhibit
 description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 no. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
 date 
 
 Filed 
 herewith 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation as amended prior to December 29, 2017 (including certificates of designation of Series A,
 B and C Preferred Stock). 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/29/17 

3.2 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated effective December 29, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 3.2 
 
 12/29/17 

3.3 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation effective January 19, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 3.1 
 
 1/19/18 

3.4 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 3.4 
 
 6/26/18 

3.5 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 3.5 
 
 2/28/22 

3.6 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 SB-2 
 
 333-100568 
 
 3.2 
 
 10/16/02 

3.7 
 
 First
 Amendment to Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/9/10 

3.8 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 3.1 
 
 8/24/10 

3.9 
 
 Third
 Amendment to Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 3.9 
 
 2/28/22 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 4.1 
 
 1/23/23 

4.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Warrant Form 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 4.1 
 
 8/1/17 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32118 
 
 4.1 
 
 11/9/17 

4.4 
 
 Form
 of Investor Warrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 4.1 
 
 4/10/18 

4.5 
 
 Form
 of Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-224950 
 
 4.2 
 
 7/9/18 

4.6 
 
 Warrant
 Agency Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 4.2 
 
 7/17/18 

4.7 
 
 Form
 of Series 2 Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 4.2 
 
 3/25/19 

4.8 
 
 Warrant
 dated May 1, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 4.1 
 
 5/4/20 

4.9

Description
 of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

X 

10.1 
 
 Lease
 Agreement between the Company and Hawley-Wiggins LLC dated October 28, 2011 (13700 Progress Blvd, Alachua, FL 32615). 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.20 
 
 4/16/12 

118 

10.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Lease Agreement between the Company and Hawley-Wiggins LLC dated July 13, 2014 (13700 Progress Blvd, Alachua, FL 32615). 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/7/14 

10.3 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Lease Agreement between the Company and Hawley-Wiggins LLC dated June 7, 2019 (13700 Progress Blvd, Alachua, FL 32615). 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.15 
 
 3/4/20 

10.4 
 
 Non-exclusive
 intellectual property and biological materials license agreement with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases,
 an institute within the National Institutes of Health. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/14/20 

10.5 
 
 National
 Research Council (NRC) Canada Technology License Agreement (dated July 26, 2021) and Amendment One (dated September 2, 2021). 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.0

11/15/21

10.6 
 
 NRC
 Technology License Amendment 2 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.6 
 
 3/24/22 

10.7 
 
 NRC
 Technology License Amendment 3 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.7 
 
 3/24/22 

10.8 
 
 2012
 Equity Incentive Plan. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 4.1 
 
 10/25/12 

10.9 
 
 First
 Amendment to 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 4.2 
 
 5/5/17 

10.10 
 
 Second
 Amendment to 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 4.3 
 
 12/29/17 

10.11 
 
 Third
 Amendment to 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 4.4 
 
 6/26/18 

10.12 
 
 Fourth
 Amendment to 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 4.5 
 
 6/21/19 

10.13 
 
 Form
 of Employee Stock Option Agreement. + 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.26 
 
 3/26/13 

10.14 
 
 Form
 of Consultant Stock Option Agreement. + 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.27 
 
 3/26/13 

10.15 
 
 Form
 of Notice of Grant of Stock Options and Stock Option Award Agreement (Employee). + 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/18/15 

10.16 
 
 Form
 of Notice of Grant of Stock Options and Stock Option Award Agreement (Directors). + 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.23 
 
 3/4/20 

10.17 
 
 Form
 of Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.3 
 
 3/18/15 

10.19 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Martin Handfield dated May 11, 2010. + 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.16 
 
 11/14/11 

10.20 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Kimberly Murphy dated effective June 23, 2022. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-32188 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/23/22 

10.21 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Janet Huffman dated effective March 8, 2023. + 
 
 8-K 

3/8/23 

10.22 
 
 2021
 Equity Incentive Plan+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-3288 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/28/22 

10.23 
 
 Form
 Stock Option Award Agreement (Directors)+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-3288 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/28/22 

119 

10.24 
 
 Form
 Stock Option Award Agreement (Employees)+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-3288 
 
 10.3 
 
 2/28/22 

10.25 
 
 Form
 Stock Option Award Agreement (Consultants)+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-3288 
 
 10.4 
 
 2/28/22 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of Registrant 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-3288 
 
 21.1 
 
 3/24/22 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C., an independent public accounting firm. 

X 

24.1 
 
 Powers
 of Attorney (included on signature page). 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer).

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer).

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

X 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 

Confidential
 treatment has been granted as to certain portions of this exhibit pursuant to Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
 or Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

+ 
 Executive
 management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Furnished
 herewith and not deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation
 language contained in such filing. 

120 

<EX-4.9>
 2
 ex4-9.htm

Exhibit 4.9 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Oragenics, Inc. Oragenics, we, 
 our, or us has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended: our common stock. 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The following descriptions are summaries of the material
terms that are included in our amended and restated articles of incorporation (as amended) and our bylaws (as amended) as well as the
specific agreements such descriptions relate to. This summary is qualified in its entirety by the specific terms and provisions contained
in our restated articles of incorporation, bylaws and the specific agreements described herein, copies of which we have filed as exhibits
to our Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Overview 

Authorized Capital Stock 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 4,166,666
shares of common stock, par value 0.001, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without par value. 

Listing of Common Stock 

Our common stock is currently listed on the NYSE American
under the trading symbol OGEN. 

Common Stock 

Voting 

The holders of our common stock are entitled to one
vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders. Approval of an amendment of our articles of
incorporation, a merger, a share exchange, a sale of all our property or dissolution must be approved by a majority of all votes entitled
to be cast. Such votes may be cast in person or by proxy as provided in Article I Section 8 of our bylaws. One third of our shares entitled
to vote constitute a quorum for purposes of a meeting of our shareholders. 

Dividends 

Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any
outstanding preferred stock, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably all dividends, if any, as may be declared
from time to time by our Board of Directors out of the funds legally available. 

In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Company, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities,
subject to prior distribution rights of preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. The common stock has no preemptive or conversion rights.
There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid
and non-assessable. 

Rights upon Liquidation 

Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, after
payment in full of our liabilities and the amounts required to be paid to holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock, if any,
all holders of our common stock, along with the holders of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock on an as if converted basis, will be entitled to receive a pro rata distribution of all of our assets and funds legally
available for distribution. 

Redemption and Pre-Emptive Rights 

No shares of our common stock are subject to redemption
or have preemptive rights to purchase additional shares of our common stock or any of our other securities. 

Fully Paid and Non-assessable 

All of our outstanding shares of common stock are,
and the shares of common stock to be issued in this offering, will be fully paid and non-assessable. 

Preferred Stock 

Our Board of Directors has the authority, without
action by our shareholders, to designate and issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series or classes and to
designate the rights, preferences and privileges of each series or class, which may be greater than the rights of our common stock. These
rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights, liquidation preferences,
the number of shares constituting any class or series and the designation of the class or series. Terms selected by our Board of Directors
in the future could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock or adversely
affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of the holders of shares of common stock without any further vote or action by
the stockholders. As a result, the rights of holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights
of the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock or any other preferred stock that
may be issued by us in the future, which could have the effect of decreasing the market price of our common stock. 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

On May 10, 2017 and on July 25, 2017, we issued an
aggregate of 12,000,000 shares of convertible preferred stock, designated as the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to the
certificate of designation and rights filed by us with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida, with an aggregate original purchase
price and initial liquidation preference of 3.0 million. Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was issued for an amount
equal to 0.25 per share, which we refer to as the original purchase price. On March 9, 2018 and August 26, 2022, certain holders of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock elected to convert to common stock and, as a result of such conversions, 5,417,000 shares of Series A Preferred
remain outstanding. 

The following description is a summary of the material
provisions of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and the certificate of designation and rights and does not purport to be complete.
This summary is subject to and is qualified by reference to all the provisions of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and certificate
of designation and rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, including the definitions of certain terms used in the certificate
of designation and rights. We urge you to read this document because it, and not this description, defines the rights of a holder of the
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. A copy of the form of certificate of designation and rights that we filed with the Secretary of
State of the State of Florida effective May 10, 2017 as amended and restated effective November 8, 2017 has been incorporated by reference
as part of our Articles of Incorporation included as an exhibit to our Form 10-K. 

No Mandatory Redemption Date or Sinking Fund 

The shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
do not have a mandatory redemption date and are not subject to any sinking fund. The shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will
remain outstanding indefinitely unless we elect to redeem them under the circumstances described below in Redemption or
we otherwise repurchase them or they are converted into shares of our common stock as described below under Conversion Rights. 

Dividends 

The shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
are entitled to participate in all dividends declared and paid on shares of company common stock on an as if converted basis. 

Liquidation Preference 

Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of
the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary that is not a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the certificate of designation), the
holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, the greater of (i) the product of the
number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then held by such holder, multiplied by the original issue price; and (ii) the amount that
would be payable to such holder in the liquidation in respect of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Series A Preferred
Stock if all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into Common Stock immediately prior to the Liquidation. 

Ranking 

The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ranks (i)
on par with the Common Stock and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and junior to Series C Non-Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend
rights and (ii) on par with Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, junior to Series C Non-Convertible Preferred Stock and senior to Common
Stock as to rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. 

See Voting Rights Matters Requiring Approval
of Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for a description of the types of issuances of equity securities and other securities
of our company requiring approval of holders of a majority of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting
together as a class. 

Redemption 

To the extent we have funds legally available therefor,
at any time after the fifth anniversary of the original issue date of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, we have the right to redeem
all or any portion of the outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at the original issue price of 0.25 by providing
at least seventy five (75) days written notice of such redemption to all holders of the then outstanding shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock. 

Conversion Rights 

The holders of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock will, at any time, be entitled to convert some or all of their Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into the number of shares of
our common stock obtained by dividing the original purchase price of the shares to be converted by the aggregate Series A conversion price
(which originally equaled the original purchase price, but is subject to adjustment), which amount we refer to as the conversion price. 

The conversion price will be adjustable upon the occurrence
of certain events and transactions to prevent dilution as described under Adjustments to Conversion Price to Prevent Dilution. 
Any shares of our common stock issued upon conversion of the shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable. The Company shall in lieu of fractional shares rounded up to the next whole share. The initial conversion price
was 0.25 but was adjusted to 2.50 as a result of the Company s reverse split of 1 for 10 on January 19, 2018 and further adjusted
following our 1 for 60 reverse stock split effective on January 20, 2023. 

Adjustments to Conversion Price to Prevent Dilution

The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is subject
to provisions that protect the holders against dilution by adjustment of the conversion price and/or number of shares of common stock
issuable upon conversion in certain events such as a subdivision, combination or reclassification of our outstanding common stock. 

Voting Rights Matters Requiring Approval
of Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

Except as otherwise required by law, the Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding,
we shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or alter or amend
the certificate of designation, (b) amend its articles of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects
any rights of the holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock were granted certain demand registration rights and piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares of our Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and exercise of their associated warrants, subject to customary cutbacks, blackout
periods and other exceptions. 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

On November 8, 2017, we issued 6,600,000 shares of
convertible preferred stock, designated as the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to the certificate of designation and rights
filed by us with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida, with an aggregate original purchase price and initial liquidation preference
of 3.3 million. Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock was issued for an amount equal to 0.50 per share, which we refer
to as the original purchase price. On August 26, 2022 a certain holder of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock elected to convert to common
stock and, as a result of such conversion, 4,050,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock remain outstanding. 

The following description is a summary of the material
provisions of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and the certificate of designation and rights and does not purport to be complete.
This summary is subject to and is qualified by reference to all the provisions of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and certificate
of designation and rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, including the definitions of certain terms used in the certificate
of designation and rights. We urge you to read this document because it, and not this description, defines the rights of a holder of the
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. A copy of the form of certificate of designation and rights that we filed with the Secretary of
State of the State of Florida effective November 8, 2017 has been incorporated by reference as part of our Articles of Incorporation included
as an exhibit to our Form 10-K. 

No Mandatory Redemption Date or Sinking Fund 

The shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
do not have a mandatory redemption date and are not subject to any sinking fund. The shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock will
remain outstanding indefinitely unless we elect to redeem them under the circumstances described below in Redemption or
we otherwise repurchase them or they are converted into shares of our common stock as described below under Conversion Rights. 

Dividends 

The shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
are entitled to participate in all dividends declared and paid on shares of company common stock on an as if converted basis. 

Liquidation Preference 

Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of
the Company (any such event, a Liquidation ), whether voluntary or involuntary, each holder of shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, after payment to the Series C Non-Convertible Preferred Stock as provided in the Certificate
of Designation of Series C Non-Convertible Preferred Stock, but on par with Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and in preference to
the holders of Common Stock, an amount of cash equal to the greater of (i) the product of the number of shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock then held by such holder, multiplied by the original issue price; and (ii) the amount that would be payable to such holder
in the Liquidation in respect of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock if all outstanding
shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into Common Stock immediately prior to the Liquidation (disregarding for
this purpose any and all limitations of any kind on such conversion). 

Ranking 

The Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ranks (i)
on par with the Common Stock and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and junior to Series C Non-Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend
rights and (ii) junior to Series C Non-Convertible Preferred Stock, on par with Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and senior to the
Common Stock as to distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. 

See Voting Rights Matters Requiring Approval
of Holders of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock for a description of the types of issuances of equity securities and other securities
of our company requiring approval of holders of a majority of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding, voting
together as a class. 

Redemption 

To the extent we have funds legally available therefor,
at any time after the fifth anniversary of the original issue date of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, we have the right to redeem
all or any portion of the outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at the original issue price of 0.50 by providing
at least seventy five (75) days written notice of such redemption to all holders of the then outstanding shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock. 

Conversion Rights 

The holders of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock will, at any time, be entitled to convert some or all of their Series B Convertible Preferred Stock into the number of shares of
our common stock obtained by dividing the original purchase price of the shares to be converted by the aggregate Series B conversion price
(which originally equaled the original purchase price, but is subject to adjustment), which amount we refer to as the conversion price
and then multiplying such product by two (2). 

The conversion price will be adjustable upon the occurrence
of certain events and transactions to prevent dilution as described under Adjustments to Conversion Price to Prevent Dilution. 
Any shares of our common stock issued upon conversion of the shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall be validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable. The Company shall either pay cash in lieu of fractional shares or round up to the next whole share. The initial
conversion price was 0.50 but was adjusted to 5.00 as a result of the Company s reverse split of 1 for 10 on January 19, 2018
and further adjusted following our 1 for 60 reverse stock split effective on January 20, 2023. 

Adjustments to Conversion Price to Prevent Dilution

The Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is subject
to provisions that protect the holders against dilution by adjustment of the conversion price and/or number of shares of common stock
issuable upon conversion in certain events such as a subdivision, combination or reclassification of our outstanding common stock. 

Voting Rights Matters Requiring Approval
of Holders of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Except as otherwise required by law, the Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding,
we shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock, (a) amend, alter, repeal, restate or supplement (in each case, whether by reclassification, merger, consolidation, reorganization
or otherwise) the certificate of designation in any manner that would adversely affect the holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock, (b) authorize or agree to authorize any increase in the number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock or issue any additional
shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, (c) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
of the Company which would adversely affect any right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
or the holders thereof or (d) agree to take any of the foregoing actions. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock were granted certain demand registration rights and piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares of our Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock and exercise of their associated warrants, subject to customary cutbacks, blackout
periods and other exceptions. 

Series C Non-Voting , Non-Convertible
Preferred Stock 

On November 8, 2017, we issued to a single older 100
shares of non-convertible preferred stock, designated as the Series C Non-Voting, Non-Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to the certificate
of designation and rights filed by us with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida, with a stated value and liquidation preference
equal to 33,847.9874 per share, which we refer to as the Stated Value. The shares of Series C Non-Voting, Non-Convertible Preferred Stock
were entitled to payment-in-kind PIK dividends thereon at the annual rate of twelve percent (12 (the Initial
Rate of its Stated Value, payable by issuing additional shares of Series C Non-Voting, Non-Convertible Preferred Stock within
thirty days after the end of each calendar year, pro-rata for partial years. During the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company
provided a notice of redemption, to the holder of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock to redeem all outstanding Series C Preferred
Stock (which included the dividend of 26.697 shares paid on January 28, 2021 and any accrued dividends due through the redemption date
of March 13, 2021). The Series C Preferred Stock redemption amount of approximately 5.6 million was paid on March 15, 2021 and all outstanding
shares of Series C Preferred Stock were cancelled. 

Series D Preferred Stock-Converted to Common
Stock 

On July 13, 2018, our board of directors designated
9,364,000 shares of our preferred stock as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Series D Preferred Stock ), which were subsequently
issued on July 17, 2018, none of which are currently issued and outstanding. The preferences and rights of the Series D Preferred Stock
was set forth in a Certificate of Designation (the Series D Certificate of Designation ). Pursuant to a transfer agency agreement
between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as transfer agent, the Series D Preferred Stock was issued in book-entry
form and represented only by one or more global certificates deposited with The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, and registered in the
name of Cede Co., a nominee of DTC, or as otherwise directed by DTC. Prior to the end of 2018, all of 9,364,000 shares of Series
D Preferred Stock converted to common stock and as such, the Company no longer has any Series D Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Registration Rights 

Series A Preferred Stock Private Placement .
Pursuant to the May 10, 2017 Registration Rights Agreement, we granted certain demand registration rights and piggyback registration rights
with respect to the shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and the exercise of the common
stock warrants that were issued commensurate with the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Series B Preferred Stock Private Placement .
Pursuant to the November 8, 2017 Amended and Restated Registration Right Agreement, we granted certain demand registration rights and
piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock
and the exercise of the common stock warrants that were issued commensurate with the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock.. The Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement amended the previous registration rights agreement entered into in connection with our Series
A Preferred Stock Financing in May 2017. 

The following descriptions are summaries of the material
terms that are included in our amended and restated articles of incorporation (as amended) and our bylaws (as amended) as well as the
specific agreements such descriptions relate to. This summary is qualified in its entirety by the specific terms and provisions contained
in our restated articles of incorporation, bylaws and the specific agreements described herein, copies of which we have filed as exhibits
to our Form 10-K. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Florida Law 

We are not subject to the statutory anti-takeover
provisions under Florida law because in our articles of incorporation we have specifically elected to opt out of both the control-share
acquisitions (F.S. 607.0902) and the affiliated transactions (F.S. 607.0901) statutes. Since these anti-takeover
statutes do not apply to a corporation that has specifically elected to opt out of such provisions, we would not be able to invoke the
protection of such statutes in the event of a hostile takeover attempt. 

Articles of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions

Our articles of incorporation
and bylaws contain provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect. These provisions include 

authorization of the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors without shareholder approval and that may be substantially dilutive or contain preferences or rights objectionable to an acquiror; 

the ability of the Board of Directors to amend the bylaws without shareholder approval; 

vacancies on our board may only be filled by the remaining Directors and not our shareholders; and 

requirements that only our Board, our President or holders of more than 10 of our shares can call a special meeting of shareholders. 

These provisions in our articles of incorporation
and bylaws could delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control of us, including transactions in
which shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over their current prices. Such provisions could also limit the
ability of shareholders to approve transactions that shareholders may deem to be in their best interests and could adversely affect the
price of our common stock. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar of our common stock
is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, 1 State Street 30th Floor, New York, New York 10004, telephone: (212) 509-4000. 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the inclusion in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Oragenics, Inc. of our report (which report includes an explanatory paragraph
regarding the existence of substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern), dated April 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Oragenics, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the for each of the
two years in the period ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation of our report by reference in the following Registration
Statements: 

(i) 
 Form S-8 Registration
 Statements (Nos. 333-184588, 333-223088, 333-225894, 333-232301 and 333-263821) of Oragenics, Inc. pertaining to the Oragenics, Inc.
 Equity Incentive Plan; and 

(ii) 
 Registration Statements
 (Form S-1 Nos. 333-224498, 333-224950 and 333-226150) and (Form S-3 Nos. 333-213321, 333-230422, 333-238789 and 333-269225) and related
 Prospectus of Oragenics, Inc. 

/s/ Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. 

St. Petersburg, Florida 

April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Kimberly Murphy, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Oragenics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors: 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated this 17 th day of April, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Kimberly Murphy 

Kimberly Murphy 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Janet Huffman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Oragenics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors: 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated this 17 th day of April, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Janet Huffman 

Janet Huffman 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31, 2022 (the Report of Oragenics, Inc. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Kimberly Murphy, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/
 Kimberly Murphy 

Name: Kimberly Murphy 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31, 2022 (the Report of Oragenics, Inc. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Janet Huffman, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/
 Janet Huffman 

Name: Janet Huffman 

Principal Financial Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ogen-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ogen-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ogen-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ogen-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

