<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230525_10-K_edgar_data_1037038_0001037038-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17946266</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>471125</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3167697</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6576320</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3867270</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3533484</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001037038-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230525
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230525102648
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001037038-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230401
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230525
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230525

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RALPH LAUREN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001037038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEN'S & BOYS' FURNISHINGS, WORK CLOTHING, AND ALLIED GARMENTS [2320]
		IRS NUMBER:				132622036
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0328

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13057
		FILM NUMBER:		23957361

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123187000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	POLO RALPH LAUREN CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970402

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001037038-23-000015.txt : 20230525

10-K
 1
 rl-20230401.htm
 10-K

rl-20230401 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion as of September 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter based on the closing price of the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 At May 19, 2023, shares of the registrant's Class A common stock, .01 par value and shares of the registrant's Class B common stock, .01 par value were outstanding. 
 Part III incorporates by reference information from certain portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the fiscal year ended April 1, 2023. 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 25 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 40 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 40 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 41 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 42 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 74 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 74 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 74 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 74 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 75 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 75 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 75 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 75 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 76 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 76 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 76 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 77 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 79 
 Signatures 
 80 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Various statements in this Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K, in future filings by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), in our press releases, and in oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company, may contain certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding our current expectations about the Company's future operating results and financial condition, the implementation and results of our strategic plans and initiatives, store openings and closings, capital expenses, our plans regarding our quarterly cash dividend and Class A common stock repurchase programs, and our ability to meet environmental, social, and governance goals. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are indicated by words or phrases such as "aim," "anticipate," "outlook," "estimate," "ensure," "commit," "expect," "project," "believe," "envision," "goal," "target," "can," "will," and similar words or phrases. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors include, among others: 
 the loss of key personnel, including Mr. Ralph Lauren, or other changes in our executive and senior management team or to our operating structure, including any potential changes resulting from the execution of our long-term growth strategy, and our ability to effectively transfer knowledge and maintain adequate controls and procedures during periods of transition; 
 the potential impact to our business resulting from inflationary pressures, including increases in the costs of raw materials, transportation, wages, healthcare, and other benefit-related costs; 
 the impact of economic, political, and other conditions on us, our customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders, including potential business disruptions related to the war between Russia and Ukraine, civil and political unrest, diplomatic tensions between the U.S. and other countries, rising interest rates, and recent bank failures, among other factors described herein; 
 the potential impact to our business resulting from supply chain disruptions, including those caused by capacity constraints, closed factories and/or labor shortages (stemming from pandemic diseases, labor disputes, strikes, or otherwise), scarcity of raw materials, port congestion, and scrutiny or detention of goods produced in certain territories resulting from laws, regulations, or trade restrictions, such as those imposed by the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act ("UFLPA") or the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act ("CAATSA"), which could result in shipment approval delays leading to inventory shortages and lost sales; 
 the impact to our business resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, including periods of reduced operating hours and capacity limits and/or temporary closure of our stores, distribution centers, and corporate facilities, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, and vendors, and potential changes to consumer behavior, spending levels, and/or shopping preferences, such as willingness to congregate in shopping centers or other populated locations; 
 our ability to effectively manage inventory levels and the increasing pressure on our margins in a highly promotional retail environment; 
 our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations from both a transactional and translational perspective; 
 our ability to recruit and retain employees to operate our retail stores, distribution centers, and various corporate functions; 
 the impact to our business resulting from a recession or changes in consumers' ability, willingness, or preferences to purchase discretionary items and luxury retail products, which tends to decline during recessionary periods, and our ability to accurately forecast consumer demand, the failure of which could result in either a build-up or shortage of inventory; 
 our ability to successfully implement our long-term growth strategy; 
 our ability to continue to expand and grow our business internationally and the impact of related changes in our customer, channel, and geographic sales mix as a result, as well as our ability to accelerate growth in certain product categories; 
 our ability to open new retail stores and concession shops, as well as enhance and expand our digital footprint and capabilities, all in an effort to expand our direct-to-consumer presence; 
 1 

our ability to respond to constantly changing fashion and retail trends and consumer demands in a timely manner, develop products that resonate with our existing customers and attract new customers, and execute marketing and advertising programs that appeal to consumers; 
 our ability to competitively price our products and create an acceptable value proposition for consumers; 
 our ability to continue to maintain our brand image and reputation and protect our trademarks; 
 our ability to achieve our goals regarding environmental, social, and governance practices, including those related to climate change and our human capital; 
 our ability and the ability of our third-party service providers to secure our respective facilities and systems from, among other things, cybersecurity breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, ransomware, or similar Internet or email events; 
 our efforts to successfully enhance, upgrade, and/or transition our global information technology systems and digital commerce platforms; 
 the potential impact to our business if any of our distribution centers were to become inoperable or inaccessible; 
 the potential impact on our operations and on our suppliers and customers resulting from man-made or natural disasters, including pandemic diseases such as COVID-19, severe weather, geological events, and other catastrophic events; 
 our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and cost reductions from our restructuring plans, as well as the impact to our business resulting from restructuring-related charges, which may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term; 
 the impact to our business resulting from potential costs and obligations related to the early or temporary closure of our stores or termination of our long-term, non-cancellable leases; 
 our ability to maintain adequate levels of liquidity to provide for our cash needs, including our debt obligations, tax obligations, capital expenditures, and potential payment of dividends and repurchases of our Class A common stock, as well as the ability of our customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders to access sources of liquidity to provide for their own cash needs; 
 the potential impact to our business resulting from the financial difficulties of certain of our large wholesale customers, which may result in consolidations, liquidations, restructurings, and other ownership changes in the retail industry, as well as other changes in the competitive marketplace, including the introduction of new products or pricing changes by our competitors; 
 our ability to access capital markets and maintain compliance with covenants associated with our existing debt instruments; 
 a variety of legal, regulatory, tax, political, and economic risks, including risks related to the importation and exportation of products which our operations are currently subject to, or may become subject to as a result of potential changes in legislation, and other risks associated with our international operations, such as compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or violations of other anti-bribery and corruption laws prohibiting improper payments, and the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including tax laws, trade and labor restrictions, and related laws that may reduce the flexibility of our business; 
 the impact to our business resulting from the potential imposition of additional duties, tariffs, taxes, and other charges or barriers to trade, including those resulting from trade developments between the U.S. and China or other countries, and any related impact to global stock markets, as well as our ability to implement mitigating sourcing strategies; 
 changes in our tax obligations and effective tax rate due to a variety of factors, including potential changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws and regulations, accounting rules, or the mix and level of earnings by jurisdiction in future periods that are not currently known or anticipated; 
 the impact to our business of events of unrest and instability that are currently taking place in certain parts of the world, as well as from any terrorist action, retaliation, and the threat of further action or retaliation; 
 the potential impact to the trading prices of our securities if our operating results, Class A common stock share repurchase activity, and/or cash dividend payments differ from investors' expectations; 
 2 

our ability to maintain our credit profile and ratings within the financial community; 
 our intention to introduce new products or brands, or enter into or renew alliances; 
 changes in the business of, and our relationships with, major wholesale customers and licensing partners; and 
 our ability to make strategic acquisitions and successfully integrate the acquired businesses into our existing operations. 
 These forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations and judgments and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are unforeseeable and beyond our control. A detailed discussion of significant risk factors that have the potential to cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations is described in Part I of this Form 10-K under the heading of "Risk Factors." We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 WEBSITE ACCESS TO COMPANY REPORTS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 Our investor website is http://investor.ralphlauren.com. We were incorporated in June 1997 under the laws of the State of Delaware. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are available free of charge at our investor website under the caption "SEC Filings" promptly after we electronically file such materials with or furnish such materials to the SEC. All such filings are also available on the SEC's website at https://www.sec.gov. Information relating to corporate governance at Ralph Lauren Corporation, including our Corporate Governance Policies, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for all directors, officers, and employees, our Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers, and information concerning our directors, Committees of the Board of Directors, including Committee charters, and transactions involving Ralph Lauren Corporation securities by directors and executive officers, are available at our website under the captions "Corporate Governance" and "SEC Filings." Paper copies of these filings and corporate governance documents are available to stockholders without charge by written request to Investor Relations, Ralph Lauren Corporation, 650 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 
 In this Form 10-K, references to "Ralph Lauren," "ourselves," "we," "our," "us," and the "Company" refer to Ralph Lauren Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. Due to the collaborative and ongoing nature of our relationships with our licensees, such licensees are sometimes referred to in this Form 10-K as "licensing alliances." Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday immediately before or after March 31. All references to "Fiscal 2024" represent the 52-week fiscal year ending March 30, 2024. All references to "Fiscal 2023" represent the 52-week fiscal year ended April 1, 2023. All references to "Fiscal 2022" represent the 53-week fiscal year ended April 2, 2022. All references to "Fiscal 2021" represent the 52-week fiscal year ended March 27, 2021. 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 
 General 
 Founded in 1967 by Mr. Ralph Lauren, we are a global leader in the design, marketing, and distribution of luxury lifestyle products, including apparel, footwear accessories, home, fragrances, and hospitality. For more than 50 years, Ralph Lauren has sought to inspire the dream of a better life through authenticity and timeless style. Our long-standing reputation and distinctive image have been developed across a wide range of products, brands, distribution channels, and international markets. We believe that our global reach, breadth of lifestyle product offerings, and multi-channel distribution network are unique among luxury and apparel companies. 
 We diversify our business by geography (North America, Europe, and Asia, among other regions) and channel of distribution (retail, wholesale, and licensing). This allows us to maintain a dynamic balance as our operating results do not depend solely on the performance of any single geographic area or channel of distribution. We sell directly to consumers through our integrated retail channel, which includes our retail stores, concession-based shop-within-shops, and digital commerce operations around the world. Our wholesale sales are made principally to major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners around the world, as well as to certain third-party-owned stores to which we have licensed the right to operate in defined geographic territories using our trademarks. In addition, we license to third parties for specified periods the right to access our various trademarks in connection with the licensees' manufacture and sale of designated products, such as certain apparel, eyewear, fragrances, and home. 
 3 

We organize our business into the following three reportable segments: North America, Europe, and Asia. In addition to these reportable segments, we also have other non-reportable segments. See " Our Segments " for further discussion of our segment reporting structure. 
 Our global reach is extensive, as we sell directly to customers throughout the world via our 553 retail stores and 722 concession-based shop-within-shops, as well as through our own digital commerce sites and those of various third-party digital partners. Merchandise is also available through our wholesale distribution channels at over 9,000 doors worldwide, the majority in specialty stores, as well as through the digital commerce sites of many of our wholesale customers. In addition to our directly-operated stores and shops, our international licensing partners operate 182 stores and shops. 
 We have been controlled by the Lauren family since the founding of our Company. As of April 1, 2023, Mr. R. Lauren, or entities controlled by the Lauren family, held approximately 86 of the voting power of the Company's outstanding common stock. 
 
 Objectives and Opportunities 
 Our purpose is to inspire the dream of a better life through authenticity and timeless style. We believe that our size and the global scope of our operations provide us with design, sourcing, and distribution synergies across our business. Our core strengths include a portfolio of luxury lifestyle products spanning five categories: apparel, footwear accessories, home, fragrances, and hospitality; a well-diversified global multi-channel distribution network; an investment philosophy supported by a strong balance sheet; and an experienced management team. Despite the various risks and uncertainties associated with the current global economic environment, as discussed further in Item 7 " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Global Economic Conditions and Industry Trends, " we believe our core strengths will allow us to effectively execute our long-term growth strategy. 
 An overview of our long-term growth strategy is presented below: 
 
 4 

Global Citizenship and Sustainability 
 Since our founding, we have believed in creating things that are timeless that last and never go out of style. Our iconic products are created to be worn, loved and passed on through generations. This ethos of timelessness extends beyond our products to the lives, communities and material resources our business intersects. "Timeless by Design" is how we apply our Company's Purpose, to inspire the dream of a better life through authenticity and timeless style, to our approach to citizenship and sustainability. We live this commitment through three key pillars: 
 1. Create with Intent 
 Integrated Circularity We are committed to designing products with circularity in mind, connecting consumers to opportunities for rental, repair and recirculation in select top cities and investing in scalable innovation. 
 Sustainable Materials We are committed to using materials in ways that reduce environmental impact, protect biodiversity and animal welfare, support livelihoods, and improve the traceability of raw materials. 
 Responsible Design We commit to embedding environmental and cultural sustainability, inclusivity, and celebration into the products we design and stories we tell. 
 Responsible Sourcing We seek to work with partners who share our values and our commitment to conduct business with social and environmental integrity at heart. 
 2. Protect the Environment 
 Climate We commit to playing our part to address the climate crisis by reducing greenhouse gas emissions across our supply chain to a level consistent with reaching global net zero emissions. 
 Water Stewardship We commit to reducing water consumption across our value chain and to safeguarding and preserving water resources in our communities. 
 Waste Management We commit to integrating zero-waste principles across our business, focusing on reducing waste at its source and diverting waste from landfill through increased recycling, reuse, and other methods. 
 Chemical Management As we monitor and reduce hazardous chemical use and discharge, our ultimate goal is to eliminate all hazardous chemicals from our product manufacturing. 
 Biodiversity We are committed to leveraging science to build an in-depth understanding of our current impacts on biodiversity; identifying ways to avoid new negative impacts and reduce existing ones where possible; developing strategies to restore and regenerate ecosystems; and identifying opportunities to engage in transformative, systems-level efforts to address drivers of nature loss. 
 3. Champion Better Lives 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Our purpose to inspire the dream of a better life drives us to create a culture of diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging inside our Company and throughout our communities. 
 Employee Well-being We are dedicated to supporting the physical, emotional, social, and financial needs of our employees and their families to help them thrive. We focus on employee wellness, engagement, learning and development, and compensation and benefits. 
 Community Engagement and Philanthropy We seek to make the dream of a better life a reality in communities across the globe through contributions and actions that create positive social and environmental impact. 
 Rights and Empowerment in the Supply Chain We are committed to conducting our global operations ethically with respect for the dignity of all people who make our products. Our approach aims to create a positive impact in the lives of factory workers and their families. 
 5 

Additional information relating to Timeless by Design can be found in our annual sustainability report, which is available at our website at http://investor.ralphlauren.com under the caption "Global Citizenship Sustainability Report." Our 2023 Global Citizenship Sustainability Report is expected to be published in June 2023. The content of our sustainability reports is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. See Item 1A "Risk Factors Risks Related to Environmental, Social, and Governance Issues." 
 
 Recent Developments 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 Beginning in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended March 28, 2020 ("Fiscal 2020"), a novel strain of coronavirus commonly referred to as COVID-19 emerged and spread rapidly across the globe, including throughout all major geographies in which we operate, resulting in widespread adverse economic conditions and business disruptions. Since then, governments worldwide have periodically imposed preventative and protective actions, such as temporary travel bans, forced business closures, and stay-at-home orders, all in an effort to reduce the spread of the virus. Such actions have negatively impacted retail traffic, tourism, and consumer spending on discretionary items to varying degrees over the course of the pandemic. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced varying degrees of business disruptions and periods of closure of our stores, distribution centers, and corporate facilities, as have our wholesale customers, licensing partners, suppliers, and vendors. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 at the peak of the pandemic, the majority of our stores in key markets were closed for an average of 8 to 10 weeks due to government-mandated lockdowns and other restrictions, resulting in significant adverse impacts to our operating results. Resurgences and outbreaks in certain parts of the world resulted in further business disruptions periodically throughout Fiscal 2021, most notably in Europe where a significant number of our stores were closed for approximately 2 to 3 months during the second half of Fiscal 2021, including during the holiday period, due to government-mandated lockdowns and other restrictions. Such disruptions continued throughout Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2023 in certain regions, although to a lesser extent than Fiscal 2021. Further, throughout the course of the pandemic, the majority of our stores that were able to remain open have periodically been subject to limited operating hours and/or customer capacity levels in accordance with local health guidelines, with traffic remaining challenged. However, our digital commerce operations have grown significantly from pre-pandemic levels, due in part to our investments and enhanced capabilities, as well as changes in consumer shopping preferences. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic also adversely impacted our distribution, logistic, and sourcing partners, including temporary factory closures, labor shortages, vessel, container and other transportation shortages, and port congestion. Such disruptions resulted in periods of reduced availability of inventory, delayed timing of inventory receipts, and increased costs for both the purchase and transportation of such inventory, most notably during Fiscal 2022 and the first half of Fiscal 2023. 
 The pandemic continues to evolve, with resurgences and outbreaks occurring in certain parts of the world during Fiscal 2023, including those resulting from variants of the virus. While the impact of these disruptions has generally been less significant than those experienced in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022, we cannot predict for how long and to what extent the pandemic may continue to impact our business operations, the global supply chain, or the overall global economy. 
 See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Infectious disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business " for additional discussion regarding risks to our business associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Fiscal 2021 Strategic Realignment Plan 
 We have undertaken efforts to realign our resources to support future growth and profitability, and to create a sustainable, enhanced cost structure. The key initiatives underlying these efforts involved evaluation of our: (i) team organizational structures and ways of working; (ii) real estate footprint and related costs across our corporate offices, distribution centers, and direct-to-consumer retail and wholesale doors; and (iii) brand portfolio. 
 In connection with the first initiative, on September 17, 2020, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the "Fiscal 2021 Strategic Realignment Plan") to reduce our global workforce. Additionally, during a preliminary review of our store portfolio during the second quarter of Fiscal 2021, we decided to close our Polo store on Regent Street in London. 
 Shortly thereafter, on October 29, 2020, we announced the planned transition of our Chaps brand to a fully licensed business model, consistent with our long-term brand elevation strategy and in connection with our third initiative. Specifically, we entered into a multi-year licensing partnership, which took effect on August 1, 2021 following a transition period, with an 
 6 

affiliate of 5 Star Apparel LLC, a division of the OVED Group, to manufacture, market, and distribute Chaps menswear and womenswear. The products are being sold at existing channels of distribution with opportunities for expansion into additional channels and markets globally. This agreement created incremental value for the Company by enabling an even greater focus on elevating our core brands in the marketplace, reducing our direct exposure to the North America department store channel, and setting up Chaps to deliver on its potential with an experienced partner that is focused on nurturing the brand. 
 Later, on February 3, 2021, our Board of Directors approved additional actions related to our real estate initiative. Specifically, we further rightsized and consolidated our global corporate offices to better align with our organizational profile and new ways of working. We also closed certain of our stores to improve overall profitability. Additionally, we further consolidated our North America distribution centers in order to drive greater efficiencies, improve sustainability, and deliver a better consumer experience. 
 Finally, on June 26, 2021, in connection with our brand portfolio initiative, we sold our former Club Monaco business to Regent, L.P. ("Regent"), a global private equity firm, with no resulting gain or loss on sale realized during the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. Regent acquired Club Monaco's assets and liabilities in exchange for potential future cash consideration payable to us, including earn-out payments based on Club Monaco meeting certain defined revenue thresholds over a five-year period. Accordingly, we have realized amounts related to the receipt of such contingent consideration and additional amounts may be realized in the future. Additionally, in connection with this divestiture, we provided Regent with certain operational support for a transitional period of approximately one year, varying by functional area. 
 In connection with the Fiscal 2021 Strategic Realignment Plan, we have recorded cumulative pre-tax charges of 281.8 million since its inception, of which 19.7 million, 25.3 million, and 236.8 million were recorded during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. Actions associated with the Fiscal 2021 Strategic Realignment Plan are now complete and are expected to result in gross annualized pre-tax expense savings of approximately 200 million, a portion of which is being reinvested into the business. 
 See Note 9 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional discussion regarding charges recorded in connection with the Fiscal 2021 Strategic Restructuring Plan. 
 
 Our Brands and Products 
 Our products, which include apparel, footwear accessories, and fragrance collections for men and women, as well as childrenswear and home, together with our hospitality portfolio, comprise one of the most widely recognized families of consumer brands. Reflecting a distinctive American perspective, we have been an innovator in aspirational lifestyle branding and believe that, under the direction of internationally renowned designer Mr. Ralph Lauren, we have had a considerable influence on the way people dress and the way that fashion is advertised throughout the world. 
 We combine consumer insight with our design, marketing, and imaging skills to offer, along with our licensing alliances, broad lifestyle product collections with a unified vision: 
 Apparel Our apparel products include extensive collections of men's, women's, and children's clothing, which are sold under various brand names, including Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Polo Ralph Lauren, Double RL, Lauren Ralph Lauren, Polo Golf Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Golf, RLX Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children, and Chaps, among others. 
 Footwear Accessories Our range of footwear accessories encompasses men's, women's, and children's, including casual shoes, dress shoes, boots, sneakers, sandals, eyewear, watches, fashion and fine jewelry, scarves, hats, gloves, umbrellas, and leather goods, including handbags, luggage, small leather goods, and belts, which are sold under our Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Double RL, Polo Ralph Lauren, Lauren Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children, and Chaps brands. 
 Fragrance Our fragrance offerings capture the essence of Ralph Lauren's men's and women's brands with numerous labels, designed to appeal to a variety of audiences. Women's fragrance products are sold under our Ralph Lauren Collection, Woman by Ralph Lauren, Romance Collection, and Ralph Collection. Men's fragrance products are sold under our Polo Blue, Ralph's Club, Purple Label, Polo Red, Polo Green, Polo Black, Safari, Polo Sport, and Big Pony Men's brands. During Fiscal 2023, we introduced Polo Earth, a gender-neutral fragrance designed with sustainability in mind, made of 97 natural-origin ingredients. 
 7 

Home Our home collections, which are sold under our Ralph Lauren, Polo, Lauren by Ralph Lauren, and Chaps brands, reflect the spirit of the Ralph Lauren lifestyle. Our range of home products includes bed and bath lines, furniture, fabric and wallcoverings, lighting, tabletop, kitchen linens, floor coverings, and giftware. 
 Hospitality Continuing to engage our consumers with experiential and unique expressions of the brand, our hospitality portfolio is a natural extension of the World of Ralph Lauren as expressed through the culinary arts. Ralph Lauren's global hospitality collection is comprised of our restaurants including The Polo Bar in New York City, RL Restaurant located in Chicago, Ralph's located in Paris, The Bar at Ralph Lauren located in Milan, and our Ralph's Coffee concept in various cities around the world. During Fiscal 2023, we opened our first restaurant in the Asia Pacific region, Ralph's Bar in Chengdu, China. 
 Our lifestyle brand image is reinforced by our distribution through our stores and concession-based shop-within-shops, our wholesale channels of distribution, our global digital commerce sites, and our Ralph Lauren restaurants and caf s. We sell our products under the following key brand platforms: 
 1. Ralph Lauren Luxury Our Luxury group includes: 
 Ralph Lauren Collection and Ralph Lauren Purple Label. Ralph Lauren Collection embodies the highest expression of chic, feminine glamour. Each piece is inspired by a vision of timeless luxury and modern elegance and is crafted with unparalleled passion and artistry. For men, Ralph Lauren Purple Label is the ultimate expression of luxury for the modern gentleman. Refined suitings are hand-tailored, including custom made-to-measure suits crafted in the time-honored traditions of Savile Row. Purple Label's sophisticated sportswear is designed with a meticulous attention to detail, capturing the elegance and ease of Ralph Lauren's signature, timeless style. Ralph Lauren Collection and Ralph Lauren Purple Label are made in Italy with the utmost attention to detail and quality and are available in select Ralph Lauren stores around the world, an exclusive selection of the finest specialty stores, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. 
 Double RL. Named after Ralph Lauren's working cattle ranch in Colorado, Double RL is a tribute to America's pioneering spirit and tradition of rugged independence. The foundation of Double RL lies in timeless wardrobe staples for men and women, including authentic American made selvedge denim, military-grade chinos, tube-knit t-shirts, thermals, and flannels. Beyond these iconic styles are added seasonal vintage-inspired collections, along with a full collection of footwear accessories, including quality belts, bags, and leather goods. Double RL is available at Double RL stores, at select Ralph Lauren stores, and an exclusive selection of the finest specialty stores around the world, as well as online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. 
 Ralph Lauren Home. Ralph Lauren Home represents a full expression of modern luxury style is a life well-lived. Based on an immersive design ethos, the collection includes furniture, lighting, bed and bath linens, tabletop, decorative accessories and gifts, as well as fabric, wallcoverings, and floorcoverings. Each piece is crafted with the greatest attention to detail. Ralph Lauren Home offers exclusive luxury goods at select Ralph Lauren stores and select wholesale partners, home specialty stores, trade showrooms, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce site, RalphLauren.com. 
 Ralph Lauren Watches and Jewelry. We offer a premier collection of Swiss-made timepieces, which embody Ralph Lauren's passion for impeccable quality and exquisite design. We also offer premium collections of jewelry, which capture the glamour and craftsmanship of Ralph Lauren's most luxurious designs, from everyday collections to the most refined and precious materials. Ralph Lauren watches and jewelry are available online at RalphLauren.com, at select Ralph Lauren stores, and a few of the finest watch and jewelry retailers around the world. 
 2. Polo Ralph Lauren The Polo Ralph Lauren group includes: 
 Polo Ralph Lauren. Men's Polo combines Ivy League classics and time-honored English haberdashery with downtown styles and all-American sporting looks in sportswear and tailored clothing. Women's Polo represents the epitome of classic and iconic American style with a modern and cool twist. Polo's signature aesthetic includes our renowned polo player logo. Polo Sport reflects the active lifestyle and youthful energy of Polo s sporting roots through Men's and Women's activewear. Men's and Women's Polo apparel and footwear accessories are available in Polo and Ralph Lauren stores around the world, better department and specialty stores, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. 
 8 

Polo Ralph Lauren Children. Polo Ralph Lauren Children is designed to reflect the timeless heritage and modern spirit of Ralph Lauren's collections for men and women. Signature classics include iconic polo knit shirts and luxurious cashmere cable-knit sweaters. Polo Ralph Lauren Children is available in a full range of sizes, from baby to girls 2-16 and boys 2-20. Polo Ralph Lauren Children can be found in select Polo and Ralph Lauren stores around the world, better department stores, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com, as well as certain of our retailer partner digital commerce sites. 
 RLX Ralph Lauren. RLX is the leading edge of Ralph Lauren's performance and activewear. Comprised of functional apparel that address the performance needs of a modern active lifestyle, RLX includes men's and women's apparel and accessories that represent Ralph Lauren's belief that things that are purposefully designed and made of the highest quality achieve a timeless elegance. 
 Polo Golf Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Golf, and RLX Ralph Lauren Golf. Tested and worn by top-ranked professional golfers, Polo Golf Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Golf, and RLX Ralph Lauren Golf for men and women define excellence in the world of golf. With a sharpened focus on the needs of the modern player but rooted in the rich design tradition of Ralph Lauren, the Golf collections combine state-of-the-art performance wear with luxurious finishing touches. Our Golf collections are available in select Polo stores, exclusive private clubs and resorts, and online at RalphLauren.com. 
 Pink Pony. The Pink Pony campaign is our worldwide initiative in the fight against cancer. In the U.S., a percentage of sales from Pink Pony products benefit the Pink Pony Fund of The Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation, which supports cancer-related programs for early diagnosis, education, treatment, and research, and is dedicated to bringing patient navigation and quality cancer care to medically underserved communities. Internationally, a network of local cancer charities around the world benefit from the sale of Pink Pony products. Pink Pony consists of dual gender sportswear and accessories. Pink Pony items feature our iconic pink polo player a symbol of our commitment to the fight against cancer. Pink Pony is available at select Polo and Ralph Lauren stores and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Pink Pony is also available at select Macy's stores and online at Macys.com. 
 3. Lauren Ralph Lauren Our Lauren group includes: 
 Lauren Ralph Lauren. Lauren for women combines aspirational timeless style with modern femininity in a lifestyle collection of sportswear, denim, and dresses, as well as footwear accessories. Lauren for women is available in select department stores around the world and online at select digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Lauren for men offers a complete collection of men's tailored clothing, including suits, sport coats, dress shirts, dress pants, tuxedos, topcoats, and ties at a more accessible price point. Lauren for men is available at select department stores in North America and Europe. 
 Lauren Home. Lauren Home collection includes accessibly-priced, timeless bath and bedding collections, as well as kitchen linens, floorcoverings, and lighting. The collection is built upon an assortment of essentials that is designed to be mixed with seasonal updates, all rooted in the brand's classic style. 
 4. Chaps Chaps celebrates real American style, delivering classic collections updated for modern lifestyles for men, women, children and home. The modern lifestyle collection offers versatile sportswear, workday essentials, tailored clothing, and occasion dresses that are wearable from season to season. Chaps is available in select department stores and retail partner digital commerce sites across the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. Refer to "Recent Developments" for discussion regarding the recent transition of our Chaps brand to a fully licensed business model. 
 9 

Our Segments 
 We organize our business into the following three reportable segments: 
 North America Our North America segment, representing approximately 47 of our Fiscal 2023 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through our retail and wholesale businesses primarily in the U.S. and Canada. In North America, our retail business is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, and our digital commerce site, www.RalphLauren.com. Our wholesale business in North America is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and, to a lesser extent, specialty stores. 
 Europe Our Europe segment, representing approximately 29 of our Fiscal 2023 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in Europe and emerging markets. In Europe, our retail business is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. Our wholesale business in Europe is comprised primarily of a varying mix of sales to both department stores and specialty stores, depending on the country, as well as to various third-party digital partners. 
 Asia Our Asia segment, representing approximately 22 of our Fiscal 2023 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. Our retail business in Asia is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. In addition, we sell our products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites. Our wholesale business in Asia is comprised primarily of sales to department stores, with related products distributed through shop-within-shops. 
 No operating segments were aggregated to form our reportable segments. In addition to these reportable segments, we also have other non-reportable segments, representing approximately 2 of our Fiscal 2023 net revenues, which primarily consist of Ralph Lauren and Chaps branded royalty revenues earned through our global licensing alliances. In addition, prior to its disposition at the end of our first quarter of Fiscal 2022, our other non-reportable segments also included sales of Club Monaco branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Europe, and our licensing alliances in Asia. Refer to "Recent Developments" for additional discussion regarding the disposition of our former Club Monaco business, as well as the transition of our Chaps business to a fully licensed business model. 
 This segment structure is consistent with how we establish our overall business strategy, allocate resources, and assess performance of our Company. 
 Approximately 53 of our Fiscal 2023 net revenues were earned outside of the U.S. See Note 20 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a summary of net revenues and operating income by segment, as well as net revenues and long-lived assets by geographic location. 
 
 Our Retail Business 
 Our retail business sells directly to customers throughout the world via our 553 retail stores and 722 concession-based shop-within-shops, totaling approximately 4.1 million and 0.7 million square feet, respectively, as well as through our own digital commerce sites and those of various third-party digital partners. We operate our business using a global omni-channel retailing strategy that seeks to deliver an integrated shopping experience with a consistent message of our brands and products to our customers, regardless of whether they are shopping for our products in physical stores or online. We also continue to scale and expand our Connected Retail capabilities to enhance the consumer experience, which now include virtual selling appointments, Buy Online-Ship from Store, Buy Online-Pick Up in Store, and mobile checkout and contactless payments, among other capabilities. 
 Ralph Lauren Stores 
 Our Ralph Lauren stores feature a broad range of apparel, footwear accessories, watch and jewelry, fragrance, and home product assortments in an atmosphere reflecting the distinctive attitude and image of the Ralph Lauren, Polo, and Double RL brands, including exclusive merchandise that is not sold in department stores. During Fiscal 2023, we opened 44 new Ralph 
 10 

Lauren stores and closed 10 stores. Our Ralph Lauren stores are primarily situated in major upscale street locations and upscale regional malls, generally in large urban markets. 
 The following table presents the number of Ralph Lauren stores by segment as of April 1, 2023: 
 Ralph Lauren Stores North America 48 Europe 43 Asia 118 Total 209 
 Our 9 flagship Ralph Lauren regional store locations showcase our iconic styles and products and demonstrate our most refined merchandising techniques. In addition to generating sales of our products, our worldwide Ralph Lauren stores establish, reinforce, and capitalize on the image of our brands. Our Ralph Lauren stores range in size from approximately 500 to 37,900 square feet. 
 Outlet Stores 
 We extend our reach to additional consumer groups through our outlet stores worldwide, which are principally located in major outlet centers. Our worldwide outlet stores offer selections of our apparel, footwear accessories, and fragrances. In addition to these product offerings, certain of our worldwide outlet stores offer watches and home product assortments. During Fiscal 2023, we opened 28 new outlet stores and closed 13 stores. 
 The following table presents the number of outlet stores by segment as of April 1, 2023: 
 Outlet Stores North America 189 Europe 61 Asia 94 Total 344 
 Our outlet stores range in size from approximately 1,000 to 28,300 square feet. Outlet stores obtain products from our suppliers, our product licensing partners, and our other retail stores and digital commerce operations, and also serve as a secondary distribution channel for our excess and out-of-season products. 
 Concession-based Shop-within-Shops 
 The terms of trade for shop-within-shops are largely conducted on a concession basis, whereby inventory continues to be owned by us (not the department store) until ultimate sale to the end consumer. The salespeople involved in the sales transactions are generally our employees and not those of the department store. 
 The following table presents the number of concession-based shop-within-shops by segment as of April 1, 2023: 
 Concession-based Shop-within-Shops North America 1 Europe 29 Asia 692 Total (a) 
 722 
 
 (a) Our concession-based shop-within-shops were located at approximately 315 retail locations. 
 The size of our concession-based shop-within-shops ranges from approximately 100 to 4,700 square feet. We may share in the cost of building out certain of these shop-within-shops with our department store partners. 
 11 

Directly-Operated Digital Commerce Websites 
 In addition to our stores, our retail business sells products online in North America, Europe, and Asia through our various directly-operated digital commerce sites, which include www.RalphLauren.com, among others. We continue to expand accessibility to our digital flagships globally while localizing language, currencies, payment methods, product assortments, and content. We also sell our products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites, primarily in Asia, as well as through our mobile app in North America. 
 Our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites offer our customers access to a broad array of Ralph Lauren, Polo, Lauren, and Double RL apparel, footwear accessories, watch and jewelry, fragrance, and home product assortments, and reinforce the luxury image of our brands. While investing in digital commerce operations remains a primary focus, it is an extension of our investment in the integrated omni-channel strategy used to operate our overall retail business, in which our digital commerce operations are interdependent with our physical stores. 
 
 Our Wholesale Business 
 Our wholesale business sells our products globally primarily to major department stores, specialty stores, and golf and pro shops, as well as to various third-party digital partners. We have continued to focus on elevating our brand by improving in-store product assortment and presentation, as well as full-price sell-throughs to consumers. As of the end of Fiscal 2023, our wholesale products were sold through over 9,000 doors worldwide, with the majority in specialty stores. Our products are also increasingly being sold through the digital commerce sites of many of our traditional wholesale customers and our third-party digital partners. 
 The primary product offerings sold through our wholesale channels of distribution include apparel, footwear accessories, and home product assortments. Our luxury brands, including Ralph Lauren Collection and Ralph Lauren Purple Label, are distributed worldwide through a limited number of premier fashion retailers. In North America, our wholesale business is comprised primarily of sales to department stores, and to a lesser extent, specialty stores. In Europe, our wholesale business is comprised primarily of a varying mix of sales to both department stores and specialty stores, depending on the country, as well as to various third-party digital partners. In Asia, our wholesale business is comprised primarily of sales to department stores, with related products distributed through shop-within-shops. We also distribute our wholesale products to certain licensed stores operated by our partners in Latin America, Asia, Europe, and the Middle East. 
 We sell most of our excess and out-of-season products through secondary distribution channels worldwide, including our retail outlet stores. 
 Worldwide Wholesale Distribution Channels 
 The following table presents by segment the number of wholesale doors in our primary channels of distribution as of April 1, 2023: 
 Doors North America 3,324 Europe 5,339 Asia 612 Total 9,275 
 In addition to our conventional wholesale doors, our products are increasingly being sold through the websites of many of our traditional wholesale customers, as well as those of our third-party digital partners. As of April 1, 2023, our wholesale business served approximately 100 third-party digital partners, primarily in Europe. 
 We have three key wholesale customers that generate significant sales volume. During Fiscal 2023, sales to our three largest wholesale customers accounted for approximately 16 of our total net revenues. Substantially all sales to our three largest wholesale customers related to our North America segment. 
 Our products are sold primarily by our own sales forces. Our wholesale business maintains its primary showrooms in New York City, as well as regional showrooms in London, Madrid, Milan, Munich, Paris, and Stockholm. In addition, we utilize virtual showrooms, allowing our customers to experience and discover our product assortments in a retail setting remotely. 
 12 

Shop-within-Shops. As a critical element of our distribution to department stores, we and our licensing partners utilize shop-within-shops to enhance brand recognition, to permit more complete merchandising of our lines by the department stores, and to differentiate the presentation of our products. 
 The following table presents by segment the number of shop-within-shops in our primary channels of distribution as of April 1, 2023: 
 Shop-within-Shops North America 7,060 Europe 6,739 Asia 893 Total 14,692 
 The size of our shop-within-shops ranges from approximately 80 to 9,200 square feet. Shop-within-shop fixed assets primarily include items such as customized freestanding fixtures, wall cases and components, decorative items, and flooring. We normally share in the cost of building out these shop-within-shops with our wholesale customers. 
 Replenishment Program. Core products such as knit shirts, chino pants, oxford cloth shirts, select footwear accessories, and home products can be ordered by our wholesale customers at any time through our replenishment program. We generally ship these products within two to five days of order receipt. 
 Backlog. We generally receive wholesale orders approximately three to five months prior to the time the products are delivered to customers, except for orders received through our replenishment program which ship within two to five days of order receipt. Our wholesale orders are generally subject to broad cancellation rights. Further, the size of our order backlog depends on several factors, including the timing of the market weeks for our particular lines during which a significant percentage of our orders are received and the timing of shipments, which varies from year-to-year with consideration for holidays, consumer trends, concept plans, and the replenishment program's usage. Consequently, the dollar amount of our backlog as of any date may not be indicative of actual future shipments and therefore is not meaningful in understanding our business as a whole. 
 
 Our Licensing Business 
 Through licensing alliances, we combine our consumer insight, design, and marketing skills with the specific product or geographic competencies of our licensing partners to create and build new businesses. We generally seek out licensing partners who are leaders in their respective markets, contribute the majority of product development costs, provide the operational infrastructure required to support the business, and own the inventory. Our licensing business has been aggregated with other non-reportable segments. 
 Product Licensing 
 We grant our product licensees the right to access our various trademarks in connection with the licensees' manufacture and sale of designated products, such as certain apparel, eyewear, fragrances, and home furnishings. Each product licensing partner pays us royalties based upon its sales of our products, generally subject to a minimum royalty requirement for the right to use our trademarks and design services. In addition, our licensing partners may be required to allocate a portion of their revenues to advertising our products and sharing in the creative costs associated with these products. Larger allocations typically are required in connection with launches of new products or in new territories. Our license agreements generally have three to five-year terms and may grant the licensees conditional renewal options. 
 We work closely with all of our licensing partners to ensure that their products are developed, marketed, and distributed to reach the intended consumer and are presented consistently across product categories to convey the distinctive identity and lifestyle associated with our brands. Virtually all aspects of the design, production quality, packaging, merchandising, distribution, advertising, and promotion of Ralph Lauren products are subject to our prior approval and continuing oversight. We perform a broader range of services for most of our Ralph Lauren Home licensing partners than we do for our other licensing partners, including design, operating showrooms, marketing, and advertising. 
 13 

The following table lists our largest licensing agreements as of April 1, 2023 for the product categories presented. Except as noted in the table, these product licenses cover North America only. 
 Category Licensed Products Licensing Partners Men's Apparel Underwear and Sleepwear Hanesbrands, Inc. (includes Japan) Lauren, Ralph, and Chaps Tailored Clothing Peerless Clothing International, Inc. Chaps 5 Star Apparel LLC (includes South America and South Korea) Women's Apparel Outerwear S. Rothschild Co., Inc. Sleepwear Charles Komar and Sons, Inc. (includes Europe and the Middle East) Intimates and Sleepwear Delta Galil (global) Chaps 5 Star Apparel LLC (includes South America and South Korea) Beauty Products Fragrances, Cosmetics, and Skin Care L'Oreal S.A. (global) Footwear Men's and Women's Slippers and Children's Footwear BBC International LLC (global) Accessories Eyewear Luxottica Group S.p.A. (global) Socks and Hosiery Renfro Corporation Home Utility and Blankets Hollander Sleep Decor Lighting Visual Comfort of America LLC (global) 
 International Licensing 
 Our international licensing partners acquire the right to sell, promote, market, and/or distribute various categories of our products in a given geographic area and source products from us, our product licensing partners, and/or independent sources. International licensees' rights may include the right to own and operate retail stores. As of April 1, 2023, our international licensing partners operated 182 stores and shops. 
 
 Digital Ecosystem 
 Investing in our digital ecosystem remains a primary focus and is a key component of our integrated global omni-channel strategy that spans across owned and partnered channels, both physical and digital. Our digital ecosystem is comprised of directly-operated platforms, wholesale partner websites, third-party digital pure players, social commerce, and virtual economy platforms. 
 Our directly-operated digital commerce sites represent our digital flagships, featuring the most elevated expression of our brands. The strategy for our digital flagships is to deliver distinct and immersive brand experiences, continuously enhance consumer experience, and develop digital content that drives deeper consumer engagement and conversion. We have launched RalphLauren.com flagships across many new markets and introduced additional languages and payment methods globally. We continue to enhance consumer experiences and engagement with greater personalization, enhanced content, and augmented and virtual reality on our digital flagships and Ralph Lauren app. In connection with our long-term growth strategy, we also continue to scale and expand our Connected Retail capabilities to enhance the consumer experience and leverage inventory across direct-to-consumer channels with abilities such as same-day delivery which was launched in Fiscal 2023. 
 Our products are also sold through the digital commerce sites of many of our wholesale customers across the globe. With all partners in our ecosystem, we seek to showcase the brand consistently with our values. We collaborate with our key wholesale customers to deliver the right content to the right audience, and leverage consumer insights to develop a holistic, channel-agnostic view of our consumer. 
 We also sell our products online through various third-party digital pure-play sites to reach a broader audience of consumers, including younger consumers, and amplify our brand messages. On many of these sites, we have created digital shop-in-shop environments with a consistent brand experience, tailored product stories, and an assortment that is carefully curated by our merchants. We also partner closely with our pure-play customers on marketing content and events, as well as optimizing search and other data analyses to drive higher traffic and conversion for our brands. 
 14 

In connection with our digital commerce operations, we engage consumers through various digital and social media platforms, which are supported through our collaboration with influencers who have an authentic connection to our brand. Ralph Lauren brands are also represented in several virtual economy platforms, providing digital apparel offerings and virtual brand experiences in the metaverse that attract younger consumers. 
 
 Seasonality of Business 
 Our business is typically affected by seasonal trends, with higher levels of retail sales in our second and third fiscal quarters and higher wholesale sales in our second and fourth fiscal quarters. These trends result primarily from the timing of key vacation travel, back-to-school, and holiday shopping periods impacting our retail business and timing of seasonal wholesale shipments. As a result of changes in our business, consumer spending patterns, and the macroeconomic environment, including those resulting from pandemic diseases and other catastrophic events, historical quarterly operating trends and working capital requirements may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition, fluctuations in sales, operating income (loss), and cash flows in any fiscal quarter may be affected by other events affecting retail sales, such as changes in weather patterns. 
 Working capital requirements vary throughout the year. Working capital requirements typically increase during the first half of the fiscal year as inventory builds to support peak shipping/selling periods and, accordingly, typically decrease during the second half of the fiscal year as inventory is shipped/sold. Cash provided by operating activities is typically higher in the second half of the fiscal year due to reduced working capital requirements during that period. 
 
 Product Design 
 Our products reflect a timeless and innovative interpretation of American style with a strong international appeal. Our consistent emphasis on new and distinctive design has been an important contributor to the prominence, strength, and reputation of the Ralph Lauren brands. 
 Our Ralph Lauren products are designed by, and under the direction of, Mr. Ralph Lauren and our design teams. We form design teams around our brands and product categories to develop concepts, themes, and products for each brand and category. Through close collaboration with merchandising, sales, and product management staff, these teams support all of our businesses in order to gain market information and other valuable input. 
 
 Marketing and Advertising 
 Our marketing and advertising programs communicate the themes and images of our brands and are integral to the success of our product offerings. The majority of our advertising programs are created and executed by our in-house creative and advertising agency to ensure consistency of presentation, which are complemented by our marketing experts in each region who help to execute our international strategies. 
 We create distinctive image advertising for our brands, conveying the particular message of each one within the context of the overall Ralph Lauren aesthetic. Advertisements generally portray a lifestyle rather than a specific item and include a variety of products offered by us and, in some cases, our licensing partners. Our communication campaigns are increasingly being executed through digital and social media platforms to drive further engagement with the younger consumer. With regard to influencers, we believe in fostering long-term relationships with those who have an authentic connection to our brand and influence the areas of culture that matter most to our audiences. We also continue to advertise through print and outdoor media, and, to a lesser extent, through television and cinema. 
 Our digital advertising programs focus on high impact and innovative digital media outlets, which allow us to convey our key brand messages and lifestyle positioning. We also develop digital editorial initiatives that allow for deeper education and engagement around the Ralph Lauren lifestyle. We deploy these marketing and advertising initiatives through online, mobile, video, email, and social media. Our digital commerce sites present the Ralph Lauren lifestyle online, while offering a broad array of our apparel, footwear accessories, home, fragrances, and hospitality product lines. 
 Additionally, we advertise in consumer and trade publications, and participate in cooperative advertising on a shared cost basis with some of our retail and licensing partners. We have outdoor advertising placements in key cities as well, focusing on impact and reach. We also provide point-of-sale fixtures and signage to our wholesale customers to enhance the presentation of our products at their retail locations. In addition, when our licensing partners are required to spend an amount equal to a percentage of their licensed product sales on advertising, in certain cases we coordinate the advertising placement on their 
 15 

behalf. We believe our investments in shop-within-shop environments and retail stores, including our global flagship locations, contribute to and enhance the themes of our brands to consumers. 
 We also conduct a variety of public relations activities. For example, we typically introduce each of our spring and fall menswear and womenswear collections at press presentations in major cities such as New York City and Milan. Additionally, in October 2022, we held our first-ever West Coast fashion show, featuring our multi-brand, multi-gender ode to California Dreaming . Such fashion events, in addition to celebrity dressing occasions, including those related to red carpet events, weddings, and major sporting events, and events hosted in our stores and restaurants, including The Polo Bar in New York City, generate extensive domestic and international media and social coverage. 
 We are the official outfitter for all on-court officials at the Wimbledon, U.S. Open, and Australian Open tennis tournaments. These tournaments provide worldwide exposure for our brand in a relevant lifestyle environment. We also continue to be the exclusive Official Parade Outfitter for the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Teams, with the right to manufacture, distribute, advertise, promote, and sell products in the U.S. which replicate the Parade Outfits and associated leisure wear. Most recently, we dressed Team U.S.A. for the Winter Olympic Games in Beijing, China in 2022, and we will be dressing the team for the upcoming Summer Olympic Games in Paris, France in 2024, Winter Olympic Games in Milan, Italy in 2026, and Summer Olympic Games in Los Angeles, U.S. in 2028. As part of our involvement with Team U.S.A., we have established a partnership with athletes serving as brand ambassadors and as the faces of our advertising, marketing, and public relations campaigns. We are also the official apparel outfitter for the Professional Golfers' Association ("PGA") of America, the PGA Championship, the U.S. Golf Association, and the U.S. Ryder Cup Team, as well as a partner of the American Junior Golf Association. We sponsor a roster of professional golfers, including Billy Horschel, Andrea Lee, Doc Redman, Lilia Vu, Trevor Werbylo, Devon Bling, Nick Watney, Smylie Kaufman, Tom Watson, Davis Love III, and Jonathan Byrd. 
 We believe our partnerships with such prestigious global athletic events reinforce our brand's sporting heritage in a truly authentic way and serve to connect our Company and brands to our consumers through their individual areas of passion. 
 
 Sourcing, Production and Quality 
 We contract for the manufacture of our products and do not own or operate any production facilities. Over 300 different manufacturers worldwide produce our apparel, footwear accessories, and home products, with no one manufacturer providing more than 4 of our total production during Fiscal 2023. We source both finished products and raw materials. Raw materials include fabric, buttons, and other trim. Finished products consist of manufactured and fully assembled products ready for shipment to our customers. In Fiscal 2023, approximately 96 of our products (by dollar value) were produced outside of the U.S., primarily in Asia, Europe, and Latin America, with approximately 19 of our products sourced from China and 18 from Vietnam. See " Import Restrictions and Other Government Regulations, " Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Economic conditions could have a negative impact on our major customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business," and Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our business is subject to risks associated with importing products and the ability of our manufacturers to produce our goods on time and to our specifications ." 
 Most of our businesses must commit to the manufacturing of our garments before we sell finished goods, whether to wholly-owned retail stores or to wholesale customers. We also must commit to the purchase of fabric from mills well in advance of our sales. If we overestimate our primary customers' demand for a particular product or the need for a particular fabric or yarn, we primarily sell the excess products or garments made from such fabric or yarn in our outlet stores or through other secondary distribution channels. 
 Suppliers operate under the close supervision of our global manufacturing division. All products are produced according to our specifications and standards. Production and quality control staff in Asia, the Americas, the Middle East, and Europe monitor manufacturing at supplier facilities in order to correct problems prior to shipment of the final product. Procedures have been implemented under our vendor certification and compliance programs so that quality assurance is reviewed early in the production process, allowing merchandise to be received at the distribution facilities and shipped to customers with minimal interruption. 
 16 

Competition 
 Competition is very strong in the segments of the fashion and consumer product industries in which we operate. We compete with numerous designers and manufacturers of apparel, footwear, accessories, fragrances, and home products, both domestic and international. We also face increasing competition from companies selling our product categories through the Internet. Some of our competitors may be significantly larger and have substantially greater resources than us. We compete primarily on the basis of fashion, quality, value, and service, which depend on our ability to: 
 anticipate and respond in a timely fashion to changing consumer demands and shopping preferences, including the ever-increasing shift to digital brand engagement, social media communications, and online and cross-channel shopping; 
 create and maintain favorable brand recognition, loyalty, and a reputation for quality, including through digital brand engagement and online and social media presence; 
 develop and produce innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors, and styles that appeal to consumers of varying age groups; 
 competitively price our products and create an acceptable value proposition for consumers, including price increases to mitigate inflationary pressures while simultaneously balancing the risk of lower consumer demand in response to any such price increases; 
 provide strong and effective marketing support in several diverse demographic markets, including through digital and social media platforms in order to stay better connected to consumers; 
 establish relationships with athletes, musicians, influencers, and other celebrities to promote our brands and products; 
 provide attractive, reliable, secure, and user-friendly digital commerce sites; 
 adapt to changes in technology, including the successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning; 
 obtain sufficient retail floor space and effectively present our products to consumers; 
 attract consumer traffic to stores, shop-within-shops, and digital commerce sites; 
 source sustainable and traceable raw materials at cost-effective prices; 
 anticipate and maintain proper inventory levels; 
 ensure product availability and optimize supply chain and distribution efficiencies; 
 maintain and grow market share; 
 recruit and retain employees to operate our retail stores, distribution centers, and various corporate functions; 
 protect our intellectual property; and 
 withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions. 
 See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations We face intense competition worldwide in the markets in which we operate ." 
 17 

Distribution 
 To facilitate global distribution, our products are shipped from manufacturers to a network of distribution centers around the world for inspection, sorting, packing, and delivery to our retail locations and digital commerce and wholesale customers. This network includes the following primary distribution facilities: 
 Facility Location Geographic Region Serviced Facility Ownership N. Pendleton Street, High Point, North Carolina U.S. Owned NC Highway 66, High Point, North Carolina U.S. Leased Greensboro, North Carolina U.S. Leased Whitsett, North Carolina U.S. Leased Toronto, Ontario Canada Third-party Parma, Italy Europe and Latin America Third-party Yokohama, Japan Japan Third-party Bugok, South Korea South Korea Leased Tuen Mun, Hong Kong China and Southeast Asia (a) 
 Third-party 
 
 (a) Includes Australia, China, Hong Kong, India, Macau, Malaysia, New Zealand, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam. 
 All facilities are designed to allow for high-density cube storage and value-added services and utilize unit and carton tracking technology to facilitate process control and inventory management. The distribution network is managed through globally integrated information technology systems. 
 
 Information Systems 
 Our information systems facilitate business processes, consumer experiences, and decision-making support across the Company and our extended ecosystem of manufacturers, vendors, business partners, and customers. Our system applications are connected to support the flow of information across functions, including: 
 product design, sourcing, and production; 
 comprehensive order processing, fulfillment, and distribution; 
 retail store and digital commerce operations; 
 marketing and advertising; 
 financial accounting and management reporting; and 
 human resources. 
 Our retail operation systems, including point-of-sale registers and merchandising, planning, and inventory management systems, support operational processes within our store network and link with our digital commerce processes to support omni-channel capabilities. 
 We are continually improving and upgrading our computer systems, services, and software. For example, during Fiscal 2023, we expanded our integration of the supply network with demand management processes, created new business-to-business capabilities for wholesale sales management, and completed the upgrade of our global human resource systems. In addition, we continued to enhance our solutions for advanced analytics, furthering use of artificial intelligence ("AI") and machine learning ("ML") for areas such as forecasting, inventory management, marketing, and consumer-facing capabilities such as personalization. We implemented an internal AI/ML platform that enables use of data and machine learning for insights and operations broadly across the organization. Generative AI is being introduced to augment creative and content creation processes. We are also continually enhancing consumer experiences including the continued expansion of new Connected Retail Capabilities such as the digitization in our retail stores and optimization of inventory across direct-to-consumer channels. 
 18 

We have a longstanding information security risk program structured according to the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework, industry best practices, privacy legislation, and other global and local standards and regulations. This program includes a defense-in-depth approach with multiple layers of security controls, including network segmentation, security monitoring, endpoint protection, and identity and access management, as well as data protection best practices and data loss prevention controls. Our Audit Committee is updated on the overall performance of our information security risk program on a quarterly basis by our Chief Information Security Officer. 
 Our cybersecurity awareness program includes regular phishing simulations, annual general cybersecurity awareness, and data protection modules, as well as more contextual and personalized modules for targeted users and roles. We incorporate external expertise and guidance in all aspects of our cybersecurity program. We complete annual internal security audits and vulnerability assessments of the Company's information systems and related controls, including systems affecting personal data. In addition, we leverage cybersecurity specialists to complete annual external audits and objective assessments of our cybersecurity program and practices, including our data protection practices, as well as to conduct targeted attack simulations. We continually enhance our information security capabilities in order to protect against emerging threats, while also increasing our ability to detect and respond to cyber incidents and maximize our resilience to recover from potential cyber-attacks. We have a robust incident response plan in place that provides a documented runbook for handling high severity cybersecurity incidents and facilitates coordination across multiple parts of our Company. We also perform simulations and drills at both a technical and leadership level at least annually. Additionally, we have purchased network security and cyber liability insurance in order to provide a level of financial protection, should a data breach occur. 
 See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to Information Systems and Data Security A data security or privacy breach could damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers or employees, expose us to litigation risk, and adversely affect our business " and " Risk Factors Risks Related to Information Systems and Data Security Our business could suffer if our computer systems and websites are disrupted or cease to operate effectively ." 
 
 Wholesale Credit Control 
 We manage our own credit function. We sell our merchandise principally to major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners, and extend credit based on an evaluation of the wholesale customer's financial capacity and condition, usually without requiring collateral. We monitor credit levels and the financial condition of our wholesale customers on a continuing basis to minimize credit risk. We do not factor or underwrite our accounts receivables, nor do we maintain credit insurance to manage the risk of bad debts. In North America, collection and deduction transactional activities are provided through a third-party service provider. See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a limited number of large wholesale customers. Our business could be adversely affected as a result of consolidations, liquidations, restructurings, other ownership changes in the retail industry, and/or any financial instability of our large wholesale customers ." 
 
 Trademarks 
 We own the RALPH LAUREN, POLO, POLO RALPH LAUREN, and the famous Polo Player Design trademarks in the U.S. and over 120 countries worldwide. Other trademarks that we own include: 
 PURPLE LABEL; 
 DOUBLE RL; 
 RRL DESIGN; 
 RLX; 
 RL; 
 LAUREN RALPH LAUREN; 
 PINK PONY; 
 LAUREN; 
 RALPH; 
 POLO BEAR; 
 19 

CHAPS; and 
 Various other trademarks. 
 Mr. Ralph Lauren has the royalty-free right to use as trademarks RALPH LAUREN, DOUBLE RL, and RRL in perpetuity in connection with, among other things, beef and living animals. The trademarks DOUBLE RL and RRL are currently used by the Double RL Company, an entity wholly owned by Mr. R. Lauren. In addition, Mr. R. Lauren has the right to engage in personal projects involving film or theatrical productions (not including or relating to our business) through RRL Productions, Inc., a company wholly owned by Mr. R. Lauren. Any activity by these companies has no direct impact on us. 
 Our trademarks are the subject of registrations and pending applications throughout the world for use on a variety of items of apparel, apparel-related products and accessories, home furnishings, restaurant and caf services, online services and online publications, and beauty products, as well as in connection with retail services, and we continue to expand our worldwide usage and registration of related trademarks. In general, trademarks remain valid and enforceable as long as the marks are used in connection with the related products and services and the required registration renewals are filed. We regard the license to use the trademarks and our other proprietary rights in and to the trademarks as extremely valuable assets in marketing our products and, on a worldwide basis, vigorously seek to protect them against infringement. As a result of the appeal of our trademarks, our products have been the object of counterfeiting. While we have a broad enforcement program which has been generally effective in protecting our intellectual property rights and limiting the sale of counterfeit products in the U.S. and in most major markets abroad, we face greater challenges with respect to enforcing our rights against trademark infringement in certain parts of Asia. 
 In markets outside of the U.S., our rights to some or all of our trademarks may not be clearly established. Over the course of our international expansion, we have experienced conflicts with various third parties who have acquired ownership rights in certain trademarks, including POLO and/or a representation of a Polo Player Design, which impede our use and registration of our principal trademarks. While such conflicts are common and may arise again from time to time as we continue our international expansion, we have, in general, successfully resolved such conflicts in the past through both legal action and negotiated settlements with third-party owners of the conflicting marks (see Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not be adequately protected outside the U.S. " and Item 3 " Legal Proceedings " for further discussion). Although we have not suffered any material restraints or restrictions on doing business in desirable markets in the past, we cannot assure that significant impediments will not arise in the future as we expand product offerings and introduce trademarks to new markets. 
 
 Import Restrictions and Other Government Regulations 
 Virtually all of our merchandise imported into the Americas, Europe, Asia, Australia, and New Zealand is subject to duties. In addition, most of the countries to which we ship could impose safeguard quotas and duties to protect their local industries from import surges that threaten to create market disruption. The U.S. and other countries may also unilaterally impose additional duties in response to a particular product being imported at unfairly traded prices in such increased quantities that would cause (or threaten) injury to the relevant domestic industry (generally known as "anti-dumping" actions). If dumping is suspected in the U.S., the U.S. government may self-initiate a dumping case on behalf of the U.S. textile industry which could significantly affect our costs. Furthermore, additional duties, generally known as countervailing duties, can also be imposed by the U.S. government to offset subsidies provided by a foreign government to foreign manufacturers if the importation of such subsidized merchandise injures or threatens to injure a U.S. industry. 
 In addition, each of the countries in which our products are sold has laws and regulations covering imports. Because the U.S. and the other countries in which our products are manufactured and sold may, from time to time, impose new duties, tariffs, surcharges, or other import controls or restrictions, or adjust presently prevailing duty or tariff rates or levels, we maintain a program of intensive monitoring of import restrictions and opportunities. We seek to minimize our potential exposure to import-related risks through, among other measures, adjustments in product design and fabrication, shifts of production among countries and manufacturers, and through geographical diversification of our sources of supply. 
 As almost all of our products are manufactured by foreign suppliers, the enactment of new legislation or the administration of current international trade regulations or executive action affecting textile agreements, or changes in sourcing patterns could adversely affect our operations. See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, and Tax Matters Our ability to conduct business globally may be affected by a variety of legal, regulatory, political, and economic risks " and " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our business is subject to risks associated with importing products and the ability of our manufacturers to produce our goods on time and to our specifications. " 
 20 

We are also subject to other international trade agreements, such as the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, the Central American Free Trade Agreement, the U.S.-Peru Free Trade Agreement, the U.S.-Jordan Free Trade Agreement, the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement and other special trade preference programs. A portion of our imported products are eligible for certain of these duty-advantaged programs. 
 Apparel and other products sold by us are under the jurisdiction of multiple governmental agencies, including, in the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Customs Border Protection, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Consumer Products Safety Commission. Our products are also subject to regulation in the U.S. and other countries, including the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act, which relate principally to product labeling, licensing requirements, and consumer product safety requirements and regulatory testing, particularly with respect to products used by children. Any failure to comply with such requirements could result in significant penalties and require us to recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with these regulations, as well as applicable federal, state, local, and foreign rules and regulations governing the discharge of materials hazardous to the environment. Our licensed products, licensing partners, buying/sourcing agents, and the vendors and factories with which we contract for the manufacture and distribution of our products are also subject to regulation. Our agreements require our licensing partners, buying/sourcing agents, vendors, and factories to operate in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and we are not aware of any violations which could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results. 
 We are also subject to disclosure and reporting requirements, established under existing or new federal or state laws, such as the requirements to identify the origin and existence of certain "conflict minerals" under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and disclosures of specific actions to eradicate abusive labor practices in our supply chain under the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act. While we require our suppliers to operate in compliance with all applicable laws and our operating guidelines which promote ethical and socially responsible business practices, any violation of labor, environmental, health, and safety or other laws, or any divergence by an independent supplier's labor practices from generally accepted industry standards, could damage our reputation, disrupt our sourcing capabilities, and increase the cost of doing business, adversely affecting our results of operations. See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our business could suffer if we fail to comply with labor laws or if one of our manufacturers fails to use acceptable labor or environmental practices. " 
 Although we have not suffered any material restriction from doing business in desirable markets in the past, we cannot assure that significant impediments will not arise in the future as we expand product offerings and introduce additional trademarks to new markets. 
 
 Human Capital 
 Our purpose is to inspire the dream of a better life through authenticity and timeless style. This purpose extends to how we provide resources to support our employees' health, well-being, work-life harmony, and quality of life. We believe that attracting, developing, and retaining a diverse work force that is both skilled and motivated is critical to the successful execution of our long-term growth strategy. To this end, we are committed to creating a culture and work environment in which all employees feel welcome and can thrive, both as individuals and as part of our team. 
 Our Board of Directors regularly reviews our people and development strategy, including our employee diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives. 
 Our Employees 
 As of April 1, 2023, we had approximately 23,300 employees, comprised of approximately 14,900 full-time and 8,400 part-time employees. Approximately 10,400 of our employees are located in the U.S. and 12,900 are located in foreign countries. Three of our U.S. production employees in the womenswear business are members of Workers United (which was previously known as UNITE HERE) under an industry association collective bargaining agreement, which our womenswear subsidiary has adopted. We consider our relations with both our union and non-union employees to be good. 
 As of April 1, 2023, approximately 64 and 35 of our global workforce self-identified as female and male, respectively, with the remaining 1 electing not to disclose such information. In the U.S., approximately 61 of our workforce self-identified as an underrepresented race and ethnic group and 33 self-identified as White, with the remaining 6 electing not to disclose such information. 
 21 

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 We believe the diversity of our employees and our culture of inclusivity drive innovation and creativity, and we are committed to further strengthening such diversity and inclusion across race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, disability, and mental health and wellness, among other demographics, ensuring fairness for all. Our diversity, equity, and inclusion ("DE I") strategy is guided by the following five pillars: 
 1. Talent Ensure that fostering a culture of inclusion and belonging is a priority company-wide, resulting in the cultivation of diverse teams and elevation of underrepresented talent to leadership ranks. Throughout Fiscal 2023, we continued to achieve our goal of maintaining gender parity in our leadership ranks for Vice President and above. Additionally, we reached our goal of having at least 20 of our global leadership team being comprised of leaders from diverse racial and ethnic groups by the end of Fiscal 2023. We plan to continue driving progress toward other key representation targets, including ensuring that at least 10 of our global leadership team is Black, African, or African American. 
 2. Collaboration and Belonging Enable open dialogue and create safe spaces for the amplification of diverse voices and perspectives. During Fiscal 2023, we launched a new framework, shifting to a more customized approach to ensure accessibility for employees worldwide. Formerly called Employee Resource Groups, our newly renamed Employee Impact Groups ("EIGs") harness the talent and passion of our employees from around the world to help create an inclusive and diverse company culture, as well as learning and engagement opportunities. Our mission is to create EIGs that enable the organization to (i) deliver results that tie directly to our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate growth strategy by fostering a culture where all employees can thrive; (ii) advance a trustful and engaged work environment; (iii) boost inclusive leadership capabilities to promote a sense of belonging for all employees; and (iv) empower our employees to positively impact our workplace and the communities in which we live and serve. 
 3. Learning We remain dedicated to the growth and advancement of our talent and offer a wide range of development programs for all levels, including on-the-job training and coaching and skill-building through our various customized learning and training programs. All of our employee learning and development programs aim to promote our Ralph Lauren Success Drivers the key attributes, skills, ways of thinking, and behaviors that ultimately create conditions that better enable individuals and teams to succeed. Specific to DE I education, we continued to focus on inclusive leadership by rolling out a new "includership" program globally during Fiscal 2023. We are also continuing to evolve our cultural awareness training. 
 4. Communication and Messaging Maximize our inclusive message and increase the transparency of our DE I initiatives. We gather direct feedback from our employees and measure their engagement to better understand how we can improve. 
 5. Celebration and Recognition Appreciate our unique differences and increase educational events for all employees with a focus on diverse experiences. During Fiscal 2023, we increased educational and celebratory events focused on diverse experiences with over 70 virtual and in-person DE I events with 7,000 participants globally. Our DE I efforts have been recognized in recent years, including being named a Best Place to Work for LGTBQIA+, receiving 100 on the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index for three consecutive years, as well as being named Best Place to Advance for Women by Parity.org, also for three consecutive years. 
 Additional information relating to our DE I initiatives and goals can be found in our annual sustainability report, which is available at our website at http://investor.ralphlauren.com under the caption "Global Citizenship Sustainability Report." Our 2023 Global Citizenship Sustainability Report is expected to be published in June 2023. The content of our sustainability reports is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. 
 Talent Development 
 We continue our commitment to the growth and development of our employees and offer a wide range of development programs for all levels. In addition to receiving ongoing on-the-job training and coaching, our employees can build skills and prepare for the future through our learning platform, Ralph Lauren Learning. During Fiscal 2023, we amplified the education for our RL Success Drivers by creating development guides for all of our employees on how to unlock and apply the RL Success Drivers to their role. 
 22 

Our RL Learning Academy, representing a collection of customized collaborative and experiential learning programs rooted in the RL Success Drivers, continues to grow. During Fiscal 2023, all managers were trained on situational leadership and "includership" to support and foster our inclusive culture. Employee career progression at our distribution centers and stores was also a focus area this year, with programs launched to support career growth and management development. We also added new courses this year focused on responsive flexibility, inclusivity, and a range of learning on demand. In addition, we upgraded our Product Knowledge Learning, offering a range of in depth virtual and self-directed learning with a focus on high potential categories. These collective learning and development programs help foster career mobility for our employees, while simultaneously allowing us to fill a portion of our open positions with existing employees who know our company best. 
 Employee Safety and Well-Being 
 We are committed to the safety, health, and overall well-being of each of our employees and their families, providing a wide array of physical, emotional, social, and financial support to meet this objective. THRIVE, our global wellness program and related application tool, provides access to volunteer events and physical and mental wellness support. The THRIVE application also provides a daily pulse question through Microsoft Teams, which links to additional wellness articles based on an employee's response. In addition, these pulse responses are tracked so that employees can view their well-being progress. Further, our Europe business hosted workshops to educate all managers on mental health and how to support employees dealing with personal difficulties, with additional trainings planned in Fiscal 2024 for all of our employees worldwide. 
 Our priority continues to be to ensure the safety and well-being of all of our employees, customers, and the communities in which we operate in around the world. In this regard, for North America, in situations that make one feel unsafe, but do not warrant a call to 911, we launched a new program Bond making available the services of a security professional by an employee's side through an application, monitoring them and standing by to respond within seconds using voice, video, and chat. 
 During Fiscal 2023, we also expanded employee well-being services in the U.S. to include Gympass, a platform that offers resources to support one's body, mind, and mood, providing access to 12,000 fitness facilities nationwide at discounted prices, livestreamed group fitness classes, virtual personal training, and on-demand wellness partners providing fitness, meditations and mindfulness, mental health, and nutrition. In Asia, we launched Wellspace, a mobile app that helps employees improve mental and physical well-being. In Europe, we piloted mental health pop-ups for a period of two months in partnership with an Employee Assistance Program provider, enabling employees to participate in free 30-minute sessions with a trained therapist. In addition to these regional programs, we continue to host monthly wellness webinars globally and provide weekly meditation classes. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We are committed to providing competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain a diverse and talented workforce. We are also committed to achieving pay equity throughout our organization, conducting annual assessments in partnership with an independent firm who is a leader in workplace equity and creators of a comprehensive analytics software platform used to analyze our employee compensation based on gender, race, and ethnicity. 
 We offer a wide array of both employer-paid and employee-paid benefits to support our employees' overall financial, physical, and mental well-being, including, but not limited to, healthcare and welfare benefits, retirement savings, paid time off, temporary leave, sabbaticals, and flexible work arrangements. During Fiscal 2023, we further expanded our medical benefits in the U.S. to include a new lower-cost medical option, previously only available to our part-time employees. We also provide our employees with a merchandise discount on most of our products. 
 As we continue to ensure employees can access benefits information easily and in real-time, as well as finding new ways to communicate with our retail population, we have recently launched a flexible benefits platform in the United Kingdom, Benify, and plan to extend the program to more countries in the future. This platform enables employees to select relevant benefits that fit their needs and lifestyle, access benefits information directly from their mobile or laptop, and submit their benefits selections on the platform. The platform also offers a communications module to send push notifications via the mobile app when an action is required from an employee. 
 23 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 As of the filing date of this Form 10-K, the following are our current executive officers and their principal recent business experience: 
 Ralph Lauren 
 Age 83 Mr. Ralph Lauren founded our business in 1967 and, for five decades, has cultivated the iconography of America into a global lifestyle brand. He has been our Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer since November 2015, and a director of the Company since prior to our initial public offering in 1997. He had previously been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since prior to our initial public offering in 1997 until November 2015. In addition, he was previously a member of our Advisory Board or the Board of Directors of our predecessors since their organization. Patrice Louvet 
 Age 58 Mr. Louvet has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, and a director of the Company since July 2017. Prior to joining the Company, he served as the Group President, Global Beauty, of Procter Gamble Co. ("P G") since February 2015. Prior to that role, Mr. Louvet held successively senior leadership positions at P G, including the roles of Group President, Global Grooming (Gillette), and President of P G's Global Prestige Business. Before he joined P G, he served as a Naval Officer, Admiral Aide de Camp in the French Navy from 1987 to 1989. Mr. Louvet graduated from cole Sup rieure de Commerce de Paris and received his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois. He has served as a member of the board of directors of the National Retail Federation since January 2020. Mr. Louvet also serves on the board of trustees of the Hospital of Special Surgery and recently joined the board of directors of Danone in April 2022. He is also on the CEO Advisory Council of the Fashion Pact, a coalition committed to advancing environmental sustainability in the fashion and textile industries. Jane Hamilton Nielsen 
 Age 59 Ms. Nielsen has been our Chief Financial Officer since September 2016 and our Chief Operating Officer since March 2019. She served as Chief Financial Officer of Coach, Inc. from September 2011 to August 2016. From 2009 to 2011, she was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PepsiCo Beverages Americas and the Global Nutrition Group, divisions of PepsiCo, Inc., with responsibility for all financial management including financial reporting, performance management, capital allocation, and strategic planning. Prior to that, Ms. Nielsen held various senior roles in finance at PepsiCo, Inc. and Pepsi Bottling Group starting in 1996. She also serves on the board of directors of Mondelez International since May 2021, and previously served on the board of directors of Pinnacle Foods Inc. Ms. Nielsen received her M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School and B.A. from Smith College. David Lauren 
 Age 51 Mr. David Lauren has been our Chief Branding and Innovation Officer, Strategic Advisor to the CEO, and Vice Chairman of the Board since April 2022. He served as our Chief Innovation Officer, Strategic Advisor to the CEO, and Vice Chairman of the Board from October 2016 to March 2022. Prior to that, he served in numerous leadership roles at the Company with responsibility for advertising, marketing, communications, and philanthropy. He has been a director of the Company since August 2013. Mr. D. Lauren oversees the Company's innovation strategy, processes, and capabilities to drive its brand strength and financial performance across all channels. He has been instrumental in growing the Company's global digital commerce business and pioneering our technology initiatives. Mr. D. Lauren is also the President of The Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation (formerly known as The Polo Ralph Lauren Foundation). Before joining the Company in 2000, he was Editor-In-Chief and President of Swing, a general interest publication for Generation X. Mr. D. Lauren is the son of Mr. R. Lauren. 
 24 

Halide Alag z 
 Age 51 Ms. Alag z joined the Company as the Corporate Senior Vice President of Global Manufacturing and Sourcing in 2016. She has been our Chief Product Officer since March 2021. Ms. Alag z is responsible for our end-to-end product life cycle, bringing the magic of our design and product vision to life for our consumers around the world. She leads our Polo, RRL, and Lauren brand teams and additionally drives innovation and the seamless execution from development through sourcing of all products across the Ralph Lauren portfolio. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Alag z was with H M Corporation for 18 years, most recently in Hong Kong as the Head of Purchasing. During her tenure with H M, Ms. Alag z was responsible for various regional and global supply chain operations in Hong Kong, China, Bangladesh, and Turkey. She also serves on the board of directors of the American Apparel Footwear Association since April 2018 and was confirmed as its Secretary for its 2023-2024 term in March 2023. Ms. Alag z earned both her bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering and her master's degree in Engineering Management from Istanbul Technical University. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There are risks associated with an investment in our securities. The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risk factors could materially adversely affect our business, including our prospects, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the trading price of our securities, and/or the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view as immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business in future periods or if circumstances change. 
 Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions 
 Economic, political, and other conditions may adversely affect the level of consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products. 
 The industries in which we operate are cyclical. Many economic and other factors outside of our control affect the level of consumer spending in the apparel, footwear accessories, home, fragrances, and hospitality industries, including, among others, man-made or natural disasters, including pandemic diseases; consumer perceptions of personal well-being and safety; consumer perceptions of current and future economic conditions; employment levels and wage rates; stock market performance; inflation; interest rates; foreign currency exchange rates; the housing market; consumer debt levels; the availability of consumer credit; the health and stability of the banking sector; the availability and price of commodities, including fuel and energy costs; global food supplies; taxation; general domestic and international political conditions; the threat, outbreak, or escalation of terrorism, military conflicts, or other hostilities; and weather conditions. 
 Consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products, tend to decline during periods of recession, high inflation, or rising interest rates, and at other times when disposable income is lower. Unfavorable economic conditions and other factors, such as pandemic diseases and other health-related concerns, political unrest, military conflicts, and acts of terrorism, may also reduce consumers' willingness and ability to travel to major cities and vacation destinations in which our stores and shop-within-shops are located. Further, consumers may prefer to spend more of their discretionary income on "experiences," such as dining and entertainment, over consumer goods. Stay-at-home orders, social gathering restrictions, and work-from-home arrangements, such as those resulting from pandemic diseases, may also diminish consumers' demand for luxury apparel products. Accordingly, a downturn or an uncertain outlook in the economies in which we, or our wholesale customers and licensing partners, sell our products, or other changes in consumer preferences, may materially adversely affect our business. 
 See Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Global Economic Conditions and Industry Trends" for additional discussion. 
 Economic conditions could have a negative impact on our major customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Although we believe that our existing cash and investments, cash provided by operations, and available borrowing capacity under our credit and overdraft facilities and commercial paper borrowing program will provide us with sufficient liquidity, the impact of economic conditions on our major third-party customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders and their ability to access global capital markets cannot be predicted. The inability of third parties to manufacture and/or ship our products due to insufficient liquidity or otherwise could impair our ability to meet the delivery date requirements of our 
 25 

customers. A disruption in the ability of our significant customers to access liquidity could cause serious disruptions or an overall deterioration of their businesses which could lead to a significant reduction in their future orders of our products and the inability or failure on their part to meet their payment obligations to us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Any deterioration in global financial or capital markets could affect our ability to access sources of liquidity to provide for our future cash needs, increase the cost of any future financing, or cause our lenders to be unable to meet their funding commitments under our credit and overdraft facilities. We also regularly maintain domestic cash deposits in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") insured banks, which exceed the FDIC insurance limits. In addition, we maintain cash deposits in foreign banks where we operate, some of which are not insured or are only partially insured by the FDIC or other similar agencies. Bank failures, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may lead to liquidity constraints. The failure of a bank, or other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, could adversely impact our liquidity and financial performance. There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the FDIC or other comparable insurance limits will be backstopped by the U.S. or applicable foreign government, or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions, or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. Our major customers, suppliers, and vendors may also be subject to similar risks, which in turn could have a resulting material adverse impact on our business if they were to lose access to sufficient liquidity. 
 Infectious disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by infectious disease outbreaks, such as the novel strain of coronavirus commonly referred to as COVID-19. COVID-19 emerged during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020 and spread rapidly across the globe, including throughout all major geographies in which we operate, resulting in adverse economic conditions and widespread business disruptions. Since then, governments worldwide have periodically imposed varying degrees of preventative and protective actions, such as temporary travel bans, stay-at-home orders, and forced business closures or other operational restrictions, including reduced capacity limits and operating hours, all in an effort to reduce the spread of the virus. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced varying degrees of business disruptions since its beginning, including periods of closure of our stores, distribution centers, and corporate facilities, as have our wholesale customers, licensing partners, suppliers, and vendors, as described in Item 1 "Business Recent Developments." Collectively, these disruptions have had a material adverse impact on our business throughout the pandemic, most notably during Fiscal 2021. The pandemic continues to evolve, with resurgences and outbreaks occurring in certain parts of the world during Fiscal 2023, including those resulting from variant strains of the virus. While the impact of these disruptions has generally been less significant than those experienced in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022, we cannot predict for how long and to what extent this crisis may continue to impact our business operations, the global supply chain, or the overall global economy. Potential impacts to our business include, but are not limited to: (i) our ability to successfully execute our long-term growth strategy; (ii) supply chain disruptions resulting from closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, shipping and loading capacity constraints, and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas, including any related cost increases; (iii) reduced retail traffic at our stores and those of our wholesale customers and licensing partners due to forced closures or other operational restrictions, such as reduced capacity limits and operating hours, declines in tourism, and/or potential changes in consumer behavior and shopping preferences, such as their willingness to congregate in shopping centers or other populated locations and the overall growing preference to shop online versus at traditional brick and mortar locations; (iv) potential declines in the level of consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products, caused by higher unemployment and lower disposal income levels, inflationary pressures, travel and social gathering restrictions, work-from-home arrangements, or other factors beyond our control; (v) the potential build-up of excess inventory as a result of store closures and/or lower consumer demand; (vi) temporary closures or other operational restrictions of our distribution centers and/or corporate facilities; (vii) our ability to attract, retain, and manage employees in the current environment, which includes remote working arrangements; (viii) additional costs to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, and communities, such as more frequent and thorough cleanings of our facilities and supplying personal protection equipment; (ix) the potential loss of one or more of our significant wholesale customers or licensing partners, or the loss of a large number of smaller wholesale customers or licensing partners, if they are not able to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions, and our ability to collect outstanding receivables; (x) increased vulnerability to data security or privacy breaches as a result of a substantial portion of our corporate employees working remotely for part of the work week; (xi) our ability to successfully negotiate with landlords to obtain rent abatements, rent deferrals, and other relief; (xii) our ability to access capital markets and maintain compliance with covenants associated with our existing debt instruments, as well as the ability of our key customers, suppliers, and vendors to do the same with regard to their own obligations; (xiii) our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to support our operations, including repayment of our debt obligations as they become due, as well as to return value to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock; (xiv) diversion of management 
 26 

attention and resources from ongoing business activities and/or a decrease in employee morale; and (xv) our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Additional discussion related to the various risks and uncertainties described above is included elsewhere within this "Risk Factors" section of this Form 10-K. 
 Our business is exposed to domestic and foreign currency fluctuations. 
 Our business is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. Specifically, changes in exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and other currencies impact our financial results from a transactional perspective, as our foreign operations generally purchase inventory in U.S. Dollars. Given that we source most of our products overseas, the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the relevant currencies. Changes in currency exchange rates may also impact consumers' willingness or ability to travel abroad and/or purchase our products while traveling, as well as affect the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency denominated prices at which our international businesses sell products. Additionally, the operating results and financial position of our international subsidiaries are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as their financial results are translated from the respective local currency into U.S. Dollars during the financial statement consolidation process. The foreign currencies to which we are exposed to from a transactional and translational perspective primarily include the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the South Korean Won, the Australian Dollar, the Canadian Dollar, the British Pound Sterling, the Swiss Franc, and the Chinese Renminbi. The expansion of our international business increases our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. 
 Although we hedge certain exposures to changes in foreign currency exchange rates arising in the ordinary course of business, we cannot fully anticipate all of our currency exposures and therefore foreign currency fluctuations may have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, factors that could impact the effectiveness of our hedging activities include the volatility of currency markets, the accuracy of forecasted transactions, and the availability of hedging instruments. As such, our hedging activities may not completely mitigate the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. See Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Market Risk Management." 
 Risks Related to our Strategic Initiatives and Restructuring Activities 
 We cannot assure the successful implementation of our growth strategy. 
 We have developed a long-term growth strategy with the objective of delivering sustainable, profitable growth and long-term value creation for shareholders, as outlined in Item 1 "Business Objectives and Opportunities." Our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy is subject to various risks and uncertainties, as described herein. 
 Although we believe that our growth strategy will lead to long-term growth in revenue and profitability, there can be no assurance regarding the timing of or extent to which we will realize the anticipated benefits, if at all. Our failure to realize the anticipated benefits, which may be due to our inability to execute the various elements of our growth strategy, changes in consumer preferences, competition, economic conditions (including recent inflationary and foreign currency pressures), and other risks described herein, such as those related to pandemic diseases and supply chain challenges, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Such a failure could also result in the implementation of new restructuring-related activities, which may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term. 
 Achievement of our growth strategy may require investment in new capabilities, distribution channels, and technologies. These investments may result in short-term costs without accompanying current revenues and, therefore, may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term. There can be no assurance regarding the timing of or extent to which we will realize the anticipated benefits of these investments and other costs, if at all. 
 We may not be successful in the expansion of our multi-channel distribution network or accelerating growth in certain product categories. 
 Implementation of our growth strategy involves the continuation and expansion of our multi-channel distribution network, including within international markets such as China, which is subject to many factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to (i) identify new or underpenetrated markets where our products and brand will be accepted by consumers; (ii) attract customers, particularly in new markets; (iii) identify desirable freestanding and department store locations, the availability of which may be out of our control; (iv) negotiate acceptable lease terms, including desired tenant improvement allowances; (v) efficiently and cost effectively build-out stores and shop-within-shops; (vi) source sufficient inventory levels timely to meet the needs of the new stores and shop-within-shops; (vii) hire, train, and retain competent store personnel; and (viii) integrate new stores and shop-within-shops into our existing systems and operations. 
 27 

Any of these challenges could delay or otherwise prevent us from successfully executing our distribution expansion strategy. There can be no assurance that our new stores and shop-within-shops will be successful and profitable or if the capital costs associated with the build-out of such new locations will be recovered. Further, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new or existing competitors that have a more established market presence than us or other competitive advantages. Other risks related to our international expansion plans include (i) changes in general economic conditions in specific countries and markets, including those resulting from pandemic diseases, civil or political instability, or military conflicts; (ii) changes in diplomatic and trade relationships and any resulting anti-American sentiment; (iii) foreign government regulation; and (iv) restrictions on the repatriation of funds held internationally, among other risks described herein. If our expansion plans are unsuccessful or do not deliver an appropriate return on our investments, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 The success of our business also depends largely on our ability to continue to maintain, enhance, and expand our digital footprint and capabilities. In recent years, consumers have been increasingly shopping online using computers, smartphones, tablets, and other devices, and using such devices to perform comparison shopping on a real-time basis. The COVID-19 pandemic has further amplified this trend due in part to travel bans, stay-at-home orders, forced business closures, and other operational restrictions, which impede upon the ease at which consumers can shop at brick and mortar locations. Many consumers may also prefer to avoid populated locations, such as indoor shopping centers, in fear of exposing themselves to the virus or other infectious diseases. Any failure on our part, or on the part of our third-party digital partners, to provide attractive, reliable, secure, and user-friendly digital commerce platforms, including mobile apps, could negatively impact our customers' shopping experience resulting in reduced website traffic, diminished loyalty to our brands, and lost sales. In addition, as we continue to expand and increase the global presence of our digital commerce business, sales from our brick and mortar stores and wholesale channels of distribution in areas where digital commerce sites are introduced may decline due to changes in consumer shopping habits and cannibalization. 
 Our growth strategy also includes accelerating growth in certain high-potential, underdeveloped product categories, comprised of outerwear, home, and womenswear. We compete with other retailers in these product categories, some of which may be significantly larger than us and more established in these product categories, and competition is intense, as described within other risk factors herein. There can be no assurance that our targeted expansion in these product categories will be successful. 
 The success of our business depends on our ability to respond to constantly changing fashion and retail trends and consumer preferences in a timely manner, develop products that resonate with our existing customers and attract new customers, and provide a seamless shopping experience to our customers. 
 The industries in which we operate have historically been subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences. Our success depends in large part on our ability to originate and define fashion product and home product trends, as well as to anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner. Our products must appeal to a broad range of consumers worldwide across various price points whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change, influenced by fashion trends, economic conditions, and weather conditions, among other factors. This issue is further compounded by the increasing use of digital and social media by consumers and the speed by which information and opinions are shared across the globe. We cannot assure that we will be able to continue to develop appealing styles or successfully meet constantly changing consumer preferences in the future. In addition, we cannot assure that any new products or brands that we introduce will be successfully received by consumers. Any failure on our part to anticipate, identify, and respond effectively to changing consumer preferences and fashion trends could adversely affect consumer acceptance of our products and leave us with a substantial amount of unsold inventory or missed opportunities. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business. For a discussion of risks related to our inventory management, see "Risks Related to our Strategic Initiatives and Restructuring Activities Our profitability may decline if we are unable to effectively manage inventory or as a result of increasing pressure on margins." 
 Our marketing and advertising programs are integral to the success of our product offerings and on our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers. Our communication campaigns are increasingly being executed through digital and social media platforms to drive further engagement with the younger consumer, with a focus on influencers. However, we cannot assure that our marketing and advertising programs will be successful or appeal to consumers. 
 The success of our business also depends on our ability to continue to develop and maintain a reliable omni-channel experience for our customers, as well as our ability to introduce new Connected Retail capabilities, such as virtual selling appointments, Buy Online-Ship from Store, Buy Online-Pick Up in Store, and mobile checkout and contactless payments, among other capabilities. Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to a shopping experience through multiple technologies, including computers, smartphones, tablets, and other devices, as our customers have become increasingly technologically savvy and expect a seamless omni-channel experience regardless of whether they are shopping in stores or online. We are increasingly using digital and social media platforms to interact with customers and enhance their shopping 
 28 

experience. If we are unable to develop and continuously improve our customer-facing technologies, the efforts of which typically require significant capital investments, we may not be able to provide a convenient and consistent experience to our customers regardless of the sales channel. This could negatively affect our ability to compete with other retailers and result in diminished loyalty to our brands, which could adversely impact our business. 
 Our retail stores are generally located in shopping malls or other shopping centers. Our sales at such stores, as well as our flagship locations, are largely dependent upon the volume of retail traffic in those shopping centers and the surrounding area. Retail traffic to our stores has been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by disruptions caused by adverse economic conditions, pandemic diseases, severe weather conditions, and other various factors beyond our control. Any significant declines in retail traffic in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We have also implemented, and expect to continue to implement, new store design concepts and other renovations to our existing store portfolio as part of our growth strategy. There can be no assurance that any of our store designs will resonate with customers or otherwise achieve the desired sales and profitability measures necessary to recover our initial capital investments, and such risks may be further compounded during periods of adverse economic conditions. If customers are not receptive to the design layout or visual merchandising of our stores, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, the failure of our store designs to achieve acceptable results could lead to asset impairment charges and/or our decision to close a store prior to the lease expiration date resulting in other store closure-related charges, including early lease termination fees. For additional discussion of risks related to the early termination of our leases, see "Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our business is subject to risks associated with leasing real estate and other assets under long-term, non-cancellable leases." 
 Our profitability may decline if we are unable to effectively manage inventory or as a result of increasing pressure on margins. 
 We have implemented key strategic initiatives designed to optimize our inventory levels and improve the efficiency and responsiveness of our supply chain. Although we have shortened lead times for the design, sourcing, and production of certain of our product lines, we expect to continue to place orders with our vendors for the majority of products in advance of the related selling season. As a result, we are vulnerable to changes in consumer preferences and demand and pricing shifts. Our failure to continue to shorten lead times or to correctly anticipate consumer preferences and demand could result in the build-up of excess inventory. Other factors beyond our control could also result in the build-up of excess inventory, including unforeseen adverse economic conditions or business disruptions, such as those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Excess inventory levels could result in the utilization of less-preferred distribution channels, markdowns, promotional sales, donations, or destruction to dispose of such excess or slow-moving inventory, which may negatively impact our overall profitability and/or impair the image of our brands. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which may negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty, and result in lost sales. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Additionally, our industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors, including intense competition and a highly promotional retail environment, consolidation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce the costs of products, and changes in consumer spending patterns. Although we continue to limit our promotional activity in connection with our quality of sales initiatives, these factors may cause us to reduce our sales prices to retailers and consumers, which could cause our gross margin to decline if we are unable to appropriately manage inventory levels and/or otherwise offset price reductions with comparable reductions in our costs. If our sales prices decline and we fail to sufficiently reduce our product costs or operating expenses, our profitability will decline. In addition, changes in our customer, channel, and geographic sales mix could have a negative impact on our profitability. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring plans. 
 We have implemented restructuring plans to support key strategic initiatives, such as the Fiscal 2021 Strategic Realignment Plan, as described in Item 1 "Business Recent Developments." Although designed to deliver long-term sustainable growth, restructuring plans present significant potential risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and/or cost reductions, or otherwise harm our business, including (i) higher than anticipated costs in implementing planned workforce reductions, particularly in highly regulated locations outside the U.S.; (ii) higher than anticipated lease termination and store or facility closure costs (see "Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our business is subject to risks associated with leasing real estate and other assets under long-term, non-cancellable leases" ); (iii) failure to meet operational targets or customer requirements due to the loss of employees or inadequate transfer of knowledge; (iv) failure to maintain adequate controls and procedures while executing, and subsequent to completing, our restructuring plans; (v) diversion of management attention and resources from ongoing business activities and/or a decrease in employee 
 29 

morale; (vii) attrition beyond any planned reduction in workforce; and (viii) damage to our reputation and brand image due to our restructuring-related activities. 
 If we are not successful in implementing and managing our restructuring plans, we may not be able to achieve targeted operating enhancements, sales growth, and/or cost reductions, which could adversely impact our business. Our failure to achieve targeted results for any reason, including business disruptions resulting from adverse economic conditions or catastrophic events such as pandemic diseases, could also lead to the implementation of additional restructuring-related activities, which may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term. 
 Risks Related to our Business and Operations 
 The loss of the services of Mr. Ralph Lauren or any other changes to our executive and senior management team may be disruptive to, or cause uncertainty in, our business. 
 Mr. Ralph Lauren's leadership in the design and marketing areas of our business has been a critical element of our success since the inception of our Company. Mr. R. Lauren is instrumental to, and closely identified with, our brand that bears his name. Our ability to maintain our brand image and leverage the goodwill associated with Mr. R. Lauren's name may be damaged if we were to lose his services. The death or disability of Mr. R. Lauren or other extended or permanent loss of his services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to him or arising from his loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We also depend on the service and management experience of other key executive officers and members of senior management who have substantial experience and expertise in our industry and our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. Competition in our industry to attract and retain these employees is intense and is influenced by our reputation, our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefits, and economic conditions, among other factors. Any changes in our executive and senior management team, including those resulting from our restructuring actions, may be disruptive to, or cause uncertainty in, our business and future strategic direction. The departure of any key individual and the failure to ensure a smooth transition and effective transfer of knowledge involving senior employees could hinder or delay our strategic planning and execution, as well as adversely affect our ability to attract and retain other experienced and talented employees. Furthermore, the retail industry (among others) has been adversely affected by overall labor shortages resulting from a combination of the COVID-19 pandemic, labor disputes, strikes, and other factors. The introduction of new work arrangements and company-specific requirements regarding when and how often employees are required to work on-site versus remotely may also impact companies' ability to attract and retain employees. The departure of key individuals or our failure to maintain sufficient employee staffing levels could have a material adverse impact on our business, as well as impede our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 We are not protected by a material amount of key-man or similar life insurance covering our executive officers, including Mr. R. Lauren, or other members of senior management. We have entered into employment agreements with certain of our executive officers, but competition for experienced executives in our industry is intense and the non-compete period with respect to certain of our executive officers could, in some circumstances in the event of their termination of employment with our Company, end prior to the employment term set forth in their employment agreements. 
 We face intense competition worldwide in the markets in which we operate. 
 We face increasing competition from companies selling apparel, footwear, accessories, home, and other of our product categories through the Internet. Although we sell our products through the Internet, increased competition and promotional activity in the worldwide apparel, footwear, accessory, and home product industries from Internet-based competitors could reduce our sales, prices, and margins. We also face intense competition from other domestic and foreign fashion-oriented apparel, footwear, accessory, and casual apparel producers that sell products through brick and mortar stores and wholesale and licensing channels. We compete with these companies primarily on the basis of: (i) anticipating and responding in a timely fashion to changing consumer demands and shopping preferences, including the ever-increasing shift to digital brand engagement, social media communications, and online and cross-channel shopping; (ii) creating and maintaining favorable brand recognition, loyalty, and a reputation for quality, including through digital brand engagement and online and social media presence; (iii) developing and producing innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors, and styles that appeal to consumers of varying age groups; (iv) competitively pricing our products and creating an acceptable value proposition for consumers, including price increases to mitigate inflationary pressures while simultaneously balancing the risk of lower consumer demand in response to any such price increases; (v) providing strong and effective marketing support in several diverse demographic markets, including through digital and social media platforms in order to stay better connected to consumers; (vi) establishing relationships with athletes, musicians, influencers, and other celebrities to promote our brands and products; (vii) providing attractive, reliable, secure, and user-friendly digital commerce sites; (viii) adapting to changes in technology, including the successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning; (ix) obtaining sufficient retail floor space 
 30 

and effective presentation of our products at stores and shop-within-shops; (x) attracting consumer traffic to stores, shop-within-shops, and digital commerce sites; (xi) sourcing sustainable and traceable raw materials at cost-effective prices; (xii) anticipating and maintaining proper inventory levels; (xiii) ensuring product availability and optimizing supply chain and distribution efficiencies with third-party manufacturers and retailers; (xiv) maintaining and growing market share; (xv) recruiting and retaining employees to operate our retail stores, distribution centers, and various corporate functions; (xvi) protecting our intellectual property; and (xvii) ability to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions. 
 Some of our competitors may be significantly larger and more diversified and may have greater financial, marketing, and distribution resources, more desirable store locations, and/or greater digital commerce presence than us, among other competitive advantages. Such competitive advantages may enable them to better withstand unfavorable economic conditions, compete more effectively on the basis of price and production, and/or more quickly respond to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences than us. In addition, technological advances and the retail industry's low barriers to entry allow for the introduction of new competitors and products at a rapid pace, which has been further compounded by the increasing shift to digital shopping channels. Any increased competition, or our failure to adequately address any of these competitive factors, could result in reduced market share or sales, which could adversely affect our business. 
 The success of our business depends on our ability to retain the value and reputation of our brands. 
 Our success depends on the value and reputation of our brands and our ability to consistently anticipate, identify, and respond to customers' demands, preferences, and fashion trends in the design, pricing, and production of our products, including the preference for certain products to be manufactured in the U.S., and deliver high-quality and sustainable products supported by engaging marketing campaigns. Any negative publicity regarding Mr. R. Lauren, or other members of our executive and senior management team, or our Company as a whole, especially through social media which accelerates and increases the potential scope of negative publicity, could adversely impact the image of our brands with our customers and result in diminished loyalty to our brands and potentially lead to adverse consumer actions, including boycotts, even if the subject of such publicity is unverified or inaccurate and we seek to correct it. Consumer sentiment can also be influenced by our partnership with athletes and other public figures, our views on political and social issues, or the location or production methods of our suppliers. Even if we react appropriately to negative publicity, our customers' perception of our brand image and our reputation could be negatively impacted. Any failure on our part to retain the value and reputation of brands could adversely impact our business. 
 Our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not be adequately protected outside the U.S. 
 Our trademarks, intellectual property, and other proprietary rights are extremely important to our success and our competitive position. We devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and anti-counterfeiting activities worldwide. However, significant counterfeiting and imitation of our products continue to exist. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect trademarks or other proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. and, as a result, our intellectual property may be more vulnerable and difficult to protect in such countries. Over the course of our international expansion, we have experienced conflicts with various third parties that have acquired or claimed ownership rights to some of our key trademarks that include Polo and/or a representation of a polo player astride a horse, or otherwise have contested our rights to our trademarks. We have resolved certain of these conflicts through both legal action and negotiated settlements. We cannot guarantee that the actions we have taken to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary rights will be adequate to prevent counterfeiting, lost business, or brand dilution, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to challenge brands imitating our products. Also, there can be no assurance that others will not assert rights in, or ownership of, trademarks and other proprietary rights of ours or that we will be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction or at all. See Item 1 "Business Trademarks," and Item 3 "Legal Proceedings." 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with importing products and the ability of our manufacturers to produce our goods on time and to our specifications. 
 We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and depend exclusively on independent third parties for the manufacture of our products. Our products are manufactured to our specifications through arrangements with over 300 foreign manufacturers in various countries. In Fiscal 2023, approximately 96 of our products (by dollar value) were produced outside of the U.S., primarily in Asia, Europe, and Latin America, with approximately 19 of our products sourced from China and 18 from Vietnam. Risks inherent in importing our products include (i) changes in social, political, and economic conditions, including those resulting from military conflicts, terrorist acts, or other hostilities, that could result in the disruption of trade from the countries in which our manufacturers or suppliers are located; (ii) pandemic diseases, such as COVID-19, which could result in closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, port congestion, and scrutiny or embargoing of goods 
 31 

produced in infected areas; (iii) changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including the imposition of any sanctions, restrictions, and other responses, including those issued by the U.S. and other countries against Russia, or any other countries, in response to Russia's war with Ukraine; (iv) the imposition of additional regulations, quotas, trade sanctions, or safeguards relating to imports or exports, and costs of complying with such regulations and other laws relating to the identification and reporting of the sources of raw materials used in our products, which could lead to the detention, exclusion, or seizure of goods and imposition of monetary penalties and fines; (v) the imposition of additional duties, tariffs, taxes, and other charges on imports or exports; (vi) unfavorable changes in the availability, cost, or quality of raw materials and commodities; (vii) increases in the cost of labor, travel, and transportation; (viii) disruptions of shipping and international trade caused by natural and man-made disasters, labor shortages (stemming from labor disputes, strikes, or otherwise), or other unforeseen events, including any resulting impact to shipping prices; (ix) heightened terrorism-related cargo and supply chain security concerns, which could subject imported or exported goods to additional, more frequent, or more thorough inspections, leading to delays in the delivery of cargo; and (x) decreased scrutiny by customs officials for counterfeit goods, leading to lost sales, increased costs for our anti-counterfeiting measures, and damage to the reputation of our brands. 
 The entire apparel industry, including our Company, continues to face supply chain challenges as a result of inflationary pressures, political instability, COVID-19-related business disruptions, and other factors, including reduced freight availability, port congestion, labor shortages, and rising wages and energy costs, among other factors. The inability of a manufacturer to ship orders of our products in a timely manner or to meet our strict quality standards could cause us to miss the delivery date requirements of our customers for those items, which could result in cancellation of orders, refusal to accept deliveries, or a substantial reduction in purchase prices. We have also incurred, and may continue to incur, higher freight and other logistic costs as a result of certain of the beforementioned factors. In addition, prices of raw materials used to manufacture our products are subject to significant fluctuation as a result of certain of the beforementioned factors, as well as crop yields which could be negatively impacted by severe weather conditions. We may not be able to offset such increases in raw materials, freight, or other sourcing costs through pricing actions or other means. Any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business. For a discussion of risks related to the potential imposition of additional regulations and laws, see "Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, and Tax Matters Our ability to conduct business globally may be affected by a variety of legal, regulatory, political, and economic risks." 
 Our business could suffer if we need to replace manufacturers or distribution centers. 
 We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and depend exclusively on independent third parties for the manufacture of our products, the majority of which are located in foreign countries. Accordingly, the success of our business depends on our ability to identify reputable manufacturers who can fulfill our orders timely and to our specifications, as well as the timely importation, customs clearance, and receipt of products to and from our various distribution centers. 
 We compete with other companies for the production capacity of our manufacturers. Some of these competitors may place larger orders than we do, and thus may have an advantage in securing production capacity. If we experience a significant increase in demand, or if an existing manufacturer of ours must be replaced, we may have to expand our third-party manufacturing capacity. We cannot guarantee that this additional capacity will be available when required on terms that are acceptable to us. See Item 1 "Business Sourcing, Production and Quality." We enter into purchase order commitments each season specifying a time for delivery, method of payment, design and quality specifications, and other standard industry provisions, but do not have long-term contracts with any manufacturer. None of the manufacturers we use produce our products exclusively. 
 In addition, we rely on a number of owned, leased, and independently-operated distribution facilities around the world to warehouse and ship products to our customers and perform other related logistic services. Our ability to meet the needs of our customers depends on the proper operation of these distribution centers. Our distributions centers generally utilize computer-controlled and automated equipment, which are subject to various risks, including software viruses, security breaches, power interruptions, or other system failures. If any of our distribution centers were to close or become inoperable or inaccessible for any reason, including, but not limited to, pandemic diseases such as COVID-19, natural disasters, severe weather, labor shortages, fires, and system failures, or if we fail to successfully consolidate existing facilities or transition to new facilities, we could experience a substantial loss of inventory, disruption of deliveries to our customers and our stores, increased costs, and longer lead times associated with the distribution of products during the period that would be required to reopen or replace the facility. Any such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We also rely upon third-party transportation providers for substantially all of our product shipments, including shipments to and from our distribution centers, to our stores and shop-within-shops, and to our digital commerce and wholesale customers. Our utilization of these shipping services is subject to various risks, including, but not limited to, potential labor shortages (stemming from labor disputes, strikes, or otherwise), severe weather, and pandemic diseases, which could delay the timing of shipments, and increases in wages and fuel prices, which could result in higher transportation costs. The rapid increase of online 
 32 

shopping driven by changes in consumer shopping preferences has amplified certain of these risks resulting in capacity constraints. As previously noted, we have incurred, and may continue to incur, higher freight and other logistic costs as a result of certain of the beforementioned factors. Any delays in the timing of our product shipments or increases in transportation costs could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with leasing real estate and other assets under long-term, non-cancellable leases. 
 We generally operate most of our stores and corporate facilities under long-term, non-cancellable leasing arrangements. Our retail store leases typically require us to make minimum rental payments, and often contingent rental payments based upon sales. In addition, our leases generally require us to pay our proportionate share of the cost of insurance, taxes, maintenance, and utilities. We generally cannot cancel our leases at our option. If we decide to close a store, or if we decide to downsize, consolidate, or relocate any of our corporate facilities, we may incur an impairment charge and/or exit costs associated with the disposal of the store or corporate facility. In addition, we may remain obligated under the applicable lease for, among other things, payment of the base rent for the remaining lease term, even after the space is exited or otherwise closed and even if such closures are beyond our control (such as forced store closures resulting from pandemic diseases). Such costs and obligations related to the early or temporary closure of our stores or termination of our leases could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, certain of our leases include renewal options or terms that require rental payments to be adjusted to reflect current fair market rental rates, which could be significantly higher than the prior term's rental payments. Further, as each of our leases naturally expires, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could lead to store closures resulting in lost sales. 
 A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a limited number of large wholesale customers. Our business could be adversely affected as a result of consolidations, liquidations, restructurings, other ownership changes in the retail industry, and/or any financial instability of our large wholesale customers. 
 Several of our department store customers, including some under common ownership, account for a significant portion of our wholesale net sales. A substantial portion of sales of our licensed products by our domestic licensing partners are also made to our largest department store customers. Sales to our three largest wholesale customers accounted for approximately 16 of total net revenues for Fiscal 2023, and these customers accounted for approximately 34 of our total gross trade accounts receivable outstanding as of April 1, 2023. Substantially all sales to our three largest wholesale customers related to our North America segment. 
 While we have long-standing relationships with the majority of our wholesale customers, we typically do not enter into long-term agreements with them. Instead, we enter into a number of purchase order commitments with our customers for each of our product lines every season. A decision by the controlling owner of a group of stores or any other significant customer, whether motivated by economic conditions, financial difficulties, competitive conditions, or otherwise, to decrease or eliminate the amount of merchandise purchased from us or our licensing partners or to change their manner of doing business with us or our licensing partners or a change based on their new strategic and operational initiatives, including their continued focus on further development of "private labels" and exclusive product offerings in an effort to differentiate themselves from competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The department store sector has experienced numerous consolidations, restructurings, reorganizations, and other ownership changes in recent years, which could potentially increase in frequency as a result of prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or changes in consumer shopping preferences, such as the increasing shift away from traditional brick and mortar wholesale retailers to larger online retailers. Our wholesale customers have also experienced significant business disruptions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including declines in retail traffic, temporary store closures, and other operational restrictions. There can be no assurance that our wholesale customers have adequate financial resources and/or access to additional capital to withstand prolonged periods of such adverse economic conditions. The loss of one or more significant wholesale customers, or the loss of a large number of smaller wholesale customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Further, certain of our large wholesale customers, particularly those located in the U.S., have been highly promotional and have aggressively marked down their merchandise, including our products. The continuation of such promotional activity could negatively impact our brand image and/or lead to requests from those customers for increased markdown allowances at the end of the season. In response and in connection with our growth plan, we strategically reduce shipments to certain of our customers and close less productive doors when deemed appropriate. 
 We sell our wholesale merchandise primarily to major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners across North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, and New Zealand, and extend credit based on an evaluation of each wholesale customer's financial condition, usually without requiring collateral. However, the financial difficulties of a wholesale customer, 
 33 

including those resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, could cause us to limit or eliminate our business with that customer. We may also assume more credit risk relating to that customer's receivables. Our inability to collect on our trade accounts receivable from any one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. See Item 1 "Business Wholesale Credit Control." 
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could restrict our ability to engage in additional capital-related transactions in the future. 
 As of April 1, 2023, our consolidated indebtedness was approximately 1.1 billion, comprised of our outstanding unsecured senior notes. We also maintain several credit and overdraft facilities, including our Global Credit Facility, which collectively had a remaining availability of approximately 577 million as of April 1, 2023. Accordingly, the amount of our indebtedness could further increase materially if we decide to draw upon our credit or overdraft facilities. This substantial level of indebtedness could have adverse consequences to our business, including (i) making it more difficult to satisfy our debt obligations as they become due; (ii) impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future; (iii) requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to be used for the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash available to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes; (iv) limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; and (v) increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. 
 We rely on our operating cash flows to repay our outstanding borrowings, as well as to fund any working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend payments, share repurchases, and other general corporate purposes. Prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions in any of our key regions, or a combination thereof, could impede our ability to pay our obligations as they become due or return value to our shareholders, as well as delay previously planned expenditures related to our operations. Credit rating agencies also periodically review our capital structure and our ability to generate earnings. A prolonged period of deteriorated financial performance or our inability to comply with debt covenants (as discussed below) could make future financing more difficult to secure and/or expensive. Further, factors beyond our control, such as adverse economic conditions, could disrupt capital markets and limit the availability or willingness of financial institutions to extend capital to us in the future. 
 Certain of our debt instruments contain a number of affirmative and negative covenants, including maintaining a leverage ratio at or below a specified level. Our failure to comply with such covenants or otherwise secure temporary waivers of non-compliance, could result in the termination of the related facilities and/or our lenders demanding any amounts outstanding to be immediately repaid, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, even if we are able to obtain waivers of non-compliance, such waivers may result in incremental fees, higher interest rates, and/or additional restrictions and covenants. 
 Additionally, the Federal Reserve has raised interest rates multiple times over the last 12 months in an effort to mitigate inflationary pressures and further increases may occur in the near future. Higher interest rates may increase the cost of any borrowings under our various credit and overdraft facilities, as well as negatively impact consumer sentiment and the global economy as a whole, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We rely on our licensing partners to preserve the value of our licenses. Failure to maintain licensing partners could harm our business. 
 The risks associated with our own products also apply to our licensed products in addition to any number of possible risks specific to a licensing partner's business, including risks associated with a particular licensing partner's ability to (i) obtain capital; (ii) execute its business plans; (iii) manage its labor relations; (iv) maintain relationships with its suppliers and customers; (v) generate sufficient cash flows to fund its operations and pay its obligations as they become due, including minimum royalties due to us; (vi) withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions; and (vii) manage its credit and bankruptcy risks effectively. 
 Although a number of our license agreements prohibit our licensing partners from entering into licensing arrangements with our competitors, our licensing partners generally are not precluded from offering, under other non-competitor brands, the types of products covered by their license agreements with us. A substantial portion of sales of our products by our domestic licensing partners are also made to our largest customers. While we have significant control over our licensing partners' products and advertising, we rely on our licensing partners for, among other things, operational and financial control over their businesses. Changes in management, reduced sales of licensed products, poor execution, or financial difficulties with respect to any of our licensing partners could adversely affect our revenues, both directly from reduced licensing revenue received and indirectly from reduced sales of our other products. Although we believe that we could replace our existing licensing partners in most circumstances, if necessary, our inability to do so for any period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business. See Item 1 "Business Our Licensing Business." 
 34 

Our business could be adversely affected by man-made or natural disasters and other catastrophic events in the locations in which we or our customers or suppliers operate. 
 Our operations, including retail, distribution, warehousing, and corporate operations, are susceptible to man-made or natural disasters, including pandemic diseases such as COVID-19, severe weather, geological events, and other catastrophic events, such as terrorist attacks and military conflict, any of which could disrupt our operations. In addition, the operations of our customers and suppliers could experience similar disruptions. The occurrence of natural disasters or other catastrophic events may result in sudden disruptions in the business operations of the local and regional economies affected, as well as the global economy as a whole, including, but not limited to, shortages and/or rising costs of raw materials or energy, public health issues, system failures, and reduced retail traffic. The occurrence of such events could also adversely affect financial markets and the availability of capital. In addition, our business can be affected by unseasonable weather conditions, such as extended periods of unseasonably warm temperatures in the winter or unseasonably cold temperatures in the summer. There is growing concern that climate change may increase both the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters. Any of these events could result in decreased demand for our products and disruptions in our sales channels and manufacturing and distribution networks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Information Systems and Data Security 
 A data security or privacy breach could damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers or employees, expose us to litigation risk, and adversely affect our business. 
 We are dependent on information technology systems and networks, including the Internet, for a significant portion of our direct-to-consumer sales, including our digital commerce operations and retail business credit card transaction authorization and processing. We are also responsible for storing data relating to our customers and employees and rely on third parties for the operation of our digital commerce sites and for the various social media tools and websites we use as part of our marketing strategy. In our normal course of business, we often collect, transmit, and/or retain certain sensitive and confidential customer information, including credit card information. There is significant concern by consumers, employees, and lawmakers alike over the security of personal information transmitted over the Internet, consumer identity theft, and user privacy. 
 Cyber-criminals are constantly devising schemes to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and confidential or sensitive data. Despite the security measures we currently have in place (including those described in Item 1 "Business Information Systems" ), our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to targeted or random attacks that could lead to security breaches, acts of vandalism, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other Internet or email events. The increased use of smartphones, tablets, and other wireless devices, as well as ongoing work-from-home arrangements for a substantial portion of our corporate employees, may also heighten these and other operational risks. The retail industry in particular continues to be the target of many cyber-attacks, which are becoming increasingly more difficult to anticipate and prevent due to their rapidly evolving nature. Furthermore, economic sanctions issued by one country against another, such as those recently issued by the U.S. and other countries against Russia in response to its war with Ukraine, could increase the risk of retaliatory state-sponsored cyber-attacks. Given the rapidly evolving nature, sophistication, and complexity of cyber-attacks, despite our reasonable efforts to mitigate and prevent such attacks, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate, prevent, detect, or implement effective preventive measures to protect against all cyber-attack incidents. 
 Although we have purchased network security and cyber liability insurance to provide a level of financial protection should a data breach occur, such insurance may not cover us against all claims or costs associated with such a breach, and we cannot be certain that such insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms or at all, or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. Additionally, the technology we use to protect our systems from being breached or compromised could become outdated as a result of advances in computer capabilities or other technological developments, thereby requiring us to make further investments in capital or other resources to protect us against cyber-attacks, the cost of which could be significant. Further, measures we implement to protect our computer systems against cyber-attacks may make them harder to use or reduce the speed at which they operate, which in turn could negatively impact our customers' shopping experience resulting in reduced website traffic, diminished loyalty to our brands, and lost sales. 
 If unauthorized parties gain access to our networks or databases, or those of our vendors, they may be able to steal, publish, delete, modify, or block our access to our private and sensitive internal and third-party information. Any perceived or actual electronic or physical security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information, including penetration of our network security, whether by us or by a third party, could disrupt our business, severely damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers, employees, or vendors, expose us to risks of litigation, significant fines and penalties, liability, and higher costs for insurance or insurance not being available to us on economically feasible terms or at all, and result in deterioration in our customers', employees', or 
 35 

vendors' confidence in us, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Since we do not control third-party service providers and cannot guarantee that no electronic or physical computer break-ins and security breaches will occur in the future, any perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information regarding our employees, customers, or website visitors could harm our reputation and credibility, result in lost sales, impair our ability to attract website visitors, and/or reduce our ability to attract and retain employees and customers. As these threats develop and grow, we may find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and our infrastructure, including the implementation of new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems, deployment of additional personnel and protection-related technologies, engagement of third-party consultants, and training of employees. 
 In addition, the regulatory environment relating to information security and privacy is becoming increasingly more demanding with frequent new requirements surrounding the handling, protection, and use of personal and sensitive information. We may incur significant costs in complying with the various applicable state, federal, and foreign laws regarding protection of, and unauthorized disclosure of, personal information. Additionally, failing to comply with such laws and regulations could damage the reputation of our brands and lead to adverse consumer actions, as well as expose us to government enforcement action and/or private litigation, any of which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business could suffer if our computer systems and websites are disrupted or cease to operate effectively. 
 We are dependent on our computer systems to record and process transactions and manage and operate our business, including designing, marketing, manufacturing, importing, tracking, and distributing our products, processing payments, accounting for and reporting financial results, and managing our employees and employee benefit programs. In addition, we have digital commerce and other informational websites in North America, Europe, and Asia, including Australia and New Zealand, and have plans for additional digital commerce sites in the future. Our digital commerce operations are a critical element of our long-term growth strategy and are vital to the overall success of our business. We have also implemented a hybrid work policy, allowing a substantial portion of our corporate employees to work remotely for part of the work week. Given the complexity of our business and the significant number of transactions that we engage in on a daily basis, it is imperative that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our computer hardware and software systems. 
 Despite our preventative efforts, our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among other things, security breaches, computer viruses, technical malfunctions, inadequate system capacity, power outages, natural disasters, and usage errors by our employees or third-party consultants. If our information technology systems become damaged or otherwise cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to repair or replace them. Additionally, confidential or sensitive data related to our customers, employees, or vendors could be lost or compromised. We are continually improving and upgrading our computer systems and software, which also involves risks and uncertainties. Any disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the design, implementation, or transition of such systems could result in increased costs, disruptions in the sourcing, sale, and shipment of our product, delays in the collection of cash from our customers, and/or adversely affect our ability to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner. Any material disruptions in our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Environmental, Social, and Governance Issues 
 Our business could suffer if we fail to meet our global citizenship and sustainability goals or if such goals do not meet the expectations of our stakeholders 
 There is an increased focus from consumers, employees, investors, advocacy groups, and other stakeholders concerning environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") matters, including climate change, and the related sustainability initiatives of companies. Furthermore, investors have placed increased importance on the social cost of their investments. Although we have established certain long-term initiatives and goals regarding our impact on the environment and society as a whole, including our diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives, there can be no assurance that our various stakeholders will agree with our initiatives or if we will be successful in achieving our goals by our targeted dates or at all. Further, we could incur additional costs, face market and technological barriers, and require additional resources to monitor, report, and comply with various ESG practices. Our failure, or perceived failure, to achieve our sustainability goals could damage the reputation of our brands and lead to adverse consumer actions and/or investment decisions by investors, as well as our ability to attract and retain employees. 
 Climate change, or our ability to adhere to any legislation and regulatory requirements related to climate change, traceability and transparency, product labeling, or other sustainability matters may adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is susceptible to risks associated with climate change, including potential disruptions to our retail stores, distribution centers, and corporate facilities. Increased frequency and/or severity of adverse weather events due to climate change could adversely impact global supply chains, including the availability and cost of raw materials (such as cotton, a key raw material used in the production of our products that is highly susceptible to severe weather conditions), the ability of our 
 36 

manufacturers to fulfill our orders timely and to our specifications, and shipping disruptions and/or higher freight costs. An increase in extreme weather conditions could also result in more frequent damage and/or closures of our stores and distribution centers, adversely impact retail traffic, consumer's disposable income levels or spending habits on discretionary items, or otherwise disrupt business operations in the communities in which we operate, any of which could result in lost sales or higher costs. 
 In addition, many countries in which we and our suppliers operate have begun enacting new legislation and regulations in an attempt to reduce or mitigate the potential impacts of climate change, which could result in higher sourcing, operational, and compliance-related costs. Such proposed measures also include expanded disclosure requirements regarding greenhouse gas emissions and other climate-related information, including independent auditors providing some level of attestation to the accuracy of such disclosures. There has also been increased focus by governmental and non-governmental organizations, consumers, customers, and other stakeholders on products that are sustainably made and other sustainability matters, including traceability and transparency, sustainability claims and product labeling requirements, responsible sourcing and deforestation, the use of energy and water, and the recyclability or recoverability of packaging, product, and materials. Our ability to comply with any such new laws and regulations or otherwise meet our various stakeholders' expectations may lead to increased costs and operational complexity. Any failure on our part to comply with such regulations or meet such expectations could lead to adverse consumer actions and/or investment decisions by investors, as well as expose us to government enforcement action and/or private litigation. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, and Tax Matters 
 Our ability to conduct business globally may be affected by a variety of legal, regulatory, political, and economic risks. 
 Our ability to capitalize on growth in new international markets and to maintain our current level of operations in our existing markets is subject to certain risks associated with operating in various locations around the globe. These include, but are not limited to (i) complying with a variety of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, trade, product labeling, and product safety restrictions, as well as forced labor regulations such as the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act ("UFLPA") and the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act ("CAATSA"), both of which prohibit the importation of goods made in whole or in part in certain territories, or by certain identified entities, and grants U.S. Customs Border Protection the authority to detain, exclude, or seize goods and assess monetary penalties and fines, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits U.S. companies from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and similar foreign country laws, such as the U.K. Bribery Act, which prohibits U.K. and related companies from any form of bribery; (ii) adapting to local customs and culture; (iii) unexpected changes in laws, judicial processes, or regulatory requirements; (iv) the imposition of additional duties, tariffs, taxes, and other charges or other barriers to trade; (v) changes in diplomatic and trade relationships; (vi) civil and political instability, military conflicts, and terrorist attacks; (vii) pandemic diseases, such as COVID-19; and (viii) general economic fluctuations in specific countries or markets. 
 Changes in regulatory, geopolitical, social, economic, or monetary policies and other factors may have a material adverse effect on our business in the future or may require us to exit a particular market or significantly modify our current business practices. For example, the global economy has been negatively impacted by the Russia-Ukraine war. Several countries, including the U.S., have imposed significant economic sanctions against Russia, including export controls and other trade restrictions with Russian entities. We have also voluntarily elected to suspend operations in Russia in protest of the conflict. While the suspension of our operations in Russia have not resulted in a material impact to our consolidated financial statements, our business has been impacted by the broader macroeconomic implications resulting from the war, including unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, increases in energy prices, food shortages, and volatility in financial markets, among other factors, which have adversely impacted consumer sentiment and confidence. It is not clear at this time how long the conflict will endure, or if it will escalate further with additional countries declaring war against each other, which could further compound the adverse impact to the global economy. 
 Further, in recent years both the U.S. and China have imposed new tariffs on each other related to the importation of certain product categories, including imports of apparel into the U.S. from China. As a result of actions to mitigate our exposure to the resulting tariffs, which have included diverting production to and sourcing from other countries, driving productivity within our existing supplier base, and taking pricing actions, the tariffs enacted to date have not had a material adverse impact on our business operations. However, if the U.S. decides to impose additional tariffs on apparel or other of our goods imported from China, there can be no assurance that we will be able to offset all related increased costs, which could be material to our business operations as approximately 19 of our products are currently sourced from China. We cannot predict if, and to what extent, other countries in which our products are currently manufactured or will be manufactured in the future, will be subject to additional tariffs, new trade restrictions, or other changes to existing international trade agreements, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. For a discussion of risks associated with the importation of products, see "Risks 
 37 

Related to our Business and Operations Our business is subject to risks associated with importing products and the ability of our manufacturers to produce our goods on time and to our specifications." 
 Our business could also be impacted by changes to the tax laws and regulations in the countries where we operate. For example, in August 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act ("IRA") into law. The IRA enacted a 15 corporate minimum tax rate (subject to certain thresholds being met) that will be applicable to the Company beginning in its Fiscal 2024, a 1 excise tax on share repurchases made after December 31, 2022, and created and extended certain tax-related energy incentives. Additionally, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD"), which represents a coalition of member countries, has proposed changes to numerous long-standing tax principles through its Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the creation of a global minimum tax commonly referred to as "Pillar Two." Currently, South Korea and Japan are the only countries to have enacted legislation consistent with the OECD's proposals under Pillar Two. However, in December 2022, the European Union member states agreed to implement the OECD's Pillar Two global minimum tax rate of 15 , which is expected to go into effect during calendar 2024, and other countries are expected to implement related legislation in the near future. We cannot be certain if or when other countries will enact new legislation or how closely any such new legislation will align with the OECD's Pillar Two framework. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of such newly enacted and proposed legislation on its future consolidated financial statements. Additionally, other taxing authorities of certain state, local, and other foreign jurisdictions may also decide to modify existing tax laws. We cannot predict which, if any, of these items or others will be enacted into law or the resulting impact any such enactment will have on our business operations, which could be material. 
 Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility of our operating results. 
 We are subject to income and non-income taxes in many U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, with the applicable tax rates varying by jurisdiction. We record tax expense based on our estimates of future payments, which include reserves for uncertain tax positions in multiple tax jurisdictions. At any given time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. As a result, we expect that throughout the year there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly tax rates as events occur and exposures are evaluated. Our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may also be materially impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings by jurisdiction or by changes to existing accounting rules. Additionally, our products are subject to import and excise duties, and/or sales, consumption, value-added taxes ("VAT"), and other non-income taxes in certain international jurisdictions. Failure to correctly calculate or submit the appropriate amount of income or non-income taxes could subject us to substantial fines and penalties and adversely affect our business. 
 In addition, the tax laws and regulations in the countries where we operate may change, or there may be changes in interpretation and enforcement of existing tax laws, which could materially affect our income tax expense in our consolidated financial statements. For a discussion of risks related to the potential imposition of additional regulations and laws, see "Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, and Tax Matters Our ability to conduct business globally may be affected by a variety of legal, regulatory, political, and economic risks." 
 Our business could suffer if we fail to comply with labor laws or if one of our manufacturers fails to use acceptable labor or environmental practices. 
 We are subject to labor laws governing relationships with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions, and citizenship requirements. Compliance with these laws may lead to increased costs and operational complexity and may increase our exposure to governmental investigations or litigation. 
 In addition, we require our licensing partners and independent manufacturers to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. While our internal and vendor operating guidelines promote ethical business practices and our employees periodically visit and monitor the operations of our independent manufacturers, we do not control these manufacturers or their labor practices. The violation of any ethical, social, product safety, labor, health, environmental, privacy, or other standards and regulations by an independent manufacturer used by us or one of our licensing partners, could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished products to us or damage our reputation. Any of these events, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Certain legal proceedings, regulatory matters, and accounting changes could adversely affect our business. 
 We are involved in certain legal proceedings and regulatory matters and are subject from time to time to various claims involving alleged breach of contract claims, intellectual property and other related claims, escheatment and unclaimed property, credit card fraud, security breaches in certain of our retail store information systems, employment issues, consumer matters, lease disputes, and other litigation. Certain of these lawsuits and claims, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, could result in material liability to our Company or have a negative impact on our reputation or relations with our employees, customers, licensing partners, or other third parties. Other potential claimants may also be encouraged to bring suits against us based on a 
 38 

settlement from us or adverse court decision against us for similar claims or allegations as their own. In addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings could result in substantial costs and may require our Company to devote substantial time and resources to defend itself. Further, changes in governmental regulations both in the U.S. and in other countries where we conduct business operations could have an adverse impact on our business. See Item 3 "Legal Proceedings" for further discussion of our Company's legal matters. 
 In addition, we are subject to changes in accounting rules and interpretations issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and other regulatory agencies. If and when effective, such changes to accounting standards could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. See Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of certain recently issued accounting standards. 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 The trading prices of our securities periodically may rise or fall based on the accuracy of predictions of our earnings or other financial performance, including our ability to return value to shareholders. 
 Our business planning process is designed to maximize our long-term strength, growth, and profitability, and not to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. We believe that this longer-term focus is in the best interests of our Company and our stockholders. However, we also recognize that, from time to time, it may be helpful to provide investors with guidance as to our quarterly and annual forecast of net sales and earnings. While we generally expect to provide updates to our guidance when we report our results each fiscal quarter, we do not have any responsibility to update any of our guidance or other forward-looking statements at such times or otherwise. In addition, any longer-term guidance that we provide is based on goals that we believe, at the time guidance is given, are reasonably attainable. However, such long-range targets are more difficult to predict than our current quarter and full fiscal year expectations. Additionally, external analysts and investors may publish their own independent predictions of our future performance. We do not endorse such predictions or assume any responsibility to correct such predictions when they differ from our own expectations. If, or when, we announce actual results that differ from those that have been predicted by us, outside analysts, or others, the market price of our securities could be adversely affected. Investors who rely on these predictions when making investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at their own risk. We take no responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of such changes in the prices of our securities. 
 The stock market in general has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of listed companies. Accordingly, public perception and other factors outside of our control may impact our stock price, regardless of our actual operating performance. 
 In addition, we have historically returned value to shareholders through our payment of quarterly cash dividends and common stock share repurchases. Investors may have an expectation that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends, further increase our cash dividend rate, and/or repurchase shares available under our Class A common stock repurchase program. Our ability to pay quarterly cash dividends and repurchase our Class A common stock will depend on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future. This ability may be subject to certain economic, financial, competitive, and other factors that are beyond our control, such as impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic, which in the past had resulted in us temporarily suspending our quarterly cash dividend and share repurchases. Although both of these programs are currently active (and were so throughout Fiscal 2023), our Board of Directors may, at its discretion, elect to suspend or otherwise alter these programs at any time. The market price of our securities could be adversely affected if our cash dividend payments and/or Class A common stock share repurchase activity differ from investors' expectations. 
 The voting shares of our Company's stock are concentrated in one majority stockholder. 
 As of April 1, 2023, Mr. Ralph Lauren, or entities controlled by the Lauren family, held approximately 86 of the voting power of the outstanding common stock of our Company. In addition, Mr. R. Lauren serves as our Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer, Mr. R. Lauren's son, Mr. David Lauren, serves as our Chief Branding and Innovation Officer, Strategic Advisor to the CEO, and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, and we employ other members of the Lauren family. From time to time, we may have other business dealings with Mr. R. Lauren, members of the Lauren family, or entities affiliated with Mr. R. Lauren or the Lauren family. As a result of his stock ownership and position in our Company, Mr. R. Lauren has the ability to exercise significant control over our business, including, without limitation, (i) the election of our Class B common stock directors, voting separately as a class and (ii) any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and the approval of mergers or sales of all or substantially all of our assets. 
 39 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We primarily lease space for our retail stores, showrooms, warehouses, and offices in various domestic and international locations. We do not own any real property except for our retail digital commerce call center and distribution facility in High Point, North Carolina, and our retail stores in Southampton and Easthampton, New York, and Nantucket, Massachusetts, which we own. 
 We believe that our existing facilities are well maintained, in good operating condition, and are adequate for our present level of operations. 
 The following table sets forth information relating to our principal properties as of April 1, 2023: 
 Location Use Approximate Square Feet NC Highway 66, High Point, NC Wholesale and retail distribution facility 847,000 N. Pendleton Street, High Point, NC Retail digital commerce call center and distribution facility 805,000 Whitsett, NC Wholesale and retail distribution facility 520,600 Greensboro, NC Wholesale and retail distribution facility 357,400 650 Madison Avenue, NYC Executive and corporate offices, design studio, and showrooms 240,800 601 West 26th Street, NYC Corporate offices 216,200 Long Island City, NY Corporate offices, design and digital production studios, showrooms, and warehousing 206,700 Nutley, NJ Corporate offices 109,300 Spinners Building, Hong Kong Asia sourcing offices 67,000 Gateway Office, Hong Kong Asia corporate offices 37,500 Geneva, Switzerland Europe corporate office 31,200 Shanghai, China Asia corporate offices 28,800 Watford, UK Europe corporate offices 28,000 London, UK Europe corporate offices 19,650 888 Madison Avenue, NYC Retail flagship store 37,900 N. Michigan Avenue, Chicago Retail flagship store 37,500 New Bond Street, London, UK Retail flagship store 31,500 867 Madison Avenue, NYC Retail flagship store 27,700 Paris, France Retail flagship store 25,700 Tokyo, Japan Retail flagship store 25,000 N. Rodeo Drive, Beverly Hills Retail flagship store 22,200 Milan, Italy Retail flagship store 14,900 Prince's Building, Hong Kong Retail flagship store 9,800 
 As of April 1, 2023, we directly operated 553 retail stores, totaling approximately 4.1 million square feet. We expect that we will be able to extend our retail store leases, as well as leases for our non-retail facilities, which expire in the near future on satisfactory terms or otherwise relocate to desirable alternate locations. We generally lease our freestanding retail stores for initial periods ranging from 3 to 10 years, with renewal options. See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our business is subject to risks associated with leasing real estate and other assets under long-term, non-cancellable leases. " 
 40 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are involved, from time to time, in litigation, other legal claims, and proceedings involving matters associated with or incidental to our business, including, among other things, matters involving credit card fraud, trademark and other intellectual property, licensing, importation and exportation of products, taxation, unclaimed property, leases, and employee relations. We believe at present that the resolution of currently pending matters will not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. However, our assessment of any current litigation or other legal claims could potentially change in light of the discovery of facts not presently known or determinations by judges, juries, or other finders of fact which are not in accord with management's evaluation of the possible liability or outcome of such litigation or claims. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 As of May 19, 2023, there were 622 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 7 holders of record of our Class B common stock. Our Class A common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "RL." All of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock are owned by Mr. Ralph Lauren, Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer, and entities controlled by the Lauren family. Shares of our Class B common stock may be converted immediately into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis by the holder. There is no cash or other consideration paid by the holder converting the shares and, accordingly, there is no cash or other consideration received by the Company. The shares of Class A common stock issued by the Company in such conversions are exempt from registration pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No shares of our Class B common stock were converted into Class A common stock during the fiscal quarter ended April 1, 2023. 
 The following table sets forth repurchases of shares of our Class A common stock during the fiscal quarter ended April 1, 2023: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar 
 Value of Shares 
 That May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under the 
 Plans or Programs (a) 
 (millions) January 1, 2023 to January 28, 2023 1,217 January 29, 2023 to February 25, 2023 1,217 February 26, 2023 to April 1, 2023 379,328 (b) 
 112.75 376,474 1,175 379,328 376,474 
 
 (a) As of April 1, 2023, the remaining availability under our Class A common stock repurchase program was approximately 1.175 billion, reflecting the February 2, 2022 approval by our Board of Directors to expand the program by up to an additional 1.500 billion of Class A common stock repurchases. Repurchases of shares of Class A common stock are subject to overall business and market conditions. 
 (b) Includes 2,854 shares surrendered to or withheld by the Company in satisfaction of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of awards issued under its long-term stock incentive plans. 
 
 41 

The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return (stock price appreciation plus dividends) on our Class A common stock to the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor's ("S P") 500 Index, the S P 1500 Apparel, Accessories Luxury Goods Index, and a prior peer group index (the "Prior Peer Group") for the period from March 31, 2018, the last day of our 2018 fiscal year, through April 1, 2023, the last day of our 2023 fiscal year. During Fiscal 2023, the Company determined that the S P Composite 1500 Apparel, Accessories Luxury Goods Index is a more appropriate comparison due to the composition of the included companies given their size, comparable products, and lines of business. Our Prior Peer Group consisted of Burberry Group PLC, Compagnie Financi re Richemont SA, EssilorLuxottica SA, The Est e Lauder Companies Inc., Hermes International, Kering, LVMH, PVH Corp., Tapestry, Inc., Tod's S.p.A., and V.F. Corporation. All calculations for foreign companies in our Prior Peer Group are performed using the local foreign issue of such companies. The returns are calculated by assuming a 100 investment made on March 31, 2018 in the Class A common stock and each index, with all dividends reinvested. 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Ralph Lauren Corporation, the S P 500 Index, 
 S P 1500 Apparel, Accessories Luxury Goods Index, and the Prior Peer Group 

Item 6. Reserved 
 42 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("MD A") should be read together with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We utilize a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the Saturday immediately before or after March 31. As such, Fiscal 2023 ended on April 1, 2023 and was a 52-week period; Fiscal 2022 ended on April 2, 2022 and was a 53-week period; Fiscal 2021 ended on March 27, 2021 and was a 52-week period; and Fiscal 2024 will end on March 30, 2024 and will be a 52-week period. 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
 MD A is provided as a supplement to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto to help provide an understanding of our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. MD A is organized as follows: 
 Overview. This section provides a general description of our business, global economic conditions and industry trends, and a summary of our financial performance for Fiscal 2023. In addition, this section includes a discussion of recent developments and transactions affecting comparability that we believe are important in understanding our results of operations and financial condition, and in anticipating future trends. 
 Results of operations. This section provides an analysis of our results of operations for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 as compared to the respective prior fiscal year. 
 Financial condition and liquidity. This section provides a discussion of our financial condition and liquidity as of April 1, 2023, which includes (i) an analysis of our financial condition as compared to the prior fiscal year-end; (ii) an analysis of changes in our cash flows for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 as compared to the respective prior fiscal year; (iii) an analysis of our liquidity, including the availability under our commercial paper borrowing program and credit facilities, our outstanding debt and covenant compliance, common stock repurchases, and payments of dividends; and (iv) a summary of our material cash requirements as of April 1, 2023. 
 Market risk management. This section discusses how we manage our risk exposures related to foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and our investments as of April 1, 2023. 
 Critical accounting policies. This section discusses our critical accounting policies considered to be important to our results of operations and financial condition, which typically require significant judgment and estimation on the part of management in their application. In addition, all of our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies, are summarized in Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Recently issued accounting standards. This section discusses the potential impact on our reported results of operations and financial condition of certain accounting standards that have been recently issued. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 Our Company is a global leader in the design, marketing, and distribution of luxury lifestyle products, including apparel, footwear accessories, home, fragrances, and hospitality. Our long-standing reputation and distinctive image have been developed across a wide range of products, brands, distribution channels, and international markets. Our brand names include Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Polo Ralph Lauren, Double RL, Lauren Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children, and Chaps, among others. 
 We diversify our business by geography (North America, Europe, and Asia, among other regions) and channel of distribution (retail, wholesale, and licensing). This allows us to maintain a dynamic balance as our operating results do not depend solely on the performance of any single geographic area or channel of distribution. We sell directly to consumers through our integrated retail channel, which includes our retail stores, concession-based shop-within-shops, and digital commerce operations around the world. Our wholesale sales are made principally to major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners around the world, as well as to certain third-party-owned stores to which we have licensed the right to operate in defined geographic territories using our trademarks. In addition, we license to third parties for specified periods the right to access our various trademarks in connection with the licensees' manufacture and sale of designated products, such as certain apparel, eyewear, fragrances, and home. 
 43 

We organize our business into the following three reportable segments: 
 North America Our North America segment, representing approximately 47 of our Fiscal 2023 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses primarily in the U.S. and Canada. In North America, our retail business is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, and our digital commerce site, www.RalphLauren.com. Our wholesale business in North America is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and, to a lesser extent, specialty stores. 
 Europe Our Europe segment, representing approximately 29 of our Fiscal 2023 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in Europe and emerging markets. In Europe, our retail business is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. Our wholesale business in Europe is comprised primarily of a varying mix of sales to both department stores and specialty stores, depending on the country, as well as to various third-party digital partners. 
 Asia Our Asia segment, representing approximately 22 of our Fiscal 2023 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. Our retail business in Asia is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. In addition, we sell our products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites. Our wholesale business in Asia is comprised primarily of sales to department stores, with related products distributed through shop-within-shops. 
 No operating segments were aggregated to form our reportable segments. In addition to these reportable segments, we also have other non-reportable segments, representing approximately 2 of our Fiscal 2023 net revenues, which primarily consist of Ralph Lauren and Chaps branded royalty revenues earned through our global licensing alliances. In addition, prior to its disposition at the end of our first quarter of Fiscal 2022, our other non-reportable segments also included sales of Club Monaco branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Europe, and our licensing alliances in Asia. Refer to "Recent Developments" for additional discussion regarding the disposition of our former Club Monaco business, as well as the transition of our Chaps business to a fully licensed business model. 
 Approximately 53 of our Fiscal 2023 net revenues were earned outside of the U.S. See Note 20 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our segment reporting structure. 
 Our business is typically affected by seasonal trends, with higher levels of retail sales in our second and third fiscal quarters and higher wholesale sales in our second and fourth fiscal quarters. These trends result primarily from the timing of key vacation travel, back-to-school, and holiday shopping periods impacting our retail business and timing of seasonal wholesale shipments. As a result of changes in our business, consumer spending patterns, and the macroeconomic environment, including those resulting from pandemic diseases and other catastrophic events, historical quarterly operating trends and working capital requirements may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition, fluctuations in sales, operating income (loss), and cash flows in any fiscal quarter may be affected by other events affecting retail sales, such as changes in weather patterns. 
 Recent Developments 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 Beginning in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended March 28, 2020 ("Fiscal 2020"), a novel strain of coronavirus commonly referred to as COVID-19 emerged and spread rapidly across the globe, including throughout all major geographies in which we operate, resulting in widespread adverse economic conditions and business disruptions. Since then, governments worldwide have periodically imposed preventative and protective actions, such as temporary travel bans, forced business closures, and stay-at-home orders, all in an effort to reduce the spread of the virus. Such actions have negatively impacted retail traffic, tourism, and consumer spending on discretionary items to varying degrees over the course of the pandemic. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced varying degrees of business disruptions and periods of closure of our stores, distribution centers, and corporate facilities, as have our wholesale customers, licensing partners, suppliers, and vendors. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 at the peak of the pandemic, the majority of our stores in key markets were closed for an average of 8 to 10 weeks due to government-mandated lockdowns and other restrictions, resulting in significant adverse impacts to our operating results. Resurgences and outbreaks in certain parts of the world resulted in further 
 44 

business disruptions periodically throughout Fiscal 2021, most notably in Europe where a significant number of our stores were closed for approximately 2 to 3 months during the second half of Fiscal 2021, including during the holiday period, due to government-mandated lockdowns and other restrictions. Such disruptions continued throughout Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2023 in certain regions, although to a lesser extent than Fiscal 2021. Further, throughout the course of the pandemic, the majority of our stores that were able to remain open have periodically been subject to limited operating hours and/or customer capacity levels in accordance with local health guidelines, with traffic remaining challenged. However, our digital commerce operations have grown significantly from pre-pandemic levels, due in part to our investments and enhanced capabilities, as well as changes in consumer shopping preferences. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic also adversely impacted our distribution, logistic, and sourcing partners, including temporary factory closures, labor shortages, vessel, container and other transportation shortages, and port congestion. Such disruptions resulted in periods of reduced availability of inventory, delayed timing of inventory receipts, and increased costs for both the purchase and transportation of such inventory, most notably during Fiscal 2022 and the first half of Fiscal 2023. 
 The pandemic continues to evolve, with resurgences and outbreaks occurring in certain parts of the world during Fiscal 2023, including those resulting from variants of the virus. While the impact of these disruptions has generally been less significant than those experienced in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022, we cannot predict for how long and to what extent the pandemic may continue to impact our business operations, the global supply chain, or the overall global economy. See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Infectious disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business " for additional discussion regarding risks to our business associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Fiscal 2021 Strategic Realignment Plan 
 We have undertaken efforts to realign our resources to support future growth and profitability, and to create a sustainable, enhanced cost structure. The key initiatives underlying these efforts involved evaluation of our: (i) team organizational structures and ways of working; (ii) real estate footprint and related costs across our corporate offices, distribution centers, and direct-to-consumer retail and wholesale doors; and (iii) brand portfolio. 
 In connection with the first initiative, on September 17, 2020, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the "Fiscal 2021 Strategic Realignment Plan") to reduce our global workforce. Additionally, during a preliminary review of our store portfolio during the second quarter of Fiscal 2021, we decided to close our Polo store on Regent Street in London. 
 Shortly thereafter, on October 29, 2020, we announced the planned transition of our Chaps brand to a fully licensed business model, consistent with our long-term brand elevation strategy and in connection with our third initiative. Specifically, we entered into a multi-year licensing partnership, which took effect on August 1, 2021 following a transition period, with an affiliate of 5 Star Apparel LLC, a division of the OVED Group, to manufacture, market, and distribute Chaps menswear and womenswear. The products are being sold at existing channels of distribution with opportunities for expansion into additional channels and markets globally. This agreement created incremental value for the Company by enabling an even greater focus on elevating our core brands in the marketplace, reducing our direct exposure to the North America department store channel, and setting up Chaps to deliver on its potential with an experienced partner that is focused on nurturing the brand. 
 Later, on February 3, 2021, our Board of Directors approved additional actions related to our real estate initiative. Specifically, we further rightsized and consolidated our global corporate offices to better align with our organizational profile and new ways of working. We also closed certain of our stores to improve overall profitability. Additionally, we further consolidated our North America distribution centers in order to drive greater efficiencies, improve sustainability, and deliver a better consumer experience. 
 Finally, on June 26, 2021, in connection with our brand portfolio initiative, we sold our former Club Monaco business to Regent, L.P. ("Regent"), a global private equity firm, with no resulting gain or loss on sale realized during the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. Regent acquired Club Monaco's assets and liabilities in exchange for potential future cash consideration payable to us, including earn-out payments based on Club Monaco meeting certain defined revenue thresholds over a five-year period. Accordingly, we have realized amounts related to the receipt of such contingent consideration and additional amounts may be realized in the future. Additionally, in connection with this divestiture, we provided Regent with certain operational support for a transitional period of approximately one year, varying by functional area. 
 45 

In connection with the Fiscal 2021 Strategic Realignment Plan, we have recorded cumulative pre-tax charges of 281.8 million since its inception, of which 19.7 million, 25.3 million, and 236.8 million were recorded during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. Actions associated with the Fiscal 2021 Strategic Realignment Plan are now complete and are expected to result in gross annualized pre-tax expense savings of approximately 200 million, a portion of which is being reinvested into the business. 
 See Note 9 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional discussion regarding charges recorded in connection with the Fiscal 2021 Strategic Restructuring Plan. 
 Global Economic Conditions and Industry Trends 
 The global economy and retail industry are impacted by many different factors. For example, changes in economic conditions in the U.S., most notably inflationary pressures (including increases in the cost of raw materials, transportation, and salaries benefits), rising interest rates, significant foreign currency volatility, recent bank failures, and concerns of a potential recession, continue to impact consumer discretionary income levels, spending, and sentiment in the U.S. and beyond. In response to such pressures, as well as in an effort to reduce elevated inventory levels, many U.S. retailers have become increasingly more promotional in an attempt to offset traffic declines and increase conversion. Certain other worldwide events and factors, such as international trade relations, new legislation and regulations, taxation or monetary policy changes, political and civil unrest, and growing diplomatic tensions, among other factors, have also adversely impacted the global economy. The continuation of these trends could have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results. 
 The global economy has also been negatively impacted by the Russia-Ukraine war. Several countries including the U.S. have imposed significant economic sanctions against Russia, including export controls and other trade restrictions with Russian entities. We have also voluntarily elected to suspend operations in Russia. While the suspension of our operations in Russia has not resulted in a material impact to our consolidated financial statements, our business has been impacted by the broader macroeconomic implications resulting from the war, including unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, increases in energy prices, food shortages, and volatility in financial markets, among other factors, which have adversely impacted consumer sentiment and confidence. It is not clear at this time how long the conflict will endure, or if it will escalate further with additional countries declaring war against each other, which could further compound the adverse impact to the global economy. 
 The global economy also continues to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, although to a much lesser extent than what was experienced during the first year of the pandemic. As discussed in " Recent Developments," during the last twelve months certain geographic regions continue to be impacted by temporary store closures, restricted operating hours, and/or reduced staffing due to elevated infection levels. Despite the development of COVID-19 vaccines and the general lessening of the pandemic's impact on our operating results over time, it is uncertain to what extent the pandemic may continue to impact the global economy. 
 We have implemented various strategies globally to help address many of these current challenges and continue to build a foundation for long-term profitable growth centered around strengthening our consumer-facing areas of product, stores, and marketing across channels and driving a more efficient operating model. Our strategy for mitigating inflationary pressures includes numerous levers, including our commitment to driving average unit retail growth, leveraging our diversified supply chain and strong supplier relationships, elevating our product sustainability efforts, and leveraging our in-house quality control to reduce time and cost from the manufacturing process, among other efforts. We have also taken earlier receipts of inventory and strategically utilize faster means of transportation when necessary to maximize full-price selling windows. While we remain agile and mindful of the increasing competitive promotional environment, we plan to continue driving our broader long-term strategy of brand elevation, which includes multiple levers to continue driving average unit retail growth and brand equity. 
 We will continue to monitor these conditions and trends and will evaluate and adjust our operating strategies and foreign currency and cost management opportunities to help mitigate the related impacts on our results of operations, while remaining focused on the long-term growth of our business and protecting and elevating the value of our brand. 
 For a detailed discussion of significant risk factors that have the potential to cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations, see Part I, Item 1A " Risk Factors " included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 46 

Summary of Financial Performance 
 Operating Results 
 In Fiscal 2023, we reported net revenues of 6.444 billion, net income of 522.7 million, and net income per diluted share of 7.58, as compared to net revenues of 6.219 billion, net income of 600.1 million, and net income per diluted share of 8.07 in Fiscal 2022. The comparability of our operating results has been affected by net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other benefits (charges), as well as the impacts of the 53rd week in Fiscal 2022, the disposition of our former Club Monaco business at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022, and the transition of our Chaps business to a fully licensed business model during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, as discussed further below. We also continue to experience varying degrees of business disruptions resulting from the current macroeconomic environment, including ongoing inflationary pressures, foreign currency volatility, the war in Ukraine, and COVID-19-related disruptions. 
 Our operating performance for Fiscal 2023 reflected revenue increases of 3.6 on a reported basis and 9.4 on a constant currency basis, as defined within " Transactions and Trends Affecting Comparability of Results of Operations and Financial Condition " below. These increases in net revenues reflected growth across all of our reportable segments despite the negative impact associated with the absence of the 53rd week, which resulted in incremental net revenues of 62.7 million during the prior fiscal year; the transition of our Chaps business to a fully licensed business model during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022; and the disposition of our former Club Monaco business at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 Our gross profit as a percentage of net revenues decreased by 210 basis points to 64.6 during Fiscal 2023, primarily driven by inflationary cost pressures, unfavorable foreign currency effects, and higher non-routine inventory charges recorded during Fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year, partially offset by higher pricing. 
 Selling, general, and administrative ("SG A") expenses as a percentage of net revenues during Fiscal 2023 decreased by 30 basis points to 52.9 , driven by operating leverage on higher net revenues. 
 Net income decreased by 77.4 million to 522.7 million in Fiscal 2023 as compared to Fiscal 2022, primarily due to a 94.2 million decline in our operating income, partially offset by a 31.5 million decline in non-operating expense, net. Net income per diluted share decreased by 0.49 to 7.58 per share during Fiscal 2023 driven by the lower level of net income, partially offset by lower weighted-average diluted shares outstanding. 
 During Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, our operating results were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits) totaling 66.0 million and 32.6 million, respectively, which had an after-tax effect of reducing net income by 52.9 million, or 0.76 per diluted share, and 23.2 million, or 0.31 per diluted share, respectively. Net income during Fiscal 2022 reflected the favorable impact of the inclusion of the 53rd week, which increased net income by 16.5 million, or approximately 0.22 per diluted share. 
 Financial Condition and Liquidity 
 We ended Fiscal 2023 in a net cash and short-term investments position (calculated as cash and cash equivalents, plus short-term investments, less total debt) of 427.2 million, as compared to 962.1 million as of the end of Fiscal 2022. The decrease in our net cash and short-term investments position during Fiscal 2023 as compared to Fiscal 2022 was primarily due to our use of cash to support Class A common stock repurchases of 488.6 million, including withholdings in satisfaction of tax obligations for stock-based compensation awards, to invest in our business through 217.5 million in capital expenditures, and to make dividend payments of 198.3 million, as well as the unfavorable effect of exchange rate changes on our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of 8.8 million partially offset by operating cash flows of 411.0 million. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 411.0 million during Fiscal 2023, as compared to 715.9 million during Fiscal 2022. The net decrease in cash provided by operating activities was due to a net unfavorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, as compared to the prior fiscal year period, as well as the decline in net income before non-cash charges. 
 Our equity decreased to 2.431 billion as of April 1, 2023, compared to 2.536 billion as of April 2, 2022, due to our share repurchase activity and dividends declared during Fiscal 2023, partially offset by our comprehensive income and the net impact of stock-based compensation arrangements. 
 47 

Transactions and Trends Affecting Comparability of Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 The comparability of our operating results for the three fiscal years presented herein has been affected by certain events, including: 
 pretax charges incurred in connection with our restructuring activities, as well as certain other benefits (charges), as summarized below (references to "Notes" are to the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements): 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 (millions) Restructuring and other charges, net (see Note 9) (43.0) (22.2) (170.5) Non-routine inventory benefits (charges) (a) 
 (15.4) 13.3 (29.3) Impairment of assets (see Note 8) (9.7) (21.3) (96.0) Non-routine bad debt reversals (expense), net (b) 
 2.1 (2.4) 41.4 Total charges (66.0) (32.6) (254.4) 
 (a) Non-routine inventory benefits (charges) are recorded within cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations. Non-routine inventory charges, net recorded during Fiscal 2023 primarily related to the Russia-Ukraine war (approximately 10 million) and delays in U.S. customs shipment reviews and approvals (approximately 5 million). Non-routine inventory benefits, net recorded during Fiscal 2022 related to COVID-19-related reserves. Non-routine inventory charges, net recorded during Fiscal 2021 related to COVID-19-related reserves (approximately 21 million) and our restructuring plans (approximately 8 million, see Note 9). 
 (b) Non-routine bad debt reversals (expense), net are recorded within SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Non-routine bad debt reversals, net recorded during Fiscal 2023 primarily related to the Russia-Ukraine war. Non-routine bad debt expense, net recorded during Fiscal 2022 related to the Russia-Ukraine war (approximately 3 million), partially offset by COVID-19-related bad debt reversals (approximately 1 million). Non-routine bad debt reversals, net recorded during Fiscal 2021 related to COVID-19-related reserves. 
 the inclusion of the 53rd week in Fiscal 2022, which resulted in incremental net revenues of 62.7 million and net income of 16.5 million, or approximately 0.22 per diluted share; 
 the disposition of our former Club Monaco business at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. We did not recognize any net revenues during Fiscal 2023 in connection with our former Club Monaco business, whereas we recognized net revenues of approximately 34 million and 100 million during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively; 
 the transition of our Chaps business to a fully licensed business model during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, which resulted in declines in net revenues of approximately 15 million during Fiscal 2023 and 69 million during Fiscal 2022, each as compared to their respective prior fiscal year; 
 incremental tax expense of 13.8 million recorded within our income tax provision during Fiscal 2021 related to new legislation enacted in connection with Swiss tax reform, which increased our effective tax rate by 1,840 basis points. During Fiscal 2022, we also recorded a charge of 6.4 million within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations in connection with non-income-related capital taxes resulting from Swiss tax reform. See Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion; 
 incremental net tax expense of 46.6 million recorded within our income tax provision during Fiscal 2021 related to a valuation allowance provided against domestic losses attributable to COVID-19 business disruptions, international tax legislation enacted in connection with the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive, and a net operating loss carryback under the CARES Act, which collectively negatively impacted our effective tax rate by 6,230 basis points; and 
 other varying degrees of COVID-19 business disruptions during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, with the most prominent impacts occurring during Fiscal 2021. 
 48 

Because we are a global company, the comparability of our operating results reported in U.S. Dollars is also affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations because the underlying currencies in which we transact change in value over time compared to the U.S. Dollar. Such fluctuations can have a significant effect on our reported results. As such, in addition to financial measures prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("U.S. GAAP"), our discussions often contain references to constant currency measures, which are calculated by translating current-year and prior-year reported amounts into comparable amounts using a single foreign exchange rate for each currency. We present constant currency financial information, which is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure, as a supplement to our reported operating results. We use constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how our businesses performed excluding the effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We believe this information is useful to investors for facilitating comparisons of operating results and better identifying trends in our businesses. The constant currency performance measures should be viewed in addition to, and not in lieu of or superior to, our operating performance measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reconciliations between this non-U.S. GAAP financial measure and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure are included in the "Results of Operations" section where applicable. 
 Our discussion also includes reference to comparable store sales. Comparable store sales refer to the change in sales of our stores that have been open for at least 13 full fiscal months. Sales from our digital commerce sites are also included within comparable sales for those geographies that have been serviced by the related site for at least 13 full fiscal months. Sales for stores or digital commerce sites that are closed or shut down during the year are excluded from the calculation of comparable store sales. Sales for stores that are either relocated, enlarged (as defined by gross square footage expansion of 25 or greater), or generally closed for 30 or more consecutive days for renovation are also excluded from the calculation of comparable store sales until such stores have been operating in their new location or in their newly renovated state for at least 13 full fiscal months. All comparable store sales metrics are calculated on a 52-week and constant currency basis. 
 Our "Results of Operations" discussion that follows includes the significant changes in operating results arising from these items affecting comparability. However, unusual items or transactions may occur in any period. Accordingly, investors and other financial statement users should consider the types of events and transactions that have affected operating trends. 
 49 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations and expresses the percentage relationship to net revenues of certain financial statement captions. All percentages shown in the below table and the discussion that follows have been calculated using unrounded numbers. 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Change / bps Change (millions, except per share data) Net revenues 
 6,443.6 6,218.5 225.1 3.6 Cost of goods sold (2,277.8) (2,071.0) (206.8) 10.0 Gross profit 
 4,165.8 4,147.5 18.3 0.4 Gross profit as of net revenues 64.6 66.7 (210 bps) Selling, general, and administrative expenses (3,408.9) (3,305.6) (103.3) 3.1 SG A expenses as of net revenues 52.9 53.2 (30 bps) Impairment of assets (9.7) (21.3) 11.6 (54.6 Restructuring and other charges, net (43.0) (22.2) (20.8) 93.3 Operating income 
 704.2 798.4 (94.2) (11.8 Operating income as of net revenues 10.9 12.8 (190 bps) Interest expense (40.4) (54.0) 13.6 (25.3 Interest income 32.2 5.5 26.7 481.4 Other income (expense), net (4.1) 4.7 (8.8) NM Income before income taxes 
 691.9 754.6 (62.7) (8.3 Income tax provision (169.2) (154.5) (14.7) 9.5 Effective tax rate (a) 
 24.5 20.5 400 bps Net income 
 522.7 600.1 (77.4) (12.9 Net income per common share: Basic 
 7.72 8.22 (0.50) (6.1 Diluted 
 7.58 8.07 (0.49) (6.1 
 
 (a) Effective tax rate is calculated by dividing the income tax provision by income before income taxes. 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 Net Revenues. Net revenues increased by 225.1 million, or 3.6 , to 6.444 billion in Fiscal 2023 as compared to Fiscal 2022, including unfavorable foreign currency effects of 360.0 million. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 585.1 million, or 9.4 . These increases in net revenues reflected growth across all of our reportable segments despite the negative impact associated with the absence of the 53rd week, which resulted in incremental net revenues of 62.7 million during the prior fiscal year; the transition of our Chaps business to a fully licensed business model during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022; and the disposition of our former Club Monaco business at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 The following table summarizes the percentage change in our Fiscal 2023 consolidated comparable store sales as compared to the prior fiscal year: 
 Change Digital commerce 7 Brick and mortar 8 Total comparable store sales 8 
 50 

Our global average store count increased by 90 stores and concession shops during Fiscal 2023 compared with the prior fiscal year, driven by new openings primarily in Asia. The following table details our retail store presence by segment as of the periods presented: 
 April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Freestanding Stores: North America 237 239 Europe 104 95 Asia 212 170 Total freestanding stores 553 504 Concession Shops: North America 1 1 Europe 29 29 Asia 692 654 Total concession shops 722 684 Total stores 1,275 1,188 
 In addition to our stores, we sell products online in North America, Europe, and Asia through our various digital commerce sites, as well as through our Polo mobile app in North America. We also sell products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites, primarily in Asia. 
 Net revenues for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes in each reportable segment's net revenues from the prior fiscal year, are provided below: 
 Fiscal Years Ended Change Foreign Exchange Impact Change Change April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 As Reported Constant Currency As Reported Constant Currency (millions) Net Revenues: North America 3,020.5 2,968.2 52.3 (5.6) 57.9 1.8 2.0 Europe 1,839.2 1,780.7 58.5 (196.3) 254.8 3.3 14.3 Asia 1,426.7 1,286.8 139.9 (157.9) 297.8 10.9 23.1 Other non-reportable segments (a) 
 157.2 182.8 (25.6) (0.2) (25.4) (14.0 (13.9 Total net revenues 6,443.6 6,218.5 225.1 (360.0) 585.1 3.6 9.4 
 (a) Reflects the disposition of our former Club Monaco business at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 North America net revenues Net revenues increased by 52.3 million, or 1.8 , during Fiscal 2023 as compared to Fiscal 2022. This increase reflected the absence of the 53rd week, which resulted in incremental net revenues of approximately 30 million during the prior fiscal year, primarily related to our retail business. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 57.9 million, or 2.0 . 
 The 52.3 million increase in North America net revenues was driven by: 
 a 58.3 million increase related to our North America wholesale business largely driven by stronger sell-in trends as compared to the prior fiscal year. This increase was realized despite the transition of our Chaps business to a fully licensed business model during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 51 

This increase was partially offset by: 
 a 6.0 million decrease related to our North America retail business, reflecting the absence of the 53rd week, which resulted in incremental net revenues of approximately 28 million during the prior fiscal year. On a constant currency basis, net revenues decreased by 2.4 million, reflecting a decrease of 24.9 million in non-comparable store sales driven by the absence on the 53rd week, partially offset by an increase of 22.5 million in comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our North America retail business: 
 Change Digital commerce 3 Brick and mortar 1 Total comparable store sales 1 
 Europe net revenues Net revenues increased by 58.5 million, or 3.3 , during Fiscal 2023 as compared to Fiscal 2022. This increase reflected the absence of the 53rd week, which resulted in incremental net revenues of approximately 12 million during the prior fiscal year related to our retail business. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 254.8 million, or 14.3 . 
 The 58.5 million increase in Europe net revenues was driven by: 
 a 30.1 million increase related to our Europe retail business, inclusive of unfavorable foreign currency effects of 92.3 million and the absence of the 53rd week. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 122.4 million reflecting increases of 88.8 million in comparable store sales and 33.6 million in non-comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our Europe retail business: 
 Change Digital commerce 10 Brick and mortar 14 Total comparable store sales 13 
 a 28.4 million increase related to our Europe wholesale business largely driven by stronger post-pandemic demand during the first half of Fiscal 2023, coupled with improved timing of inventory receipts and fulfillment of customer orders, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of 104.0 million. 
 Asia net revenues Net revenues increased by 139.9 million, or 10.9 , during Fiscal 2023 as compared to Fiscal 2022, despite ongoing COVID-19-related disruptions continuing to sporadically occur throughout the fiscal year, as well as the absence of the 53rd week, which resulted in incremental net revenues of approximately 21 million during the prior fiscal year related to our retail business. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 297.8 million, or 23.1 . 
 The 139.9 million increase in Asia net revenues was driven by: 
 a 114.7 million increase related to our Asia retail business, inclusive of unfavorable foreign currency effects of 148.5 million and the absence of the 53rd week. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 263.2 million reflecting increases of 164.8 million in comparable store sales and 98.4 million in non-comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our Asia retail business: 
 Change Digital commerce 24 Brick and mortar 17 Total comparable store sales 17 
 a 25.2 million increase related to our Asia wholesale business, reflecting increases most notably in Japan, South Korea, and Australia, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of 9.4 million. 
 52 

Gross Profit. Gross profit increased by 18.3 million, or 0.4 , to 4.166 billion in Fiscal 2023, including unfavorable foreign currency effects of 330.3 million. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues decreased to 64.6 in Fiscal 2023 from 66.7 in Fiscal 2022. The 210 basis point decline was primarily driven by inflationary cost pressures, unfavorable foreign currency effects, and higher non-routine inventory charges recorded during Fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year, partially offset by higher pricing. 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues is dependent upon a variety of factors, including changes in the relative sales mix among distribution channels, changes in the mix of products sold, pricing, the timing and level of promotional activities, foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in material costs. These factors, among others, may cause gross profit as a percentage of net revenues to fluctuate from year to year. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses. SG A expenses include costs relating to compensation and benefits, advertising and marketing, rent and occupancy, distribution, information technology, legal, depreciation and amortization, bad debt, and other selling and administrative costs. SG A expenses increased by 103.3 million, or 3.1 , to 3.409 billion in Fiscal 2023, including favorable foreign currency effects of 165.8 million. SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased to 52.9 in Fiscal 2023 from 53.2 in Fiscal 2022. The 30 basis point decline was driven by operating leverage on higher net revenues. 
 The 103.3 million increase in SG A expenses was driven by: 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 (millions) SG A expense category: Compensation-related expenses 44.1 Shipping and handling costs 24.8 Staff-related expenses 21.8 Selling-related expenses 17.3 Consulting and professional fees 15.3 Non-income-related taxes (19.7) Marketing and advertising expenses (18.2) Other 17.9 Total increase in SG A expenses 103.3 
 Impairment of Assets. During Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, we recorded impairment charges of 9.7 million and 21.3 million, respectively, to write-down certain long-lived assets. See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Restructuring and Other Charges, Net. During Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, we recorded net restructuring charges and benefits of 19.2 million and 4.0 million, respectively, primarily consisting of severance and benefits costs (reversals) and restructuring-related other charges, as well as other charges of 23.8 million and 11.8 million, respectively, primarily related to rent and occupancy costs associated with certain previously exited real estate locations for which the related lease agreements have not yet expired. Additionally, during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, we recognized income of 3.5 million and 4.0 million, respectively, related to consideration received from Regent in connection with the sale of Club Monaco. We donated this income to The Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation, a non-profit, charitable foundation, which resulted in a related offsetting 3.5 million and 4.0 million donation expense recorded within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. We also recorded charges of 6.4 million during Fiscal 2022 in connection with non-income-related capital taxes resulting from Swiss tax reform. See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Operating Income. Operating income decreased by 94.2 million, or 11.8 , to 704.2 million during Fiscal 2023, reflecting unfavorable foreign currency effects of 164.5 million. Our operating results during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits) totaling 66.0 million and 32.6 million, respectively. Operating income as a percentage of net revenues was 10.9 in Fiscal 2023, reflecting a 190 basis point decline from Fiscal 2022. The decline in operating income as a percentage of net revenues was primarily driven by the decrease in our gross margin and higher net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and 
 53 

certain other charges (benefits) recorded during Fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year, partially offset by the decline in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues, all as previously discussed. 
 Operating income and margin for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes in each reportable segment's operating margin from the prior fiscal year, are provided below: 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Operating Income Operating Margin Operating Income Operating Margin Change Margin Change (millions) (millions) (millions) Segment: North America 543.2 18.0 676.7 22.8 (133.5) (480 bps) Europe 406.5 22.1 444.0 24.9 (37.5) (280 bps) Asia 289.6 20.3 228.8 17.8 60.8 250 bps Other non-reportable segments (a) 
 146.4 93.1 138.4 75.7 8.0 1,740 bps 1,385.7 1,487.9 (102.2) Unallocated corporate expenses (638.5) (667.3) 28.8 Unallocated restructuring and other charges, net (43.0) (22.2) (20.8) Total operating income 704.2 10.9 798.4 12.8 (94.2) (190 bps) 
 (a) Reflects the disposition of our former Club Monaco business at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 North America operating margin declined by 480 basis points, primarily due to the unfavorable impacts of approximately 320 basis points and 50 basis points related to our retail and wholesale businesses, respectively, both driven by an increase in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues and a decline in our gross margin. The overall decline in operating margin also reflected the unfavorable impact of 110 basis points attributable to higher asset impairment charges recorded during Fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Europe operating margin declined by 280 basis points, primarily due to the unfavorable impacts of 310 basis points attributable to foreign currency effects and approximately 50 basis points related to our retail business driven by a decline in our gross margin, partially offset by a decline in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues. These declines in operating margin were partially offset by the favorable impact of approximately 60 basis points related to our wholesale business, largely attributable to an increase in our gross margin. The overall decline in operating margin also reflected the favorable impact of 20 basis points attributable to lower non-routine bad debt expenses recorded during Fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Asia operating margin improved by 250 basis points, primarily due to the favorable impact of approximately 370 basis points related to our retail business driven by a decline in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues and an increase in our gross margin. The overall improvement in operating margin also reflected the favorable impact of approximately 50 basis points attributable to other factors, most notably favorable channel mix. These increases in operating margin were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of 170 basis points attributable to foreign currency effects. 
 Unallocated corporate expenses decreased by 28.8 million to 638.5 million in Fiscal 2023. The decline in unallocated corporate expenses was due to lower impairment charges of 17.3 million, lower non-income-related taxes of 16.9 million, lower compensation-related expenses of 11.5 million, and lower other expenses of 4.5 million, partially offset by higher consulting fees of 10.7 million and higher staff-related expenses of 10.7 million. 
 Unallocated restructuring and other charges, net increased by 20.8 million to 43.0 million in Fiscal 2023, as previously discussed above and in Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Non-operating Income (Expense), Net. Non-operating income (expense), net is comprised of interest expense, interest income, and other income (expense), net, which includes foreign currency gains (losses), equity in income (losses) from our equity-method investees, and other non-operating expenses. During Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, we reported non-operating expense, net, of 12.3 million and 43.8 million, respectively. The 31.5 million decrease in non-operating expense, net was driven by: 
 a 26.7 million increase in interest income, primarily driven by higher interest rates in financial markets; and 
 a 13.6 million decrease in interest expense, primarily driven by the lower average level of outstanding debt during Fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year resulting from our repayment of the 1.700 Senior Notes that matured on June 15, 2022 (see " Financial Condition and Liquidity Cash Flows "). 
 These favorable variances were partially offset by an increase in other expense, net of 8.8 million primarily driven by higher net foreign currency losses during Fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Income Tax Provision. The income tax provision represents federal, foreign, state and local income taxes. Our effective tax rate will change from period to period based on various factors including, but not limited to, the geographic mix of earnings, the timing and amount of foreign dividends, enacted tax legislation, state and local taxes, tax audit findings and settlements, and the interaction of various global tax strategies. 
 The income tax provision and effective tax rate in Fiscal 2023 were 169.2 million and 24.5 , respectively, compared to 154.5 million and 20.5 , respectively, in Fiscal 2022. The 14.7 million increase in our income tax provision was primarily driven by a 400 basis point increase in our effective tax rate, partially offset by the decline in our pretax income. The increase in our effective tax rate was primarily due to the absence of prior year deferred tax adjustments for certain deferred tax liabilities and the absence of certain favorable permanent adjustments. See Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Net Income. Net income decreased to 522.7 million in Fiscal 2023, from 600.1 million in Fiscal 2022. The 77.4 million decrease in net income was primarily due to the decline in our operating income, partially offset by a decline in non-operating expense, net, both as previously discussed. Our operating results during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits) totaling 66.0 million and 32.6 million, respectively, which had an after-tax effect of reducing net income by 52.9 million and 23.2 million, respectively. Our net income during Fiscal 2022 reflected the favorable impact of the inclusion of the 53rd week, which increased net income by 16.5 million. 
 Net Income per Diluted Share. Net income per diluted share decreased to 7.58 in Fiscal 2023, from 8.07 in Fiscal 2022. The 0.49 per share decrease was driven by the lower level of net income, as previously discussed, partially offset by lower weighted-average diluted shares outstanding during Fiscal 2023 driven by our share repurchases during the last twelve months. Net income per diluted share for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 were also negatively impacted by 0.76 per share and 0.31 per share respectively, attributable to net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits), as previously discussed. Net income per diluted share during Fiscal 2022 reflected the favorable impact of the inclusion of the 53rd week, which increased net income per diluted share by 0.22 per share. 
 55 

Fiscal 2022 Compared to Fiscal 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations and expresses the percentage relationship to net revenues of certain financial statement captions. All percentages shown in the below table and the discussion that follows have been calculated using unrounded numbers. 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 Change / bps Change (millions, except per share data) Net revenues 
 6,218.5 4,400.8 1,817.7 41.3 Cost of goods sold (2,071.0) (1,539.4) (531.6) 34.5 Gross profit 
 4,147.5 2,861.4 1,286.1 44.9 Gross profit as of net revenues 66.7 65.0 170 bps Selling, general, and administrative expenses (3,305.6) (2,638.5) (667.1) 25.3 SG A expenses as of net revenues 53.2 60.0 (680 bps) Impairment of assets (21.3) (96.0) 74.7 (77.9 Restructuring and other charges, net (22.2) (170.5) 148.3 (86.9 Operating income (loss) 
 798.4 (43.6) 842.0 NM Operating income (loss) as of net revenues 12.8 (1.0 1,380 bps Interest expense (54.0) (48.5) (5.5) 11.4 Interest income 5.5 9.7 (4.2) (42.9 Other income, net 4.7 7.6 (2.9) (37.9 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 754.6 (74.8) 829.4 NM Income tax provision (154.5) (46.3) (108.2) 233.6 Effective tax rate (a) 
 20.5 (61.9 8,240 bps Net income (loss) 
 600.1 (121.1) 721.2 NM Net income (loss) per common share: Basic 
 8.22 (1.65) 9.87 NM Diluted 
 8.07 (1.65) 9.72 NM 
 
 (a) Effective tax rate is calculated by dividing the income tax provision by income (loss) before income taxes. 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 Net Revenues. Net revenues increased by 1.818 billion, or 41.3 , to 6.219 billion in Fiscal 2022 as compared to Fiscal 2021, including unfavorable foreign currency effects of 24.5 million. This increase also reflected the favorable impact of the 53rd week in Fiscal 2022, which resulted in incremental net revenues of 62.7 million. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 1.842 billion, or 41.9 . The increase in net revenues reflected growth across all regions largely driven by a reductio n in store closures and other COVID-19-related disruptions experienced during Fiscal 2022 as compared to Fiscal 2021, coupled with continued growth in our digital commerce operations and overall stronger consumer demand, as well as the benefit of the incremental 53rd week, as previously discussed. This growth was partially offset by the disposition of our former Club Monaco business at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022 and the transition of our Chaps business to a fully licensed business model during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 The following table summarizes the percentage change in our Fiscal 2022 consolidated comparable store sales as compared to the prior fiscal year: 
 Change Digital commerce 32 Brick and mortar 43 Total comparable store sales 40 
 56 

Our global average store count decreased by 25 stores and concession shops during Fiscal 2022 compared with the prior fiscal year, largely driven by the sale of our former Club Monaco business on June 26, 2021, partially offset by new openings primarily in Asia. The following table details our retail store presence by segment as of the periods presented: 
 April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 Freestanding Stores: North America 239 233 Europe 95 92 Asia 170 151 Other non-reportable segments 72 Total freestanding stores 504 548 Concession Shops: North America 1 1 Europe 29 29 Asia 654 616 Other non-reportable segments 4 Total concession shops 684 650 Total stores 1,188 1,198 
 In addition to our stores, we sold products online in North America, Europe, and Asia through our various digital commerce sites, as well as through our mobile apps in North America and the United Kingdom. We also sold products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites, primarily in Asia. 
 Net revenues for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes in each reportable segment's net revenues from the prior fiscal year, are provided below: 
 Fiscal Years Ended Change Foreign Exchange Impact Change Change April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 As Reported Constant Currency As Reported Constant Currency (millions) Net Revenues: North America 2,968.2 1,992.4 975.8 4.4 971.4 49.0 48.8 Europe 1,780.7 1,165.9 614.8 (12.9) 627.7 52.7 53.8 Asia 1,286.8 1,027.5 259.3 (16.0) 275.3 25.2 26.8 Other non-reportable segments (a) 
 182.8 215.0 (32.2) (32.2) (15.0 (15.0 Total net revenues 6,218.5 4,400.8 1,817.7 (24.5) 1,842.2 41.3 41.9 
 (a) Reflects the disposition of our former Club Monaco business at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 North America net revenues Net revenues increased by 975.8 million, or 49.0 , during Fiscal 2022 as compared to Fiscal 2021, inclusive of the favorable impact of the 53rd week in Fiscal 2022, which resulted in incremental net revenues of approximately 30 million, primarily related to our retail business. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 971.4 million, or 48.8 . 
 The 975.8 million increase in North America net revenues was driven by: 
 a 664.5 million increase related to our North America retail business, reflecting a reduction in store closures and other COVID-19-related disruptions and the continued growth in our digital commerce operations, as well as the favorable impact of the 53rd week in Fiscal 2022. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 661.4 million, reflecting increases of 576.8 million in comparable store sales and 84.6 million in non-comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our North America retail business: 
 57 

Change Digital commerce 35 Brick and mortar 55 Total comparable store sales 49 
 a 311.3 million increase related to our North America wholesale business largely driven by reduced shipments during the comparable prior fiscal year period due to significant COVID-19-related business disruptions, coupled with overall stronger consumer demand. This growth was partially offset by the transition of our Chaps business to a fully licensed business model during the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, as well as other strategic resets within our wholesale distribution channel. 
 Europe net revenues Net revenues increased by 614.8 million, or 52.7 , during Fiscal 2022 as compared to Fiscal 2021, inclusive of the favorable impact of the 53rd week in Fiscal 2022, which resulted in incremental net revenues of approximately 12 million related to our retail business. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 627.7 million, or 53.8 . 
 The 614.8 million increase in Europe net revenues was driven by: 
 a 311.2 million increase related to our Europe retail business, reflecting a reduction in store closures and other COVID-19-related disruptions and the continued growth in our digital commerce operations, as well as the favorable impact of the 53rd week in Fiscal 2022. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 311.8 million, reflecting increases of 269.8 million in comparable store sales and 42.0 million in non-comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our Europe retail business: 
 Change Digital commerce 18 Brick and mortar 75 Total comparable store sales 57 
 a 303.6 million increase related to our Europe wholesale business largely driven by reduced shipments during the comparable prior fiscal year period due to significant COVID-19-related business disruptions and overall stronger consumer demand, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of 12.3 million. 
 Asia net revenues Net revenues increased by 259.3 million, or 25.2 , during Fiscal 2022 as compared to Fiscal 2021, inclusive of the favorable impact of the 53rd week in Fiscal 2022, which resulted in incremental net revenues of approximately 21 million related to our retail business. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 275.3 million, or 26.8 . 
 The 259.3 million increase in Asia net revenues was driven by: 
 a 239.0 million increase related to our Asia retail business, reflecting a reduction in store closures and other COVID-19-related disruptions and the continued growth in our digital commerce operations, as well as the favorable impact of the 53rd week in Fiscal 2022, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of 14.7 million. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 253.7 million, reflecting increases of 145.2 million in comparable store sales and 108.5 million in non-comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our Asia retail business: 
 Change Digital commerce 54 Brick and mortar 15 Total comparable store sales 17 
 a 20.3 million increase related to our Asia wholesale business, reflecting increases most notably in Australia, South Korea, Southeast Asia, and Japan. 
 58 

Gross Profit. Gross profit increased by 1.286 billion, or 44.9 , to 4.148 billion in Fiscal 2022, including unfavorable foreign currency effects of 18.9 million. Gross profit during Fiscal 2022 reflects non-routine inventory benefits of 13.3 million related to reversals of amounts previously recorded in connection with COVID-19 business disruptions. In comparison, gross profit during Fiscal 2021 reflects non-routine inventory charges of 21.0 million related to COVID-19 business disruptions and 8.3 million recorded in connection with our restructuring plans. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues increased to 66.7 in Fiscal 2022 from 65.0 in Fiscal 2021. The 170 basis point improvement was primarily driven by lower non-routine inventory charges recorded during Fiscal 2022 as compared to the prior fiscal year, as well as higher pricing, lower levels of promotional activity, and product mix, partially offset by higher product and freight costs and the absence of unusual geographic and channel mix benefits experienced during the prior fiscal year in connection with COVID-19-related business disruptions in North America and Europe. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses. SG A expenses increased by 667.1 million, or 25.3 , to 3.306 billion in Fiscal 2022, including favorable foreign currency effects of 5.7 million. The increase in SG A expenses reflects a reduction in the magnitude of COVID-19 business disruptions and our related mitigating actions, which during Fiscal 2021 included (i) lower compensation-related expenses driven by employee furloughs and terminations, reduced pay for our executives, senior management team, and Board of Directors, and COVID-19-related government subsidies, and (ii) lower rent and occupancy costs largely driven by reduced percentage-of-sales-based rent due to widespread store closures and a reduction in traffic, as well as rent abatements negotiated with certain of our landlords. The increase in SG A expenses also reflects our investments to drive strategic growth, including our marketing and advertising initiatives, and higher non-routine bad debt expense recorded during Fiscal 2022 as compared to the prior fiscal year, partially offset by expense savings associated with the disposition of our former Club Monaco business at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased to 53.2 in Fiscal 2022 from 60.0 in Fiscal 2021. The 680 basis point decline was primarily driven by operating leverage on higher net revenues, partially offset by higher expenses across various categories to drive strategic growth, coupled with the return to more normalized operations in comparison to the prior fiscal year. 
 The 667.1 million increase in SG A expenses was driven by: 
 Fiscal 2022 Compared to Fiscal 2021 (millions) SG A expense category: Compensation-related expenses 227.2 Marketing and advertising expenses 191.3 Selling-related expenses 69.4 Rent and occupancy costs 64.4 Shipping and handling costs 31.7 Staff-related expenses 26.6 Bad debt expense 25.4 Other 31.1 Total increase in SG A expenses 667.1 
 Impairment of Assets. During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, we recorded impairment charges of 21.3 million and 96.0 million, respectively, to write-down certain long-lived assets. See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Restructuring and Other Charges, Net. During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, we recorded restructuring charges of 4.0 million and 159.1 million, respectively, primarily consisting of severance and benefits costs and other cash charges, as well as other charges of 11.8 million and 11.4 million, respectively, primarily related to rent and occupancy costs associated with certain previously exited real estate locations for which the related lease agreements have not yet expired. Additionally, during Fiscal 2022, we recognized 4.0 million of income primarily related to a certain revenue share clause in our agreement with Regent that entitled us to receive a portion of the sales generated by the Club Monaco business during a four-month business transition period. We donated this income to The Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation, which resulted in a related offsetting 4.0 million donation expense recorded within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations during Fiscal 2022. We also recorded a charge of 6.4 million during Fiscal 2022 in connection with non-income-related capital taxes resulting from Swiss tax reform. See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

Operating Income (Loss). During Fiscal 2022, we reported operating income of 798.4 million, as compared to an operating loss of 43.6 million during Fiscal 2021. The 842.0 million increase in operating income reflects the return to more normalized operations in comparison to the prior fiscal year period, as previously discussed, as well as unfavorable foreign currency effects of 13.2 million. Our operating results during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits) totaling 32.6 million and 254.4 million, respectively. Operating income as a percentage of net revenues was 12.8 in Fiscal 2022, reflecting a 1,380 basis point improvement from Fiscal 2021. The improvement in operating income as a percentage of net revenues was primarily driven by lower net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits) recorded during Fiscal 2022 as compared to the prior fiscal year, the decrease in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues, and the increase in our gross margin, all as previously discussed. 
 Operating income (loss) and margin for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes in each reportable segment's operating margin from the prior fiscal year, are provided below: 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 Operating Income (Loss) Operating Margin Operating Income (Loss) Operating Margin Change Margin Change (millions) (millions) (millions) Segment: North America 676.7 22.8 334.0 16.8 342.7 600 bps Europe 444.0 24.9 189.3 16.2 254.7 870 bps Asia 228.8 17.8 148.2 14.4 80.6 340 bps Other non-reportable segments (a) 
 138.4 75.7 32.4 15.1 106.0 6,060 bps 1,487.9 703.9 784.0 Unallocated corporate expenses (667.3) (577.0) (90.3) Unallocated restructuring and other charges, net (22.2) (170.5) 148.3 Total operating income (loss) 798.4 12.8 (43.6) (1.0 842.0 1,380 bps 
 
 (a) Reflects the disposition of our former Club Monaco business at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. 
 North America operating margin improved by 600 basis points, primarily due to the favorable impacts of approximately 330 basis points and 170 basis points related to our retail and wholesale businesses, respectively, both largely driven by a decline in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues resulting from operating leverage on higher net revenues. The basis point improvement of our retail business also reflected an increase in our gross margin, while the improvement in our wholesale business reflected a decline in our gross margin. The overall improvement in operating margin also reflected the favorable impact of 100 basis points attributable to lower impairment of assets and non-routine inventory charges during Fiscal 2022 as compared to Fiscal 2021, partially offset by the absence of favorable non-routine bad debt expense adjustments recorded during Fiscal 2022. 
 Europe operating margin improved by 870 basis points, primarily due to the favorable impacts of approximately 530 basis points and 320 basis points related to our retail and wholesale businesses, respectively, both largely driven by a decline in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues resulting from operating leverage on higher net revenues. The overall improvement in operating margin also reflected the favorable impact of 90 basis points attributable to lower impairment of assets during Fiscal 2022 as compared to Fiscal 2021, partially offset by higher non-routine bad debt expense recorded during Fiscal 2022. These improvements in operating margin were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects and channel mix of approximately 40 basis points and 30 basis points, respectively. 
 Asia operating margin improved by 340 basis points, primarily due to the favorable impact of approximately 260 basis points related to our retail business, largely driven by an increase in our gross margin and a decline in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues. The overall improvement in operating margin also reflected 40 basis points related to our wholesale business, largely driven by a decline in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues. The remaining 40 basis point improvement was primarily driven by favorable foreign currency effects. 
 60 

Unallocated corporate expenses increased by 90.3 million to 667.3 million in Fiscal 2022. The increase in unallocated corporate expenses was due to higher compensation-related expenses of 88.4 million, higher marketing and advertising expenses of 42.1 million, higher consulting fees of 13.8 million and higher other expenses of 11.7 million, partially offset by higher intercompany sourcing commission income of 43.3 million (which is offset at the segment level and eliminates in consolidation) and lower impairment charges of 22.4 million. 
 Unallocated restructuring and other charges, net decreased by 148.3 million to 22.2 million in Fiscal 2022, as previously discussed above and in Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Non-operating Income (Expense), Net. During Fiscal 2022, we reported non-operating expense, net, of 43.8 million, as compared to 31.2 million in Fiscal 2021. The 12.6 million increase in non-operating expense, net was driven by: 
 a 5.5 million increase in interest expense, primarily driven by our finance leases, as well as the higher average level of outstanding debt during Fiscal 2022 (see " Financial Condition and Liquidity Cash Flows "); 
 a 4.2 million decline in interest income, primarily driven by lower interest rates in financial markets; and 
 a 2.9 million decline in other income (expense), net, primarily driven by lower net foreign currency gains during Fiscal 2022 as compared to the prior fiscal year period. 
 Income Tax Provision. The income tax provision and effective tax rate in Fiscal 2022 were 154.5 million and 20.5 , respectively, as compared to 46.3 million and (61.9 ), respectively, in Fiscal 2021. The 108.2 million increase in our income tax provision was driven by the increase in our pretax income, as well as an increase in our effective tax rate of 8,240 basis points. Our income tax provision in Fiscal 2021 reflected incremental tax expense of 33.7 million primarily related to a valuation allowance provided against domestic losses attributable to significant COVID-19 business disruptions and 13.8 million related to international tax legislation enacted in connection with the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive, partially offset by an income tax benefit of 0.9 million primarily due to a net operating loss carryback under the CARES Act. Collectively, this 46.6 million of net incremental tax expense impacted our prior fiscal year effective tax rate by 6,230 basis points. The remaining 2,010 basis point increase in our effective tax rate was primarily driven by the impact of stock compensation, favorable impact of the change in the geographic mix of our worldwide earnings, tax adjustments related to audit settlements, and certain deferred tax adjustments, partially offset by 3.4 million related to a net operating loss carryback under the CARES Act. See Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Net Income (Loss). We reported net income of 600.1 million in Fiscal 2022, as compared to a net loss of 121.1 million in Fiscal 2021. The 721.2 million increase in net income was primarily due to the increase in our operating income, partially offset by the increase in our income tax provision, both as previously discussed. Our operating results during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits) totaling 32.6 million and 254.4 million, respectively, which had an after-tax effect of reducing net income by 23.2 million and 201.5 million, respectively. Partially offsetting these charges was the favorable impact of the 53rd week in Fiscal 2022, which increased net income by 16.5 million. Our net loss during Fiscal 2021 also reflected 46.6 million of incremental net tax expense recorded in connection with one-time tax events, as previously discussed. 
 Net Income (Loss) per Diluted Share. We reported net income per diluted share of 8.07 in Fiscal 2022, as compared to a net loss per diluted share of 1.65 in Fiscal 2021. The 9.72 per share increase was driven by the higher level of net income, as previously discussed. Net income per diluted share in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were negatively impacted by 0.31 per share and 2.71 per share, respectively, related to net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits), and favorably impacted by approximately 0.22 per share as a result of the 53rd week in Fiscal 2022, as previously discussed. Net loss per diluted share in Fiscal 2021 was also negatively impacted by 0.64 per share due to incremental net tax expense recorded in connection with one-time tax events, as previously discussed. 
 61 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY 
 Financial Condition 
 The following table presents our financial condition as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022. 
 April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Change (millions) Cash and cash equivalents 1,529.3 1,863.8 (334.5) Short-term investments 36.4 734.6 (698.2) Current portion of long-term debt (a) 
 (499.8) 499.8 Long-term debt (a) 
 (1,138.5) (1,136.5) (2.0) Net cash and short-term investments 427.2 962.1 (534.9) Equity 2,430.5 2,536.0 (105.5) 
 
 (a) See Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of the carrying values of our debt. 
 The decrease in our net cash and short-term investments position at April 1, 2023 as compared to April 2, 2022 was primarily due to our use of cash to support Class A common stock repurchases of 488.6 million, including withholdings in satisfaction of tax obligations for stock-based compensation awards, to invest in our business through 217.5 million in capital expenditures, and to make dividend payments of 198.3 million, as well as the unfavorable effect of exchange rate changes on our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of 8.8 million, partially offset by operating cash flows of 411.0 million. 
 The decrease in our equity was attributable to our share repurchase activity and dividends declared during Fiscal 2023, partially offset by our comprehensive income and the net impact of stock-based compensation arrangements. 
 Cash Flows 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Change (millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 411.0 715.9 (304.9) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 471.5 (717.9) 1,189.4 Net cash used in financing activities (1,208.8) (665.7) (543.1) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (8.8) (48.3) 39.5 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (335.1) (716.0) 380.9 
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities was 411.0 million during Fiscal 2023, as compared to 715.9 million during Fiscal 2022. The 304.9 million net decrease in cash provided by operating activities was due to a net unfavorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, as compared to the prior fiscal year period, as well as the decline in net income before non-cash charges. 
 The net unfavorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, was primarily driven by: 
 a net unfavorable change in our accounts payable and accrued liabilities largely driven by a decrease in our bonus accrual and the timing of cash payments, coupled with an unfavorable change in our dividends payable related to the temporary suspension and subsequent resumption of our quarterly cash dividend program in Fiscal 2022; and 
 an unfavorable change related to our accounts receivable, largely driven by stronger performance in our wholesale businesses, as well as timing of cash receipts. 
 62 

These decreases related to our operating assets and liabilities were partially offset by: 
 a favorable change related to our inventories, largely driven by a more normalized receipt cadence; and 
 a favorable change related to our income tax receivables and payables largely driven by the timing of cash receipts and payments, respectively. 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities. Net cash provided by investing activities was 471.5 million during Fiscal 2023, as compared to cash used in investing activities of 717.9 million during Fiscal 2022. The 1.189 billion increase in cash provided by investing activities was primarily driven by: 
 a 1.241 billion increase in proceeds from sales and maturities of investments, less purchases of investments. During Fiscal 2023, we received net proceeds from sales and maturities of investments of 694.8 million, as compared to making net purchases of investments of 546.0 million during Fiscal 2022. 
 This increase in cash provided by investing activities was partially offset by: 
 a 50.6 million increase in capital expenditures. During Fiscal 2023, we spent 217.5 million on capital expenditures, as compared to 166.9 million during Fiscal 2022. Our capital expenditures during Fiscal 2023 primarily related to store openings and renovations, as well as enhancements to our information technology systems. 
 In Fiscal 2024, we expect to spend approximately 275 million to 300 million on capital expenditures primarily related to store opening and renovations, as well as enhancements to our information technology systems. 
 Net Cash Used in Financing Activities. Net cash used in financing activities was 1.209 billion during Fiscal 2023, as compared to 665.7 million during Fiscal 2022. The 543.1 million increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by: 
 a 500.0 million increase in cash used to repay debt. During Fiscal 2023, we repaid our previously outstanding 500.0 million principal amount of unsecured 1.700 senior notes that matured June 15, 2022. On a comparative basis, during Fiscal 2022, we did not issue or repay any debt; and 
 a 48.3 million increase in payments of dividends, due to the reinstatement of our quarterly cash dividend program during Fiscal 2022 after being temporarily suspended at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic as a preemptive action to preserve cash and strengthen our liquidity position, as discussed in " Dividends " below, as well as an increase to the quarterly cash dividend per share. Dividends paid amounted to 198.3 million and 150.0 million, during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. 
 Fiscal 2022 Compared to Fiscal 2021 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 Change (millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 715.9 380.9 335.0 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (717.9) 195.0 (912.9) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (665.7) 356.8 (1,022.5) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (48.3) 25.5 (73.8) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (716.0) 958.2 (1,674.2) 
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities was 715.9 million during Fiscal 2022, as compared to 380.9 million during Fiscal 2021. The 335.0 million increase in cash provided by operating activities was due to an increase in net income before non-cash charges, partially offset by a net unfavorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, as compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 63 

The net unfavorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, was primarily driven by: 
 a year-over-year increase in our inventory levels largely to support revenue growth, as well as higher goods-in-transit to mitigate ongoing global supply chain delays; 
 a net unfavorable change in our accrued liabilities largely driven by an unfavorable change in our restructuring reserve due to a decrease in restructuring charges recorded during Fiscal 2022 as compared to the prior fiscal year, partially offset by a favorable change in our dividends payable related to the temporary suspension and subsequent resumption of our quarterly cash dividend program; and 
 an unfavorable change related to our prepaid expenses and other current assets largely driven by an increase in non-trade receivables primarily related to transition services being performed in connection with the disposition of our former Club Monaco business (see " Recent Developments "), as well as the timing of cash payments; and 
 an unfavorable change related to our income tax receivables and payables largely driven by the timing of cash receipts and payments, respectively. 
 These decreases related to our operating assets and liabilities were partially offset by: 
 a favorable change related to our accounts receivable, largely driven by a return to more normalized operations in comparison to the prior fiscal year period. 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities. Net cash used in investing activities was 717.9 million during Fiscal 2022, as compared to cash provided by investing activities of 195.0 million during Fiscal 2021. The 912.9 million decrease in cash provided by investing activities was primarily driven by: 
 an 848.6 million decrease in proceeds from sales and maturities of investments, less purchases of investments. During Fiscal 2022, we made net purchases of investments of 546.0 million, as compared to receiving net proceeds from sales and maturities of investments of 302.6 million during Fiscal 2021; and 
 a 59.1 million increase in capital expenditures. During Fiscal 2022, we spent 166.9 million on capital expenditures, as compared to 107.8 million during Fiscal 2021. Our capital expenditures during Fiscal 2022 primarily related to store openings and renovations, as well as enhancements to our information technology systems. 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities. Net cash used in financing activities was 665.7 million during Fiscal 2022, as compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 356.8 million during Fiscal 2021. The 1.022 billion decrease in cash provided by financing activities was primarily driven by: 
 a 466.9 million decrease in cash proceeds from the issuance of debt, less debt repayments. During Fiscal 2022, we did not issue or repay any debt. On a comparative basis, during Fiscal 2021, we received 1.242 billion in proceeds from the issuance of our 1.700 unsecured senior notes and 2.950 unsecured senior notes, a portion of which was used to repay 475.0 million of borrowings previously outstanding under our credit facilities and our previously outstanding 300.0 million principal amount of 2.625 unsecured senior notes that matured August 18, 2020; 
 a 454.9 million increase in cash used to repurchase shares of our Class A common stock. During Fiscal 2022, we resumed activities under our common stock repurchase program and repurchased 450.5 million of shares of our Class A common stock, and an additional 42.1 million in shares of our Class A common stock were surrendered or withheld in satisfaction of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of awards under our long-term stock incentive plans. On a comparative basis, during Fiscal 2021, 37.7 million in shares of our Class A common stock were surrendered or withheld for taxes; and 
 a 100.2 million increase in payments of dividends, driven by the reinstatement of our quarterly cash dividend program during Fiscal 2022 after being temporarily suspended at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic as a preemptive action to preserve cash and strengthen our liquidity position, as discussed in " Dividends " below. 
 64 

Sources of Liquidity 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are the cash flows generated from our operations, our available cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, availability under our credit and overdraft facilities and commercial paper program, and other available financing options. 
 During Fiscal 2023, we generated 411.0 million of net cash flows from our operations. As of April 1, 2023, we had 1.566 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, of which 930.4 million were held by our subsidiaries domiciled outside the U.S. We are not dependent on foreign cash to fund our domestic operations. Undistributed foreign earnings generated on or before December 31, 2017 that were subject to the one-time mandatory transition tax in connection with U.S. tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "TCJA") are not considered to be permanently reinvested and may be repatriated to the U.S. in the future with minimal or no additional U.S. taxation. We intend to permanently reinvest undistributed foreign earnings generated after December 31, 2017 that were not subject to the one-time mandatory transition tax. However, if our plans change and we choose to repatriate post-2017 earnings to the U.S. in the future, we would be subject to applicable U.S. and foreign taxes. 
 The following table presents the total availability, borrowings outstanding, and remaining availability under our credit and overdraft facilities and Commercial Paper Program as of April 1, 2023: 
 April 1, 2023 Description (a) 
 Total Availability Borrowings Outstanding Remaining Availability (millions) Global Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program (b) 
 500 12 (c) 
 488 Pan-Asia Credit Facilities 37 37 Pan-Asia Overdraft Facilities 52 52 
 
 (a) As defined in Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 (b) Borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program are supported by the Global Credit Facility. Accordingly, we do not expect combined borrowings outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program and the Global Credit Facility to exceed 500 million. 
 (c) Represents outstanding letters of credit for which we were contingently liable under the Global Credit Facility as of April 1, 2023. 
 We believe that the Global Credit Facility is adequately diversified with no undue concentration in any one financial institution. In particular, as of April 1, 2023, there were eight financial institutions participating in the Global Credit Facility, with no one participant maintaining a maximum commitment percentage in excess of 20 . In accordance with the terms of the agreement, we have the ability to expand our borrowing availability under the Global Credit Facility to 1 billion through the full term of the facility, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders under the facility to increase their commitments. 
 Borrowings under the Pan-Asia Credit Facilities and Pan-Asia Overdraft Facilities (collectively, the "Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities") are guaranteed by the parent company and are granted at the sole discretion of the participating banks (as described within Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), subject to availability of the respective banks' funds and satisfaction of certain regulatory requirements. We have no reason to believe that the participating institutions will be unable to fulfill their obligations to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the Global Credit Facility and the Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities in the event of our election to draw additional funds in the foreseeable future. 
 Our sources of liquidity are used to fund our ongoing cash requirements, including working capital requirements, global retail store and digital commerce expansion, construction and renovation of shop-within-shops, investment in infrastructure, including technology, acquisitions, payment of dividends, debt repayments, Class A common stock repurchases, settlement of contingent liabilities (including uncertain tax positions), and other corporate activities, including our restructuring actions. We believe that our existing sources of cash, the availability under our credit facilities, and our ability to access capital markets will be sufficient to support our operating, capital, and debt service requirements for the foreseeable future, the ongoing development of our businesses, and our plans for further business expansion. However, prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions in any of our key regions, or a combination thereof, such as those resulting from pandemic 
 65 

diseases and other catastrophic events, could impede our ability to pay our obligations as they become due or return value to our shareholders, as well as delay previously planned expenditures related to our operations. 
 See Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our credit facilities. 
 Debt and Covenant Compliance 
 In August 2018, we completed a registered public debt offering and issued 400 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due September 15, 2025, which bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.750 , payable semi-annually (the "3.750 Senior Notes"). In June 2020, we completed another registered public debt offering and issued an additional 500 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes that were due and repaid on June 15, 2022 with cash on hand, which bore interest at a fixed rate of 1.700 , payable semi-annually (the "1.700 Senior Notes"), and 750 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due June 15, 2030, which bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.950 , payable semi-annually (the "2.950 Senior Notes"). 
 The indenture and supplemental indentures governing the 3.750 Senior Notes and 2.950 Senior Notes (as supplemented, the "Indenture") contain certain covenants that restrict our ability, subject to specified exceptions, to incur certain liens; enter into sale and leaseback transactions; consolidate or merge with another party; or sell, lease, or convey all or substantially all of our property or assets to another party. However, the Indenture does not contain any financial covenants. 
 We have a credit facility that provides for a 500 million senior unsecured revolving line of credit through August 12, 2024, which is also used to support the issuance of letters of credit and the maintenance of the Commercial Paper Program (the "Global Credit Facility"). Borrowings under the Global Credit Facility may be denominated in U.S. Dollars and other currencies, including Euros, Hong Kong Dollars, and Japanese Yen. We have the ability to expand the borrowing availability under the Global Credit Facility to 1 billion, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders under the facility to increase their commitments. There are no mandatory reductions in borrowing ability throughout the term of the Global Credit Facility. 
 The Global Credit Facility contains a number of covenants, as described in Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As of April 1, 2023, no Event of Default (as such term is defined pursuant to the Global Credit Facility) has occurred under our Global Credit Facility. The Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities do not contain any financial covenants. 
 See Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our debt and covenant compliance. 
 Common Stock Repurchase Program 
 Repurchases of shares of our Class A common stock are subject to overall business and market conditions, as well as other potential factors such as the temporary restrictions previously in place under our Global Credit Facility. Accordingly, in response to business disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, effective beginning in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, we temporarily suspended our common stock repurchase program as a preemptive action to preserve cash and strengthen our liquidity position. During the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, we resumed activities under our Class A common stock repurchase program as restrictions under our Global Credit Facility were lifted (see Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements) and overall business and market conditions have improved since the COVID-19 pandemic first emerged. 
 On February 2, 2022, our Board of Directors approved an expansion of our existing common stock repurchase program that allowed us to repurchase up to an additional 1.500 billion of our Class A common stock. As of April 1, 2023, the remaining availability under our Class A common stock repurchase program was approximately 1.175 billion. 
 As discussed in Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Inflation Reduction Act ("IRA") was signed into law by President Biden in August 2022. Among its various provisions, the IRA imposes a 1 excise tax on share repurchases made after December 31, 2022. 
 See Note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our Class A common stock repurchase program. 
 66 

Dividends 
 Except as discussed below, we have maintained a regular quarterly cash dividend program on our common stock since 2003. 
 In response to business disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, effective beginning in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, we temporarily suspended our quarterly cash dividend program as a preemptive action to preserve cash and strengthen our liquidity position. On May 19, 2021, our Board of Directors approved the reinstatement of our quarterly cash dividend program at the pre-pandemic amount of 0.6875 per share. 
 On May 18, 2022, our Board of Directors approved an increase to the quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from 0.6875 to 0.75 per share. 
 We intend to continue to pay regular dividends on outstanding shares of our common stock. However, any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will ultimately be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant, including economic and market conditions. 
 See Note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our quarterly cash dividend program. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Firm Commitments 
 The following table summarizes certain of our aggregate material cash requirements as of April 1, 2023, and the estimated timing and effect that such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods. We expect to fund these firm commitments with operating cash flows generated in the normal course of business and, if necessary, through availability under our credit facilities or other accessible sources of financing. 
 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025-2026 Fiscal 2027-2028 Fiscal 2029 and Thereafter Total (millions) Senior Notes 400.0 750.0 1,150.0 Interest payments on debt 37.1 66.8 44.3 55.3 203.5 Operating leases 299.1 515.9 336.2 386.9 1,538.1 Finance leases 33.0 68.5 65.6 242.6 409.7 Other lease commitments 1.5 5.4 3.9 10.0 20.8 Inventory purchase commitments 878.6 878.6 Mandatory transition tax payments 23.4 75.9 99.3 Other commitments 54.5 55.8 11.3 20.5 142.1 Total 1,327.2 1,188.3 461.3 1,465.3 4,442.1 
 The following is a description of our material, firmly committed obligations as of April 1, 2023: 
 Senior Notes represent the principal amount of our outstanding 3.750 Senior Notes and 2.950 Senior Notes. Amounts do not include any call premiums, unamortized debt issuance costs, or interest payments (see below); 
 Interest payments on debt represent the semi-annual contractual interest payments due on our 3.750 Senior Notes and 2.950 Senior Notes. Amounts do not include the impact of potential cash flows underlying our related swap contracts (see Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of our swap contracts); 
 Lease obligations represent fixed payments due over the lease term of our noncancelable leases of real estate and operating equipment, including rent, real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance fees, and/or certain other costs. For lease terms that have commenced, information has been presented separately for operating and 
 67 

finance leases. Other lease commitments relate to executed lease agreements for which the related lease terms have not yet commenced as of April 1, 2023; 
 Inventory purchase commitments represent our legally-binding agreements to purchase fixed or minimum quantities of goods at determinable prices; 
 Mandatory transition tax payments represent our remaining tax obligation incurred in connection with the deemed repatriation of previously deferred foreign earnings pursuant to the TCJA (see Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of the TCJA); and 
 Other commitments primarily represent our legally-binding obligations under sponsorship, licensing, and other marketing and advertising agreements; information technology-related service agreements; and pension-related obligations. 
 Excluded from the above contractual obligations table is the non-current liability for unrecognized tax benefits of 93.8 million as of April 1, 2023, as we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period in which the liability will be settled, if ever. The above table also excludes the following: (i) amounts recorded in current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet as of April 1, 2023, which will be paid within one year, other than lease obligations, mandatory transition tax payments, and accrued interest payments on debt; and (ii) non-current liabilities that have no cash outflows associated with them (e.g., deferred income), or the cash outflows associated with them are uncertain or do not represent a "purchase obligation" as such term is used herein (e.g., deferred taxes, derivative financial instruments, and other miscellaneous items). 
 We also have certain contractual arrangements that would require us to make payments if certain events or circumstances occur. See Note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of our contingent commitments not included in the above table. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In addition to the commitments included in the above table, our other off-balance sheet firm commitments relating to our outstanding letters of credit amounted to 11.9 million as of April 1, 2023. We do not maintain any other off-balance sheet arrangements, transactions, obligations, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities that would be expected to have a material current or future effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT 
 As discussed in Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we are exposed to a variety of levels and types of risks, including the impact of changes in currency exchange rates on foreign currency-denominated balances, certain anticipated cash flows of our international operations, and the value of reported net assets of our foreign operations, as well as changes in the fair value of our fixed-rate debt obligations relating to fluctuations in benchmark interest rates. Accordingly, in the normal course of business we assess such risks and, in accordance with our established policies and procedures, may use derivative financial instruments to manage and mitigate them. We do not use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. 
 Given our use of derivative instruments, we are exposed to the risk that the counterparties to such contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations. To mitigate such counterparty credit risk, it is our policy to only enter into contracts with carefully selected financial institutions based upon an evaluation of their credit ratings and certain other factors, adhering to established limits for credit exposure. Our established policies and procedures for mitigating credit risk include ongoing review and assessment of the creditworthiness of our counterparties. We also enter into master netting arrangements with counterparties, when possible, to further mitigate credit risk. As a result of the above considerations, we do not believe that we are exposed to undue concentration of counterparty risk with respect to our derivative contracts as of April 1, 2023. However, we do have in aggregate 41.0 million of derivative instruments in net asset positions held across eight creditworthy financial institutions. 
 Foreign Currency Risk Management 
 We manage our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates using forward foreign currency exchange and cross-currency swap contracts. Refer to Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a summary of the notional amounts and fair values of our outstanding forward foreign currency exchange and cross-currency swap contracts, as well as the impact on earnings and other comprehensive income of such instruments for the fiscal years presented. 
 68 

Forward Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts 
 We enter into forward foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate risk related to exchange rate fluctuations on inventory transactions made in an entity's non-functional currency, the settlement of foreign currency-denominated balances, and the translation of certain foreign operations' net assets into U.S. Dollars. As part of our overall strategy for managing the level of exposure to such exchange rate risk, relating primarily to the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the South Korean Won, the Australian Dollar, the Canadian Dollar, the British Pound Sterling, the Swiss Franc, and the Chinese Renminbi, we generally hedge a portion of our related exposures anticipated over the next twelve months using forward foreign currency exchange contracts with maturities of two months to one year to provide continuing coverage over the period of the respective exposure. 
 Our foreign exchange risk management activities are governed by established policies and procedures. These policies and procedures provide a framework that allows for the management of currency exposures while ensuring the activities are conducted within our established guidelines. Our policies include guidelines for the organizational structure of our risk management function and for internal controls over foreign exchange risk management activities, including, but not limited to, authorization levels, transaction limits, and credit quality controls, as well as various measurements for monitoring compliance. We monitor foreign exchange risk using different techniques, including periodic review of market values and performance of sensitivity analyses. 
 Cross-Currency Swap Contracts 
 We periodically designate pay-fixed rate, receive-fixed rate cross-currency swap contracts as hedges of our net investment in certain European subsidiaries. These contracts swap U.S. Dollar-denominated fixed interest rate payments based on the contract's notional amount and the fixed rate of interest payable on certain of our senior notes for Euro-denominated fixed interest rate payments, thereby economically converting a portion of our fixed-rate U.S. Dollar-denominated senior note obligations to fixed rate Euro-denominated obligations. 
 See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our foreign currency exposures and the types of derivative instruments used to hedge those exposures. 
 Sensitivity 
 We perform a sensitivity analysis to determine the effects that market risk exposures may have on the fair values of our forward foreign currency exchange and cross-currency swap contracts. In doing so, we assess the risk of loss in the fair values of these contracts that would result from hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This analysis assumes a like movement by the foreign currencies in our hedge portfolio against the U.S. Dollar. As of April 1, 2023, a 10 appreciation or depreciation of the U.S. Dollar against the foreign currencies under contract would result in a net increase or decrease, respectively, in the fair value of our derivative portfolio of approximately 109 million. This hypothetical net change in fair value should ultimately be largely offset by the net change in the related underlying hedged items. 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 Sensitivity 
 As of April 1, 2023, we had no variable-rate debt outstanding. As such, our exposure to changes in interest rates primarily relates to changes in the fair values of our fixed-rate Senior Notes. As of April 1, 2023, the aggregate fair values of our Senior Notes were 1.071 billion. A 25-basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would decrease or increase, respectively, the aggregate fair values of our Senior Notes by approximately 13 million based on certain simplifying assumptions, including an immediate across-the-board increase or decrease in the level of interest rates with no other subsequent changes for the remainder of the period. Such potential increases or decreases in the fair value of our debt would only be realized if we were to retire all or a portion of the debt prior to its maturity. 
 Investment Risk Management 
 As of April 1, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents on-hand of 1.529 billion, consisting of deposits in interest bearing accounts, investments in money market deposit accounts, and investments in time deposits with original maturities of 90 days or less. Our other significant investments included 36.4 million of short-term investments, consisting of investments in time deposits with original maturities greater than 90 days. 
 69 

We actively monitor our exposure to changes in the fair value of our global investment portfolio in accordance with our established policies and procedures, which include monitoring both general and issuer-specific economic conditions, as discussed in Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Our investment objectives include capital preservation, maintaining adequate liquidity, diversification to minimize liquidity and credit risk, and achievement of maximum returns within the guidelines set forth in our investment policy. See Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further detail of the composition of our investment portfolio as of April 1, 2023. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it is important to our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, and requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. Our estimates are often based on complex judgments, assessments of probability, and assumptions that management believes to be reasonable, but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. It is also possible that other professionals, applying reasonable judgment to the same set of facts and circumstances, could develop and support a range of alternative estimated amounts. We believe that the following list represents our critical accounting policies. For a discussion of all of our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies, see Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Sales Reserves and Uncollectible Accounts 
 A significant area of judgment affecting reported revenue involves estimating sales reserves, which represent the portion of gross revenues not expected to be realized. In particular, gross revenue related to our wholesale business is reduced by estimates of returns, discounts, end-of-season markdowns, operational chargebacks, and certain cooperative advertising allowances. Gross revenue related to our retail business, including digital commerce sales, is also reduced by an estimate of returns. 
 In developing estimates of returns, discounts, end-of-season markdowns, operational chargebacks, and cooperative advertising allowances, we analyze historical trends, actual and forecasted seasonal results, current economic and market conditions, retailer performance, and, in certain cases, contractual terms. Estimates for operational chargebacks are based on actual customer notifications of order fulfillment discrepancies and historical trends. We review and refine these estimates on a quarterly basis. Our historical estimates of these amounts have not differed materially from actual results. However, unforeseen adverse future economic and market conditions, such as those resulting from widespread pandemic diseases and/or other catastrophic events, could result in our actual results differing materially from our estimates. A hypothetical 1 increase in our reserves for returns, discounts, end-of-season markdowns, operational chargebacks, and certain cooperative advertising allowances as of April 1, 2023 would have reduced our Fiscal 2023 net revenues by approximately 1 million. 
 Similarly, we evaluate our accounts receivable balances to develop expectations regarding the extent to which they will ultimately be collected. Significant judgment and estimation are involved in this evaluation, including a receivables aging analysis which shows, by aged category, the percentage of receivables that has historically gone uncollected, an analysis of specific risks on a customer-by-customer basis for larger accounts (including consideration of their financial condition and ability to withstand potential prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions), and an evaluation of current and forecasted economic and market conditions over the respective asset's contractual life. Based on this information, we record an allowance for estimated amounts that we ultimately expect not to collect due to credit. Although we believe that we have adequately provided for these risks as part of our allowance for doubtful accounts, a severe and prolonged adverse impact on our major customers' business and operations beyond those forecasted could have a corresponding material adverse effect on our net revenues, cash flows, and/or financial condition. A hypothetical 1 increase in the level of our allowance for doubtful accounts as of April 1, 2023 would have increased our Fiscal 2023 SG A expenses by less than 1 million. 
 See "Accounts Receivable" in Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for an analysis of the activity in our sales reserves and allowance for doubtful accounts for each of the three fiscal years presented. 
 Inventories 
 We hold retail inventory that is sold in our own stores and digital commerce sites directly to consumers. We also hold inventory that is sold through wholesale distribution channels to major department stores and specialty retail stores. Substantially all of our inventories are comprised of finished goods, which are stated at the lower of cost or estimated realizable value, with cost determined on a weighted-average cost basis. 
 70 

The estimated net realizable value of inventory is determined based on an analysis of historical sales trends of our individual product lines, the impact of market trends and economic conditions (including those resulting from pandemic diseases and other catastrophic events), and a forecast of future demand, giving consideration to the value of current orders in-house for future sales of inventory, as well as plans to sell inventory through our outlet stores, among other liquidation channels. Actual results may differ from estimates due to the quantity, quality, and mix of products in inventory, consumer and retailer preferences, and economic and market conditions. Reserves for inventory shrinkage, representing the risk of physical loss of inventory, are estimated based on historical experience and are adjusted based upon physical inventory counts. Our historical estimates of these costs and the related provisions have not differed materially from actual results. However, unforeseen adverse future economic and market conditions could result in our actual results differing materially from our estimates. 
 A hypothetical 1 increase in the level of our inventory reserves as of April 1, 2023 would have decreased our Fiscal 2023 gross profit by approximately 2 million. 
 Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill and certain other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized. Rather, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are assessed for impairment at least annually. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives and, along with other long-lived assets, are evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be fully recoverable. 
 We generally perform our annual goodwill impairment assessment using a qualitative approach to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its respective carrying value. However, in order to reassess the fair values of our reporting units, we periodically perform a quantitative impairment analysis in lieu of using the qualitative approach. 
 Performance of the qualitative goodwill impairment assessment requires judgment in identifying and considering the significance of relevant key factors, events, and circumstances that affect the fair values of our reporting units. This requires consideration and assessment of external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, as well as entity-specific factors, such as our actual and planned financial performance. We also give consideration to the difference between each reporting unit's fair value and carrying value as of the most recent date that a fair value measurement was performed. If the results of the qualitative assessment conclude that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, additional quantitative impairment testing is performed. 
 The quantitative goodwill impairment test involves comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, the reporting unit's goodwill is considered not to be impaired. However, if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded in an amount equal to that excess. Any impairment charge recognized is limited to the amount of the respective reporting unit's allocated goodwill. 
 Determining the fair value of a reporting unit under the quantitative goodwill impairment test requires judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including an assessment of external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, as well as entity-specific factors, such as actual and planned financial performance. Similarly, estimates and assumptions are used when determining the fair values of other indefinite-lived intangible assets. These estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on whether or not an impairment charge is recognized and the magnitude of any such charge. To assist management in the process of determining any potential goodwill impairment, we may review and consider appraisals from accredited independent valuation firms. Estimates of fair value are primarily determined using discounted cash flows, market comparisons, and recent transactions. These approaches involve significant estimates and assumptions, including projected future cash flows (including timing), discount rates reflecting the risks inherent in those future cash flows, perpetual growth rates, and selection of appropriate market comparable metrics and transactions. 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment assessment as of the beginning of the second quarter of Fiscal 2023 using the qualitative approach discussed above. In performing the assessment, we considered the results of our most recent quantitative goodwill impairment test, which was performed as of the end of Fiscal 2020 and incorporated assumptions related to COVID-19 business disruptions, the results of which indicated that the fair values of our reporting units significantly exceeded their respective carrying values. Based on the results of the qualitative impairment assessment performed, we concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units significantly exceeded their respective 
 71 

carrying values and there were no reporting units at risk of impairment. No goodwill impairment charges were recorded during any of the fiscal years presented. See Note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 In evaluating finite-lived intangible assets for recoverability, we use our best estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition where probable. If such estimated future undiscounted net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that such asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value, as estimated considering external market participant assumptions. 
 It is possible that our conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) our businesses do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in future years vary from current assumptions, (iii) business conditions or strategies change from our current assumptions, or (iv) the identification of our reporting units change, among other factors. Such changes could result in a future impairment charge of goodwill or other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 Impairment of Other Long-Lived Assets 
 Property and equipment and lease-related right-of-use ("ROU") assets, along with other long-lived assets, are evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their related carrying values may not be fully recoverable. In evaluating long-lived assets for recoverability, we use our best estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset (including any potential sublease income for lease-related ROU assets) and its eventual disposition, where applicable. If such estimated future undiscounted net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that such asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value, as estimated considering external market participant assumptions and discounted cash flows, including those based on estimated market rents for lease-related ROU assets. Assets to be disposed of and for which there is a committed plan of disposal (commonly referred to as assets held-for-sale) are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair value, less costs to sell. 
 In determining future cash flows, we take various factors into account, including changes in merchandising strategy, the emphasis on retail store cost controls, the effects of macroeconomic trends such as consumer spending, and the impacts of more experienced retail store managers and increased local advertising. Since the determination of future cash flows is an estimate of future performance, future impairments may arise in the event that future cash flows do not meet expectations. For example, unforeseen adverse future economic and market conditions could negatively impact consumer behavior, spending levels, and/or shopping preferences and result in actual results differing from our estimates. Additionally, we may review and consider appraisals from accredited independent valuation firms to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, where applicable. 
 During Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, we recorded impairment charges of 9.7 million, 21.3 million, and 96.0 million, respectively, to write-down the carrying values of certain long-lived assets based upon their assumed fair values. See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 Income Taxes 
 In determining our income tax provision for financial reporting purposes, we establish a reserve for uncertain tax positions. If we believe that a tax position is more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, based solely on the technical merits of the position, we recognize the tax benefit. We measure the tax benefit by determining the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement, presuming that the tax position is examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. These assessments can be complex and require significant judgment, and we often obtain assistance from external advisors. To the extent that our estimates change or the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the income tax provision in the period in which such determinations are made. If the initial assessment of a position fails to result in the recognition of a tax benefit, we will recognize the tax benefit if (i) there are changes in tax law or analogous case law that sufficiently raise the likelihood of prevailing on the technical merits of the position to more likely than not; (ii) the statute of limitations expires; or (iii) there is a completion of an audit resulting in a settlement of that tax year with the appropriate agency. 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effect of certain net operating losses, capital losses, general business credit carryforwards, and the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes, as determined under enacted tax laws and rates. Valuation allowances are established when management determines that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Tax valuation allowances are analyzed periodically by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income, 
 72 

which typically involves the use of significant estimates. Such allowances are adjusted as events occur, or circumstances change, that warrant adjustments to those balances. 
 See Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of income taxes. 
 Contingencies 
 We are periodically exposed to various contingencies in the ordinary course of conducting our business, including potential losses relating to certain litigation, alleged information system security breaches, contractual disputes, employee relation matters, various tax or other governmental audits, and trademark and intellectual property matters and disputes. We record a liability for such contingencies to the extent that we conclude that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of such loss is reasonably estimable. In addition, if it is considered reasonably possible that an unfavorable settlement of a contingency could exceed any established liability, we disclose the estimated impact on our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations, if practicable. Management considers many factors in making these assessments. As the ultimate resolution of contingencies is inherently unpredictable, these assessments can involve a series of complex judgments about future events including, but not limited to, court rulings, negotiations between affected parties, and governmental actions. As a result, the accounting for loss contingencies relies heavily on management's judgment in developing the related estimates and assumptions. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We expense all stock-based compensation awarded to employees and non-employee directors based on the grant date fair value of the awards over the requisite service period, adjusted for forfeitures which are estimated based on an analysis of historical experience and expected future trends. 
 Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") 
 We grant service-based RSUs to certain of our senior executives and other employees, as well as to our non-employee directors. In addition, we grant RSUs with performance-based and market-based vesting conditions to such senior executives and other key employees. 
 The fair values of our service-based RSU and performance-based RSU awards are measured based on the fair value of our Class A common stock on the date of grant, adjusted to reflect the absence of dividends for any awards for which dividend equivalent amounts do not accrue while outstanding and unvested. Related compensation expense for performance-based RSUs is recognized over the employees' requisite service period, to the extent that our attainment of performance goals (upon which vesting is dependent) is deemed probable, and involves judgment as to expectations surrounding our achievement of certain defined operating performance metrics. 
 The fair value of our market-based RSU awards, for which vesting is dependent upon total shareholder return ("TSR") of our Class A common stock over a three-year performance period relative to that of a pre-established peer group, is measured on the grant date based on estimated projections of our relative TSR over the performance period. These estimates are made using a Monte Carlo simulation, which models multiple stock price paths of our Class A common stock and that of the peer group to evaluate and determine our ultimate expected relative TSR performance ranking. Related compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, is recorded regardless of whether, and the extent to which, the market condition is ultimately satisfied. See Note 18 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options may be granted to employees and non-employee directors with exercise prices equal to the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the date of grant. We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the grant date fair value of stock options, which requires the use of both subjective and objective assumptions. Certain key assumptions involve estimating future uncertain events. The key factors influencing the estimation process include the expected term of the option, expected volatility of our stock price, our expected dividend yield, and the risk-free interest rate, among others. Generally, once stock option values are determined, accounting practices do not permit them to be changed, even if the estimates used are different from actual results. 
 No stock options were granted during any of the fiscal years presented. See Note 18 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 73 

Sensitivity 
 The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair values of our stock-based compensation awards represent our best estimates. In addition, projecting the achievement level of certain performance-based awards, as well as estimating the number of awards expected to be forfeited, requires judgment. If actual results or forfeitures differ significantly from our estimates and assumptions, or if assumptions used to estimate the grant date fair value of future stock-based award grants are significantly changed, stock-based compensation expense and, therefore, our results of operations could be materially impacted. A hypothetical 10 change in our Fiscal 2023 stock-based compensation expense would have affected our net income by approximately 6 million. 
 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 See Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of certain recently issued accounting standards which have impacted our consolidated financial statements or may impact our consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, see "Market Risk Management" in Item 7 included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 See the "Index to Consolidated Financial Statements" appearing at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are the controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 We have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this annual report. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial officers have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level, as of the fiscal year-end covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of the Company's assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on our financial 
 74 

statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Further, the evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was made as of a specific date, and continued effectiveness in future periods is subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may decline. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this report based on the framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company's internal controls over financial reporting were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the fiscal year-end covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Ernst Young LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting as included elsewhere herein. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information relating to our directors and corporate governance will be set forth in the Company's proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed within 120 days after April 1, 2023 (the "Proxy Statement") and is incorporated by reference herein. Information relating to our executive officers is set forth in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption " Information About Our Executive Officers ." 
 We have a Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers that covers the Company's principal executive officer, principal operating officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, and any person performing similar functions, as applicable. We also have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that covers the Company's directors, officers, and employees. You can find our Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (collectively, the "Codes") on our website, http://investor.ralphlauren.com. We will post any amendments to the Codes and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the NYSE on our website. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Information relating to executive and director compensation will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 75 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth information as of April 1, 2023 regarding compensation plans under which the Company's equity securities are authorized for issuance: 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Numbers of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options ) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 2,549,875 (1) N/A (2) 2,766,316 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 Total 
 2,549,875 2,766,316 
 
 (1) Consists of restricted stock units that are payable solely in shares of Class A common stock (including 496,298 service-based restricted stock units that have fully vested but for which the underlying shares have not yet been delivered as of April 1, 2023). 
 (2) No options were outstanding as of April 1, 2023. 
 (3) All of the securities remaining available for future issuance set forth in column (c) may be in the form of restricted stock units, performance awards, restricted stock, options, stock appreciation rights, or other stock-based awards under the Company's 2019 Incentive Plan. 
 Other information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required to be included by Item 13 of Form 10-K will be included in the Proxy Statement and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required to be included by Item 14 of Form 10-K will be included in the Proxy Statement and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 76 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) 1., 2. Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules. See index on Page F-1. 
 3. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-24733) (the "S-1")) 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed August 16, 2011) 
 3.3 Fourth Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 1, 2017) 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2013, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including the form of Note) (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed September 26, 2013) 
 4.2 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2018, by and between Ralph Lauren Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed August 9, 2018) 
 4.3 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 3, 2020, by and between Ralph Lauren Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed June 4, 2020) 
 4.4 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2020 (the "Fiscal 2020 10-K")) 
 10.1 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of June 9, 1997 by and among Ralph Lauren, GS Capital Partners, L.P., GS Capital Partner PRL Holding I, L.P., GS Capital Partners PRL Holding II, L.P., Stone Street Fund 1994, L.P., Stone Street 1994 Subsidiary Corp., Bridge Street Fund 1994, L.P., and the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the S-1) 
 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its Directors and Executive Officers (filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the S-1) 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of April 2, 2017, between the Company and Ralph Lauren (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed March 31, 2017) 
 10.4 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 16, 2020, between the Company and Ralph Lauren (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed August 4, 2020) 
 10.5 Amendment No.2 to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 16, 2021, between the Company and Ralph Lauren (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed August 3, 2021) 
 10.6 Employment Agreement, dated May 13, 2017, between the Company and Patrice Louvet (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed May 17, 2017) 
 10.7 Amendment No. 1 to the Employment Agreement, dated June 30, 2017, between the Company and Patrice Louvet (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 1, 2017) 
 10.8 Amendment No. 2 to the Employment Agreement, dated June 17, 2020, between the Company and Patrice Louvet (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed August 4, 2020) 
 10.9 Amendment No.3 to the Employee Agreement, dated July 28, 2021, between the Company and Patrice Louvet (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed August 3, 2021) 
 10.10 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 28, 2019, between the Company and Jane Nielsen (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed March 1, 2019) 
 10.11 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 17, 2020, between the Company and Jane Nielsen (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q filed August 4, 2020) 
 10.12 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 14, 2021, between the Company and Halide Alag z (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022) 
 10.13 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated August 3, 2022, between the Company and Halide Alag z (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2022) 
 10.14 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2004, between the Company and Ralph Lauren (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2005) 
 10.15 Executive Officer Annual Incentive Plan, as amended as of August 10, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 1, 2017) 
 10.16 Executive Officer Annual Incentive Plan, as amended as of May 20, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Fiscal 2020 10-K) 
 
 77 

Exhibit Number Description 10.17 1997 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated as of August 12, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K filed October 4, 2004) 
 10.18 Amendment, as of June 30, 2006, to the 1997 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated as of August 12, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 1, 2006) 
 10.19 Amendment No. 2, dated as of May 21, 2009, to the 1997 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated as of August 12, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2009) 
 10.20 Amended and Restated 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan, amended as of August 11, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 2, 2016) 
 10.21 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Appendix C to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement dated June 21, 2019) 
 10.22 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the Company's Form 10-K filed May 24, 2022) 
 10.23 Form of Cliff Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed November 5, 2020) 
 10.24 Form of Pro-Rata Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q filed November 5, 2020) 
 10.25 Amended and Restated Polo Ralph Lauren Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2005) 
 10.26 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q Filed November 3, 2021) 
 10.27 Form of Performance Share Unit Award- PSU Operating Profit Margin Agreement under the 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed November 3, 2021) 
 10.28 Form of Performance Share Unit Award- TSR Agreement under the 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed November 3, 2021) 
 10.29 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed November 10, 2022) 
 10.30 Form of Performance Share Unit Award - ROIC Agreement under the 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed November 10, 2022) 
 10.31 Form of Performance Share Unit Award - TSR Agreement under the 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed November 10, 2022) 
 10.32 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2019 and as amended by the First Amendment, dated as of May 26, 2020, among the Company, RL Finance B.V., Ralph Lauren Europe S rl, and Ralph Lauren Asia Pacific Limited as the borrowers, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., HSBC Bank USA, N.A., ING Bank N.V., Dublin Branch, and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as co-documentation agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Fiscal 2020 10-K) 
 10.33 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2019 and as amended by the Second Amendment, dated as of January 3, 2022, among the Company, RL Finance B.V., Ralph Lauren Europe S rl, and Ralph Lauren Asia Pacific Limited as the borrowers, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., HSBC Bank USA, N.A., ING Bank N.V., Dublin Branch, and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as co-documentation agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed February 3, 2022) 
 10.34 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2019 and as amended by the Third Amendment, dated as of March 18, 2022, among the Company, RL Finance B.V., Ralph Lauren Europe S rl, and Ralph Lauren Asia Pacific Limited as the borrowers, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., HSBC Bank USA, N.A., ING Bank N.V., Dublin Branch, and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as co-documentation agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the Company's Form 10-K filed May 24, 2022) 
 14.1 Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers (filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 29, 2003 and available, as amended, on the Company's Internet site) 
 14.2 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Company (filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 27, 2015 and available, as amended, on the Company's Internet site) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Company 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) 
 
 78 

Exhibit Number Description 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibits shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Filed herewith. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 79 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION By: / S / JANE HAMILTON NIELSEN 
 Jane Hamilton Nielsen Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date: May 25, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Signature Title Date / S / RALPH LAUREN 
 Executive Chairman, Chief Creative Officer, and Director May 25, 2023 Ralph Lauren 
 / S / PATRICE LOUVET 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) May 25, 2023 Patrice Louvet 
 / S / JANE HAMILTON NIELSEN 
 Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) May 25, 2023 Jane Hamilton Nielsen 
 /s/ DAVID LAUREN Vice Chairman, Chief Branding and Innovation Officer, Strategic Advisor to the CEO, and Director May 25, 2023 David Lauren / S / ANGELA AHRENDTS 
 Director May 25, 2023 Angela Ahrendts / S / JOHN R. ALCHIN 
 Director May 25, 2023 John R. Alchin / S / FRANK A. BENNACK, JR. 
 Director May 25, 2023 Frank A. Bennack, Jr. /s/ DEBRA CUPP Director May 25, 2023 Debra Cupp /s/ LINDA FINDLEY Director May 25, 2023 Linda Findley /s/ MICHAEL A. GEORGE Director May 25, 2023 Michael A. George 
 80 

Signature Title Date / S / VALERIE JARRETT 
 Director May 25, 2023 Valerie Jarrett / S / HUBERT JOLY 
 Director May 25, 2023 Hubert Joly / S / DARREN WALKER 
 Director May 25, 2023 Darren Walker / S / WEI ZHANG 
 Director May 25, 2023 Wei Zhang 
 81 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 F- 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 7 
 Management's Report on Responsibility For Financial Statements 
 F- 53 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 54 

F-1 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 (millions) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowances of million and million 
 Inventories Income tax receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Current income tax payable Current operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt Long-term finance lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Non-current income tax payable Non-current liability for unrecognized tax benefits Other non-current liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Total liabilities 
 Equity: Class A common stock, par value per share; million and million shares issued; million and million shares outstanding 
 Class B common stock, par value per share; million shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, Class A, at cost; million and million shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-2 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 (millions, except per share data) Net revenues 
 Cost of goods sold 
 ) ) ) Gross profit 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses ) ) ) Impairment of assets ) ) ) Restructuring and other charges, net ) ) ) Total other operating expenses, net 
 ) ) ) Operating income (loss) 
 ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net ) Income (loss) before income taxes 
 ) Income tax provision ) ) ) Net income (loss) 
 ) Net income (loss) per common share: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Dividends declared per share 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-3 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 (millions) Net income (loss) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation gains (losses) ) ) Net gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) ) Net gains on defined benefit plans Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-4 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 (millions) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Stock-based compensation expense Impairment of assets Bad debt expense (reversals) ) ) Other non-cash charges Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Income tax receivables and payables ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Other balance sheet changes ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments Settlement of net investment hedges 
 Other investing activities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments of credit facility borrowings ) Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Payments of finance lease obligations ) ) ) Payments of dividends ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock, including shares surrendered for tax withholdings 
 ) ) ) Other financing activities ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-5 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 Additional Treasury Stock Common Stock (a) 
 Paid-in Retained at Cost Total Shares Amount Capital Earnings Shares Amount AOCI (b) 
 Equity (millions) Balance at March 28, 2020 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss: Net loss ) Other comprehensive loss ) Total comprehensive loss ) Dividends declared Repurchases of common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued pursuant to stock-based 
 compensation plans 
 Balance at March 27, 2021 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive loss ) Total comprehensive income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued pursuant to stock-based 
 compensation plans 
 Balance at April 2, 2022 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive loss ) Total comprehensive income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued pursuant to stock-based 
 compensation plans 
 Balance at April 1, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-6 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 reportable segments: North America, Europe, and Asia. In addition to these reportable segments, the Company also has other non-reportable segments. See Note 20 for further discussion of the Company's segment reporting structure. 
 
 2. 
 F-7 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

COVID-19 Pandemic 
 Beginning in the fourth quarter of the Company's fiscal year ended March 28, 2020 ("Fiscal 2020"), a novel strain of coronavirus commonly referred to as COVID-19 emerged and spread rapidly across the globe, including throughout all major geographies in which the Company operates, resulting in widespread adverse economic conditions and business disruptions. Since then, governments worldwide have periodically imposed preventative and protective actions, such as temporary travel bans, forced business closures, and stay-at-home orders, all in an effort to reduce the spread of the virus. Such actions have negatively impacted retail traffic, tourism, and consumer spending on discretionary items to varying degrees over the course of the pandemic. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has experienced varying degrees of business disruptions and periods of closure of its stores, distribution centers, and corporate facilities, as have the Company's wholesale customers, licensing partners, suppliers, and vendors. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 at the peak of the pandemic, the majority of the Company's stores in key markets were closed for an average of 8 to 10 weeks due to government-mandated lockdowns and other restrictions, resulting in significant adverse impacts to its operating results. Resurgences and outbreaks in certain parts of the world resulted in further business disruptions periodically throughout Fiscal 2021, most notably in Europe where a significant number of the Company's stores were closed for approximately 2 to 3 months during the second half of Fiscal 2021, including during the holiday period, due to government-mandated lockdowns and other restrictions. Such disruptions continued throughout Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2023 in certain regions, although to a lesser extent than Fiscal 2021. Further, throughout the course of the pandemic, the majority of the Company's stores that were able to remain open have periodically been subject to limited operating hours and/or customer capacity levels in accordance with local health guidelines, with traffic remaining challenged. However, the Company's digital commerce operations have grown significantly from pre-pandemic levels, due in part to its investments and enhanced capabilities, as well as changes in consumer shopping preferences. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic also adversely impacted the Company's distribution, logistic, and sourcing partners, including temporary factory closures, labor shortages, vessel, container and other transportation shortages, and port congestion. Such disruptions resulted in periods of reduced availability of inventory, delayed timing of inventory receipts, and increased costs for both the purchase and transportation of such inventory, most notably during Fiscal 2022 and the first half of Fiscal 2023. 
 
 F-8 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 3. 
 
 F-9 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 and thereafter Total 
 
 (a) Amounts presented do not contemplate potential contract renewals or royalties earned in excess of the contractually-guaranteed minimums. 
 Wholesale Licensing Total 
 Fiscal Year Ended April 2, 2022 North America Europe Asia Other Total (millions) Sales Channel (a) : 
 Retail Wholesale Licensing Total 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 27, 2021 North America Europe Asia Other Total (millions) Sales Channel (a) : 
 Retail Wholesale Licensing Total 
 F-10 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company's deferred income balances were million and million as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively, and were primarily recorded within accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets. The majority of the deferred income balance as of April 1, 2023 is expected to be recognized as revenue within the next twelve months. 

Handling costs 
 
 Advertising and marketing expenses were million, million, and million in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. Deferred advertising, marketing, and promotional costs, which principally relate to advertisements that have not yet been exhibited or payments made for services that have not yet been received, were million and million at the end of Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively, and were recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-11 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million in Fiscal 2023 and net gains of million and million in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. 
 Dilutive effect of RSUs and stock options 
 (a) 
 Diluted shares 
 
 (a) Incremental shares of million attributable to outstanding RSUs were excluded from the computation of diluted shares for Fiscal 2021 as such shares would not be dilutive given the net loss incurred during that fiscal year. 
 All earnings per share amounts have been calculated using unrounded numbers. As of the end of Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, there were million, million, and million, respectively, of additional shares issuable contingent upon vesting of performance-based RSUs and/or upon exercise of anti-dilutive stock options that were excluded from the diluted shares calculations. 
 F-12 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 F-13 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 The Company's share of equity-method investee earnings and losses is recognized within other income (expense), net, in the consolidated statements of operations and was not material in any of the fiscal years presented. 
 These investments are recorded within other non-current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 and does not involve a significant financing component. Accounts receivable are recorded at amortized cost, which approximates fair value, and are presented in the consolidated balance sheets net of certain reserves and allowances. These reserves and allowances consist of (i) reserves for returns, discounts, end-of-season markdowns, operational chargebacks, and certain cooperative advertising allowances (see the " Revenue Recognition " section above for further discussion of related accounting policies) and (ii) allowances for doubtful accounts. 
 Amount charged against revenue to increase reserve Amount credited against customer accounts to decrease reserve 
 ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Ending reserve balance 
 F-14 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Amount recorded to expense to increase (decrease) reserve (a) 
 ) ) Amount written-off against customer accounts to decrease reserve 
 ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Ending reserve balance 

Concentration of Credit Risk 
 The Company sells its wholesale merchandise primarily to major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners around the world, and extends credit based on an evaluation of each customer's financial capacity and condition, usually without requiring collateral. In the Company's wholesale business, concentration of credit risk is relatively limited due to the large number of customers and their dispersion across many geographic areas. However, the Company has key wholesale customers that generate significant sales volume. During Fiscal 2023, the Company's sales to its largest wholesale customers accounted for approximately of total net revenues. Substantially all of the Company's sales to its largest wholesale customers related to its North America segment. As of April 1, 2023, these key wholesale customers accounted for approximately of total gross accounts receivable. 
 
 F-15 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Capitalized implementation costs expensed were million, million, and million during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively, and were recorded in SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 to years for furniture and fixtures, machinery and equipment, and capitalized software; and from to years for buildings and improvements. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets or the term of the related lease. 
 Property and equipment, along with other long-lived assets, are evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their related carrying values may not be fully recoverable (see Note 12). In evaluating long-lived assets for recoverability, including finite-lived intangibles as described below, the Company uses its best estimate of future cash flows expected to result from its use of the asset and its eventual disposition, where applicable. If such estimated future undiscounted net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that such asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value, as estimated considering external market participant assumptions and discounted cash flows. Assets to be disposed of and for which there is a committed plan of disposal (commonly referred to as assets held-for-sale) are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair value, less costs to sell. 
 to years and may include renewal or early-termination options, rent escalation clauses, and/or lease incentives in the form of construction allowances and rent abatements. The Company is typically required to make fixed minimum rent payments, variable rent payments based on performance (e.g., percentage-of-sales-based payments), or a combination thereof, relating to its right to use an underlying leased asset. The Company is also often required to pay for certain other costs that do not relate specifically to its right to use an underlying leased asset, but that are associated with the asset, including real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance fees, and/or certain other costs (referred to collectively herein as "non-lease components"), which may be fixed or variable in amount, depending on the terms of the respective lease agreement. The Company's leases do not contain significantly restrictive covenants or residual value guarantees. 
 The Company determines whether an arrangement contains a lease at the arrangement's inception. If a lease is determined to exist, its related term is assessed at the lease commencement date, once the underlying asset is made available by the lessor for the Company's use. The Company's assessment of the lease term reflects the non-cancellable period of the lease, inclusive of any rent-free periods, plus any periods covered by early-termination options for which the Company is not considered reasonably certain of exercising, as well as periods covered by renewal options for which it is considered reasonably certain of exercising. The Company also determines lease classification as either operating or finance at lease commencement, which governs the pattern of expense recognition and the presentation thereof in the consolidated statements of operations over the lease term. 
 For leases with a lease term exceeding 12 months, a liability is recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at the lease commencement date reflecting the present value of its related fixed payment obligations over such term. A corresponding right-of-use ("ROU") asset equal to the initial lease liability is also recorded, increased by any prepaid rent and/or initial direct costs incurred in connection with execution of the lease, and reduced by any incentives provided by the lessor. The Company also includes fixed payment obligations related to non-lease components in the measurement of its ROU assets and lease liabilities, 
 F-16 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 F-17 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 . 
 F-18 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 . 
 
 4. 
 F-19 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

5. 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture and fixtures Machinery and equipment Capitalized software Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Property and equipment, net includes finance lease ROU assets, which are reflected in the table above based on their nature. 
 Depreciation expense was million, million, and million during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively, and was recorded primarily within SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 6. 
 Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at April 2, 2022 Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at April 1, 2023 
 Based on the results of the Company's goodwill impairment testing in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, goodwill impairment charges were recorded. See Note 12 for further discussion of the Company's goodwill impairment testing. 
 F-20 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Other ) ) Total intangible assets subject to amortization 
 ) ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Trademarks and brands N/A N/A Total intangible assets 
 ) ) 
 Amortization Expense 
 Amortization expense was million, million, and million during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively, and is recorded within SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 and thereafter Total 
 The expected future amortization expense above reflects weighted-average estimated remaining useful lives of years for re-acquired licensed trademarks, years for customer relationships, and years for the Company's finite-lived intangible assets in total. 
 F-21 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 7. 
 Non-trade receivables Prepaid software maintenance Inventory return asset Prepaid advertising and marketing Prepaid logistic services Cloud computing arrangement implementation costs Prepaid occupancy expense Prepaid insurance Tenant allowances receivable Derivative financial instruments Other prepaid expenses and current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Security deposits Equity method and other investments Cloud computing arrangement implementation costs Deferred rent assets Restricted cash Other non-current assets Total other non-current assets 
 F-22 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Accrued payroll and benefits Accrued operating expenses Dividends payable Accrued capital expenditures Other taxes payable Restructuring reserve Finance lease obligations Deferred income Other accrued expenses and current liabilities Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Accrued benefits and deferred compensation Deferred tax liabilities Derivative financial instruments Other non-current liabilities Total other non-current liabilities 
 
 8. 
 million to write-down certain long-lived assets, of which million related to a certain previously exited real estate location for which the related lease agreement has not yet expired and million related to its restructuring plans (see Note 9). 
 During Fiscal 2022, the Company recorded impairment charges of million to write-down certain long-lived assets in connection with its restructuring plans (see Note 9). 
 During Fiscal 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges of million to write-down certain long-lived assets, of which million related to its restructuring plans (see Note 9), million related to underperforming stores identified through its ongoing store portfolio evaluation and adverse impacts associated with COVID-19 business disruptions, and million related to certain previously exited real estate locations for which the related lease agreements had not yet expired. 
 See Note 12 for further discussion of these impairment charges recorded during the fiscal years presented. 
 F-23 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 9. 
 resulting gain or loss on sale realized during the first quarter of Fiscal 2022. Regent acquired Club Monaco's assets and liabilities in exchange for potential future cash consideration payable to the Company, including earn-out payments based on Club Monaco meeting certain defined revenue thresholds over a period. Accordingly, the Company has realized amounts related to the receipt of such contingent consideration (as discussed further below) and additional amounts may be realized in the future. Additionally, in connection with this divestiture, the Company provided Regent with certain operational support for a transitional period of approximately one year, varying by functional area. 
 Actions associated with the Fiscal 2021 Strategic Realignment Plan are now complete and no additional charges are expected to be incurred in connection with this plan. 
 F-24 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) Other cash charges Total cash-related restructuring charges Non-cash charges: Impairment of assets (see Note 8) Inventory-related charges (a) 
 Accelerated stock-based compensation expense (b) 
 Other non-cash charges Total non-cash charges Total charges 
 
 (a) Inventory-related charges are recorded within cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (b) Accelerated stock-based compensation expense, which was recorded within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations, related to vesting provisions associated with certain separation agreements. 
 In addition to the charges summarized in the table above, the Company recognized million of income during Fiscal 2022 primarily related to a certain revenue share clause in its agreement with Regent that entitled it to receive a portion of the sales generated by the Club Monaco business during a four-month business transition period. The Company donated this income to The Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation, a non-profit, charitable foundation, which resulted in a related offsetting million donation expense during Fiscal 2022. Subsequently, during Fiscal 2023, the Company recognized an additional million of income related to consideration received from Regent as a result of the Club Monaco business exceeding certain previously defined revenue thresholds over a specified time period. The Company also donated this income to The Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation, which resulted in a related offsetting million donation expense during Fiscal 2023. The income and related offsetting donation expense in both Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2023 were all recorded within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 F-25 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Additions charged to expense Cash payments applied against reserve ) ) ) Balance at March 27, 2021 Additions (reductions) charged to expense ) Cash payments applied against reserve ) ) ) Non-cash adjustments Balance at April 2, 2022 Additions charged to expense Cash payments applied against reserve ) ) ) Non-cash adjustments ) ) Balance at April 1, 2023 
 Other Restructuring Plans 
 Actions associated with the Company's restructuring plan initiated during its fiscal year ended March 30, 2019 were previously completed and no related charges were recorded in any of the fiscal years presented. The Company made cash payments of million, million, and million during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively, which were applied against the restructuring reserve associated with this restructuring plan. As of April 1, 2023, there was no remaining restructuring reserve associated with this plan. 
 Other Charges 
 The Company recorded other charges of million, million, and million during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively, primarily related to rent and occupancy costs associated with certain previously exited real estate locations for which the related lease agreements have not yet expired. 
 million in connection with non-income-related capital taxes resulting from Swiss tax reform (see 
 F-26 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 10. 
 corporate minimum tax rate (subject to certain thresholds being met) that will be applicable to the Company beginning in its Fiscal 2024, a excise tax on share repurchases made after December 31, 2022, and created and extended certain tax-related energy incentives. The Company does not currently expect that the tax-related provisions of the IRA will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. See Note 16 for additional information relating to the Company's stock repurchase program. 
 Swiss Tax Reform 
 In May 2019, a public referendum was held in Switzerland that approved the Federal Act on Tax Reform and AHV Financing (the "Swiss Tax Act"), which became effective January 1, 2020. The Swiss Tax Act eliminated certain preferential tax items at both the federal and cantonal levels for multinational companies, and provided the cantons with parameters for establishing local tax rates and regulations. The Swiss Tax Act also provided transitional provisions, one of which allowed eligible companies to increase the tax basis of certain assets based on the value generated by their business in previous years, and to amortize such adjustment as a tax deduction over a transitional period. 
 The Swiss Tax Act was enacted into law during Fiscal 2020, resulting in a one-time income tax benefit and corresponding deferred tax asset of million. 
 During Fiscal 2021, the Company reduced its one-time tax benefit by million due to new legislation enacted in connection with the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive, which increased the Company's effective tax rate by basis points. 
 Additionally, during Fiscal 2022, the Company recorded a charge of million within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations in connection with non-income-related capital taxes resulting from Swiss tax reform. 
 Taxes on Income 
 ) Foreign Total income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 F-27 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) State and local ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Deferred: Federal ) State and local ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) Total income tax provision ) ) ) 
 Tax Rate Reconciliation) ) Change due to: State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Foreign income taxed at different rates, net of U.S. foreign tax credits ) ) ) Deferred tax adjustments Non-creditable foreign taxes ) Foreign-derived intangible income benefit Changes in valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits and settlements of tax examinations ) ) ) Swiss Tax Act expense ) Compensation-related adjustments ) ) ) Charitable contributions Transfer pricing adjustments ) Other ) Total income tax provision ) ) ) Effective tax rate (a) 

(a) Effective tax rate is calculated by dividing the income tax provision by income (loss) before income taxes. 
 The Company's Fiscal 2023 effective tax rate was higher than the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of primarily due to the unfavorable impact of certain foreign deferred adjustments, compensation-related adjustments, and state taxes. The Company's Fiscal 2022 effective tax rate was slightly lower than the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of primarily due to favorable tax impacts of the foreign-derived intangible income deduction and deferred tax adjustments, partially offset 
 F-28 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 primarily due to incremental tax expense resulting from new legislation enacted in connection with the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive, as previously discussed, valuation allowances recorded against certain deferred tax assets as a result of significant business disruptions attributable to COVID-19, and tax impacts on stock-based compensation and other permanent adjustments, partially offset by an income tax benefit related to charitable contributions. 
 Deferred Taxes 
 Deferred income Deferred compensation Property and equipment Unrecognized tax benefits Receivable allowances and reserves Inventory basis difference Capitalized software Net operating loss carryforwards GILTI-related carryforwards Accrued expenses Transfer pricing Lease ROU assets ) ) Goodwill and other intangible assets ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment and hedges ) ) Undistributed foreign income ) ) Other ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets (a) 

million and million, respectively, recorded within deferred tax assets, and non-current deferred tax liabilities of million and million, respectively, recorded within other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company has available state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million and million (all net of tax), respectively, for tax purposes to offset future taxable income. There are federal net operating loss carryforwards available to the Company. The net operating loss carryforwards expire beginning in Fiscal 2025. 
 The Company also has available state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million and million (both net of tax), respectively, for which no net deferred tax asset has been recognized. A full valuation allowance has been recorded against these carryforwards since the Company does not believe that it will more likely than not be able to utilize these carryforwards to offset future taxable income. Subsequent recognition of these deferred tax assets would result in an income tax benefit in the year of such recognition. The valuation allowance relating to state net operating loss carryforwards increased by million (net of tax) as a result of changes in tax provision for jurisdictions where the Company does not believe that it will more likely than not be able to utilize these carryforwards in the future. The valuation allowance relating to foreign net operating loss carryforwards decreased by million, mainly due to the write-off of related net operating losses in jurisdictions where the Company will no longer be able to utilize the carryforwards in the future. 
 F-29 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries generated after December 31, 2017, as such earnings are expected to be permanently reinvested. These earnings could become subject to tax if they were remitted as dividends, if foreign earnings were lent to RLC, a subsidiary or a U.S. affiliate of RLC, or if the stock of the subsidiaries were sold. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability with respect to such earnings is not practicable. 
 Uncertain Income Tax Benefits 
 Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021 Activity 
 Additions related to current period tax positions Additions related to prior period tax positions Reductions related to prior period tax positions ) ) ) Reductions related to expiration of statutes of limitations ) ) ) Reductions related to settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Additions (reductions) related to foreign currency translation 
 ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits ending balance 
 The Company classifies interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of its provision for income taxes. 
 Net additions charged to expense Reductions related to prior period tax positions ) ) ) Reductions related to settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Additions (reductions) related to foreign currency translation ) ) Accrued interest and penalties ending balance 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, was million and million as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively, and was included within the non-current liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the consolidated balance sheets. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the Company's effective tax rate was million and million as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. 
 F-30 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

11. 
 500 million 1.700 Senior Notes (b) 
 750 million 2.950 Senior Notes (c) 
 Total debt Less: current portion of long-term debt Total long-term debt 
 
 (a) The carrying value of the 3.750 Senior Notes is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount of million and million as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. 
 (b) The carrying value of the 1.700 Senior Notes is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount of million as of April 2, 2022. 
 (c) The carrying value of the 2.950 Senior Notes is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount of million and million as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. 
 Senior Notes 
 In August 2018, the Company completed a registered public debt offering and issued million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due , which bear interest at a fixed rate of , payable semi-annually (the "3.750 Senior Notes"). The 3.750 Senior Notes were issued at a price equal to of their principal amount. The proceeds from this offering were used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of the Company's previously outstanding million principal amount of unsecured senior notes that matured . 
 In June 2020, the Company completed another registered public debt offering and issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes that were due and repaid on with cash on hand, which bore interest at a fixed rate of , payable semi-annually (the "1.700 Senior Notes"), and million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due , which bear interest at a fixed rate of , payable semi-annually (the "2.950 Senior Notes"). The 1.700 Senior Notes and 2.950 Senior Notes were issued at prices equal to and of their principal amounts, respectively. The proceeds from these offerings were used for general corporate purposes, which included the repayment of million previously outstanding under the Company's Global Credit Facility (as defined below) on June 3, 2020 and repayment of its previously outstanding million principal amount of unsecured senior notes that matured . 
 F-31 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of the principal amount of the series of Senior Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present value of Remaining Scheduled Payments, as defined in the supplemental indentures governing such Senior Notes (together with the indenture governing the Senior Notes, the "Indenture"). 
 Commercial Paper 
 The Company has a commercial paper borrowing program that allows it to issue up to million of unsecured commercial paper notes through private placement using third-party broker-dealers (the "Commercial Paper Program"). 
 Borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program are supported by the Global Credit Facility (as defined below). Accordingly, the Company does not expect combined borrowings outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program and Global Credit Facility to exceed million. Commercial Paper Program borrowings may be used to support the Company's general working capital and corporate needs. Maturities of commercial paper notes vary, but cannot exceed days from the date of issuance. Commercial paper notes issued under the Commercial Paper Program rank equally in seniority with the Company's other forms of unsecured indebtedness. As of both April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, there were borrowings outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program. 
 Revolving Credit Facilities 
 Global Credit Facility 
 In August 2019, the Company replaced its then existing credit facility and entered into a new credit facility that provides for a million senior unsecured revolving line of credit through (the "Global Credit Facility") under terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the previous facility. The Global Credit Facility is also used to support the issuance of letters of credit and maintenance of the Commercial Paper Program. Borrowings under the Global Credit Facility may be denominated in U.S. Dollars and certain other currencies, including Euros, Hong Kong Dollars, and Japanese Yen, and are guaranteed by all of the Company's domestic significant subsidiaries. In accordance with the terms of the agreement governing the Global Credit Facility, the Company has the ability to expand its borrowing availability under the Global Credit Facility to billion, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders under the facility to increase their commitments. There are no mandatory reductions in borrowing ability throughout the term of the Global Credit Facility. 
 Under the Global Credit Facility as originally implemented, U.S. Dollar-denominated borrowings bore interest, at the Company's option, either at (a) a base rate, by reference to the greatest of: (i) the annual prime commercial lending rate of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in effect from time to time, (ii) the weighted-average overnight Federal funds rate plus basis points, or (iii) one-month LIBOR plus basis points; or (b) LIBOR, adjusted for the Federal Reserve Board's Eurocurrency liabilities maximum reserve percentage, plus a spread of basis points, subject to adjustment based on the Company's credit ratings ("Adjusted LIBOR"). Foreign currency-denominated borrowings bore interest at Adjusted LIBOR. In addition to paying interest on any outstanding borrowings under the Global Credit Facility, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the Global Credit Facility relating to the unutilized commitments. The current commitment fee rate of basis points is subject to adjustment based on the Company's credit ratings. Certain of these provisions were amended in January 2022 and March 2022, as discussed further below. 
 as of the date of measurement for the most recent consecutive fiscal quarters. Adjusted Debt is defined generally as consolidated debt outstanding, including finance lease obligations, plus all operating lease obligations. Consolidated EBITDAR is defined generally as consolidated net income plus (i) income tax expense, (ii) net interest expense, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) operating lease cost, (v) restructuring and other non-recurring expenses, and (vi) acquisition-related costs. Certain of these requirements were temporarily amended in May 2020, as discussed below. 
 F-32 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 basis points; or (iii) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, as such term is defined in the Global Credit Facility as amended by the Third Amendment, for one-month plus basis points, (b) the Term SOFR Rate, as such term is defined in the Global Credit Facility as amended by the Third Amendment, plus basis points or (c) a rate equal to the Daily Simple SOFR Rate, as such term is defined in the Global Credit Facility, as amended by the Third Amendment, plus basis points. The Third Amendment also added provisions to the Global Credit Facility to address possible future situations in which a reference rate for determining a relevant interest rate under the Global Credit Facility is no longer available or representative. 
 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Global Credit Facility, the lenders may cease making loans, terminate the Global Credit Facility, and declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable. The Global Credit Facility specifies a number of events of default (many of which are subject to applicable grace periods), including, among others, the failure to make timely principal, interest, and fee payments or to satisfy the covenants, including the financial covenant described above. Additionally, the Global Credit Facility provides that an Event of Default will occur if Mr. Ralph Lauren, the Company's Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer, and entities controlled by the Lauren family fail to maintain a specified minimum percentage of the voting power of the Company's common stock. As of April 1, 2023, . 
 In March 2020, the Company borrowed million under the Global Credit Facility as a preemptive action to preserve cash and strengthen its liquidity position in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which was subsequently repaid in June 2020. As of both April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, there were borrowings outstanding under the Global Credit Facility. However, the Company was contingently liable for million and million of outstanding letters of credit as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. 
 F-33 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million Chinese Renminbi (approximately million) through , which is also able to be used to support bank guarantees. 
 South Korea Credit Facility provides Ralph Lauren (Korea) Ltd. with a revolving line of credit of up to billion South Korean Won (approximately million) through . 
 Japan Overdraft Facility provides Ralph Lauren Corporation Japan with an overdraft amount of up to billion Japanese Yen (approximately million) through . 
 China Overdraft Facility provides Ralph Lauren Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. with an overdraft amount of up to million Chinese Renminbi (approximately million) through . 
 As of both April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, there were borrowings outstanding under the Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities. 
 
 12. 
 Derivative liabilities (a) 

(a) Based on Level 2 measurements. 
 F-34 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 500 million 1.700 Senior Notes N/A 750 million 2.950 Senior Notes 
 
 (a) See Note 11 for discussion of the carrying values of the Company's senior notes. 
 (b) Based on Level 2 measurements. 
 Unrealized gains or losses resulting from changes in the fair value of the Company's debt instruments do not result in the realization or expenditure of cash unless the debt is retired prior to its maturity. 
 Non-financial Assets and Liabilities 
 The Company's non-financial assets, which primarily consist of goodwill, other intangible assets, property and equipment, and lease-related ROU assets, are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis, and instead are reported at their amortized or depreciated cost in its consolidated balance sheet. However, on a periodic basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that they may not be fully recoverable (and at least annually for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets), the respective carrying value of non-financial assets are assessed for impairment and, if ultimately considered impaired, are adjusted and written down to their fair value, as estimated based on consideration of external market participant assumptions and discounted cash flows. 
 During Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges to reduce the carrying values of certain long-lived assets to their estimated fair values. The fair values of these assets were determined based on Level 3 measurements, the related inputs of which included estimates of the amount and timing of the assets' net future discounted cash flows (including any potential sublease income for lease-related ROU assets), based on historical experience and consideration of current trends, market conditions, and comparable sales, as applicable. 
 F-35 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 See Note 8 for additional discussion regarding impairment charges recorded by the Company within the consolidated statements of operations during the fiscal years presented. 
 impairment charges associated with goodwill or other intangible assets were recorded during any of the fiscal years presented. In Fiscal 2023, the Company performed its annual goodwill impairment assessment using a qualitative approach as of the beginning of the second quarter of Fiscal 2023. In performing the assessment, the Company identified and considered the significance of relevant key factors, events, and circumstances that affected the fair values and/or carrying amounts of its reporting units with allocated goodwill. These factors included external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, as well as entity-specific factors, such as the Company's actual and expected financial performance. Additionally, the Company also considered the results of its most recent quantitative goodwill impairment test, which was performed as of the end of Fiscal 2020 and incorporated assumptions related to COVID-19 business disruptions, the results of which indicated that the fair values of these reporting units significantly exceeded their respective carrying values. Based on the results of its qualitative goodwill impairment assessment, the Company concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of its reporting units are less than their respective carrying values and there were no reporting units at risk of impairment. 
 
 13. 
 PP PP AE Net investment hedges (c) 
 ONCA ONCA ONCL Total Designated Hedges Undesignated Hedges: FC Undesignated hedges (d) 
 PP PP AE AE Total Hedges 
 F-36 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

separate counterparties, the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheets as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022 would be adjusted from the current gross presentation as detailed in the following table: 
 April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Gross Amounts Presented in the Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Balance Sheet that are Subject to Master Netting Agreements Net Amount Gross Amounts Presented in the Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Balance Sheet that are Subject to Master Netting Agreements Net Amount (millions) Derivative assets ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) 
 The Company's master netting arrangements do not require cash collateral to be pledged by the Company or its counterparties. See Note 3 for further discussion of the Company's master netting arrangements. 
 ) Net investment hedges effective portion 
 ) Net investment hedges portion excluded from assessment of hedge effectiveness ) Total Designated Hedges ) 
 Location and Amount of Gains (Losses) from Cash Flow Hedges Reclassified from AOCI to Earnings Fiscal Years Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 Cost of goods sold Other income (expense), net Cost of goods sold Other income (expense), net Cost of goods sold Other income (expense), net (millions) Total amounts presented in the consolidated statements of operations in which the effects of related cash flow hedges are recorded 
 ) ) ) ) Effects of cash flow hedging: FC Cash flow hedges ) 
 F-37 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Interest expense Total Net Investment Hedges 
 
 (a) Amounts recognized in OCI relating to the effective portion of the Company's net investment hedges would be recognized in earnings only upon the sale or liquidation of the hedged net investment. 
 As of April 1, 2023, it is estimated that million of pretax n et gains on both outstanding and matured derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges deferred in AOCI will be recognized in earnings over the next twelve months. Amounts ultimately recognized in earnings will depend on exchange rates in effect when outstanding derivative instruments are settled. 
 ) Other income (expense), net Total Undesignated Hedges ) 
 Risk Management Strategies 
 Forward Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts 
 The Company uses forward foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate its risk related to exchange rate fluctuations on inventory transactions made in an entity's non-functional currency, the settlement of foreign currency-denominated balances, and the translation of certain foreign operations' net assets into U.S. Dollars. As part of its overall strategy for managing the level of exposure to such exchange rate risk, relating primarily to the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the South Korean Won, the Australian Dollar, the Canadian Dollar, the British Pound Sterling, the Swiss Franc, and the Chinese Renminbi, the Company generally hedges a portion of its related exposures anticipated over the next using forward foreign currency exchange contracts with maturities of to to provide continuing coverage over the period of the respective exposure. 
 Cross-Currency Swap Contracts 
 The Company periodically designates pay-fixed rate, receive fixed-rate cross-currency swap contracts as hedges of its net investment in certain of its European subsidiaries. These contracts swap U.S. Dollar-denominated fixed interest rate payments based on the contract's notional amount and the fixed rate of interest payable on certain of the Company's senior notes for Euro-denominated fixed interest rate payments, thereby economically converting a portion of its fixed-rate U.S. Dollar-denominated senior note obligations to fixed-rate Euro-denominated obligations. 
 See Note 3 for further discussion of the Company's accounting policies relating to its derivative financial instruments. 
 F-38 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively, and consisted of time deposits. 
 No significant realized or unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale investments or impairment charges were recorded during any of the fiscal years presented. 
 Refer to Note 3 for further discussion of the Company's accounting policies relating to its investments. 
 
 14. 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance leases Property and equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities: Operating leases : 
 Current portion Current operating lease liabilities Non-current portion Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases : 
 Current portion Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Non-current portion Long-term finance lease liabilities Total finance lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 (a) 
 Finance lease costs : 
 Depreciation of leased assets (b) 
 Accretion of lease liabilities Interest expense Variable lease cost (c) 
 Short-term lease cost SG A expenses Sublease income ) ) ) Restructuring and other charges, net Total lease cost 
 
 (a) During Fiscal 2023, million was included within cost of goods sold, million was included within SG A expenses, and million was included within restructuring and other charges, net. During Fiscal 2022, million was included within cost of goods sold, million was included within SG A expenses, and million was included within restructuring and other charges, net. During Fiscal 2021, million was included 
 F-39 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million was included within SG A expenses, and million was included within restructuring and other charges, net. 
 (b) During Fiscal 2023, million was included within SG A expenses and million was included within restructuring and other charges, net. During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, depreciation of leased assets were included within SG A expenses. 
 (c) During Fiscal 2023, million was included within cost of goods sold, million was included within SG A expenses, and million was included within restructuring and other charges, net. During Fiscal 2022, million was included within cost of goods sold and million was included within SG A expenses, and a benefit of million was included within restructuring and other charges, net. During Fiscal 2021, million was included within cost of goods sold and million was included within SG A expenses. 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 See Note 21 for supplemental non-cash information related to ROU assets recorded in connection with the recognition of new lease liabilities. 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 Additionally, the Company has million of future payment obligations relating to executed lease agreements for which the related lease terms had not yet commenced as of the end of Fiscal 2023, and, therefore, are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as of April 1, 2023. 
 F-40 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Weighted-average discount rate 
 See Note 3 for discussion of the Company's accounting policies related to leases. 
 
 15. 
 million as of April 1, 2023, which is expected to be paid as follows: 
 Mandatory Transition 
 Tax Payments (a) 
 (millions) Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Total mandatory transition tax payments 
 
 (a) Included within current and non-current income tax payable in the consolidated balance sheets based upon the estimated timing of payments. 
 Employee Agreements 
 The Company has employment agreements with certain executives in the normal course of business which provide for compensation and certain other benefits. These agreements also provide for severance payments under certain circumstances. 
 Other Commitments 
 Other off-balance sheet firm commitments amounted to billion as of April 1, 2023, including inventory purchase commitments of million, lease commitments related to lease agreements for which the related lease terms have not yet commenced of million, outstanding letters of credit of million, interest payments related to the Company's debt of million, and other commitments of million, comprised of the Company's legally-binding obligations under sponsorship, licensing, and other marketing and advertising agreements, information technology-related service agreements, and pension-related obligations. 
 Other Matters 
 The Company is involved, from time to time, in litigation, other legal claims, and proceedings involving matters associated with or incidental to its business, including, among other things, matters involving credit card fraud, trademark and other intellectual property, licensing, importation and exportation of its products, taxation, unclaimed property, leases, and employee relations. The Company believes at present that the resolution of currently pending matters will not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial statements. However, the Company's assessment of any current litigation or other legal claims could potentially change in light of the discovery of facts not presently known or determinations by judges, juries, or other finders of fact which are not in accord with management's evaluation of the possible liability or outcome of such litigation or claims. 
 F-41 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

16. 
 classes of common stock. There are million shares of Class A common stock and million shares of Class B common stock authorized to be issued. Shares of Class A and Class B common stock have substantially identical rights, except with respect to voting rights. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote per share and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to votes per share. Holders of both classes of stock vote together as a single class on all matters presented to the stockholders for their approval, except with respect to the election and removal of directors or as otherwise required by applicable law. All outstanding shares of Class B common stock are owned by Mr. Ralph Lauren, the Company's Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer, and entities controlled by the Lauren family, and are convertible at any time into shares of Class A common stock on a basis. 
 Common Stock Repurchase Program 
 Repurchases of shares of the Company's Class A common stock are subject to overall business and market conditions, as well as other potential factors such as the temporary restrictions previously in place under the Company's Global Credit Facility. Accordingly, in response to business disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, effective beginning in the first quarter of Fiscal 2021, the Company temporarily suspended its common stock repurchase program as a preemptive action to preserve cash and strengthen its liquidity position. During the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company resumed activities under its Class A common stock repurchase program as restrictions under its Global Credit Facility were lifted (see Note 11) and overall business and market conditions have improved since the COVID-19 pandemic first emerged. 
 Number of shares repurchased 
 On February 2, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved an expansion of the Company's existing common stock repurchase program that allows it to repurchase up to an additional billion of its Class A common stock. As of April 1, 2023, the remaining availability under the Company's Class A common stock repurchase program was approximately billion. 
 As discussed in Note 10, as a result of the IRA's enactment into law, the Company is now subject to a excise tax on share repurchases, effective for share repurchases made after December 31, 2022. This excise tax may be reduced for the value of certain share issuances. The excise tax incurred in connection with the Company's stock repurchases during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023 was not material. 
 In addition, during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, million, million, and million shares of the Company's Class A common stock, at a cost of million, million, and million, respectively, were surrendered to or withheld by the Company in satisfaction of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of awards under its long-term stock incentive plans. 
 Repurchased and surrendered shares are accounted for as treasury stock at cost and held in treasury for future use. 
 F-42 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 per share. On May 18, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved an increase to the Company's quarterly cash dividend on its common stock from to per share. Dividends paid amounted to million, million, and million for Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. 
 The Company intends to continue to pay regular dividends on outstanding shares of its common stock. However, any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will ultimately be made at the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors and will depend on the Company's results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant, including economic and market conditions. 
 
 17.) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: OCI before reclassifications 
 ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance at March 27, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: OCI before reclassifications 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance at April 2, 2022 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: OCI before reclassifications 
 ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Balance at April 1, 2023 ) ) 
 
 (a) OCI before reclassifications to earnings related to foreign currency translation gains (losses) includes income tax provisions of million and million for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively, and includes an income tax benefit of million for Fiscal 2021. OCI before reclassifications to earnings includes gains of million (net of a million income tax provision) and million (net of a million income tax provision) for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively, and includes a loss of million (net of a million income tax benefit) for Fiscal 2021, related to changes in the fair values of instruments designated as hedges of the Company's net investment in certain foreign operations (see Note 13). 
 (b) OCI before reclassifications to earnings related to net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges are presented net of income tax provisions of million and million for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively, and are 
 F-43 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million for Fiscal 2021. The tax effects on amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings are presented in a table below. 
 (c) Activity is presented net of taxes, which were immaterial for all periods presented. 
 
 Cost of goods sold FC Cash flow hedges 
 ) Other income (expense), net Tax effect ) ) ) Income tax provision Net of tax 
 
 (a) FC = Forward foreign currency exchange contracts. 
 
 18. 
 million of new shares authorized for issuance to the participants, in addition to the approximately million shares that remained available for issuance under the 2010 Incentive Plan as of August 1, 2019. In addition, any outstanding awards under the 2010 Incentive Plan or the Company's 1997 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (the "1997 Incentive Plan") that expire, are forfeited, or are surrendered to the Company in satisfaction of taxes, will become available for issuance under the 2019 Incentive Plan. The 2019 Incentive Plan became effective August 1, 2019 and no further grants will be made under the 2010 Incentive Plan. Outstanding awards issued prior to August 1, 2019 will continue to remain subject to the terms of the 2010 Incentive Plan or 1997 Incentive Plan, as applicable. As of April 1, 2023, million shares remained available for future issuance under the Company's incentive plans. 
 Stock-based compensation awards that may be made under the 2019 Incentive Plan include, but are not limited to, (i) RSUs, (ii) restricted stock, and (iii) stock options. During the fiscal years presented, annual grants consisted entirely of RSUs. For RSUs granted to retirement-eligible employees, or employees who become retirement-eligible prior to the end of the awards' respective stated vesting periods, vesting continues post-retirement for all or a portion of the remaining unvested RSUs. 
 Impact on Results 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) 
 
 (a) Fiscal 2022 includes million of accelerated stock-based compensation expense recorded within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations (see Note 9). All other stock-based compensation expense was recorded within SG A expenses. 
 F-44 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 period, subject to the employee's continuing employment (except for awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, or employees who become retirement-eligible prior to the end of the awards' respective stated vesting periods, as previously discussed). The fair values of service-based RSUs are based on the fair value of the Company's Class A common stock on the date of grant, adjusted to reflect the absence of dividends for any awards for which dividend equivalent amounts do not accrue while outstanding and unvested. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at April 1, 2023 
 Weighted-average period expected to be recognized over (years) 
 Additional information pertaining to service-based RSU activity is as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 Service-based RSUs: Weighted-average grant date fair value of awards granted Total fair value of awards vested (millions) 
 Performance-based RSUs 
 The Company grants performance-based RSUs to its senior executives and other key employees. The fair values of performance-based RSUs are based on the fair value of the Company's Class A common stock on the date of grant, adjusted to reflect the absence of dividends for any awards for which dividend equivalent amounts do not accrue while outstanding and unvested. Performance-based RSUs generally vest (i) upon the completion of a period of time (cliff vesting), subject to the employee's continuing employment (except for awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, or employees who become retirement-eligible prior to the end of the awards' respective stated vesting periods, as previously discussed) and the Company's achievement of certain performance goals established at the beginning of the performance period or (ii) ratably, over a period of time (graded vesting), subject to the employee's continuing employment during the applicable vesting period (except for awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, or employees who become retirement- 
 F-45 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 vesting period. 
 For performance-based RSUs subject to cliff vesting, the number of shares that may be earned ranges between (if the specified threshold performance level is not attained) and (if performance meets or exceeds the maximum achievement level) of the awards originally granted. If actual performance exceeds the pre-established threshold, the number of shares earned is calculated based on the relative performance between specified levels of achievement. 
 No performance-based awards were granted during Fiscal 2021 as the Company elected to temporarily issue service-based RSUs in lieu of performance-based RSUs as a result of business disruptions and uncertainty created by the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, performance metrics of certain cliff-vesting performance-based RSUs granted during prior years were changed during Fiscal 2021 and their related payout ranges lowered, with no resulting incremental compensation cost. 
 Market-based RSUs 
 The Company grants cliff vesting RSU awards to its senior executives and other key employees, which, in addition to being subject to continuing employment requirements (except for awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, or employees who become retirement-eligible prior to the end of the awards' respective stated vesting periods, as previously discussed), are also subject to a market condition based on a TSR performance metric. The number of shares that vest upon the completion of a period of time is determined by comparing the Company's TSR relative to that of a pre-established peer group over the related performance period. Depending on the Company's level of achievement against its TSR performance goals, the number of shares that ultimately vest may range from to of the awards originally granted. 
 The Company estimates the fair value of its TSR awards on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation, which models multiple stock price paths of the Company's Class A common stock and that of its peer group to evaluate and determine its ultimate expected relative TSR performance ranking. Compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, is recorded regardless of whether, and the extent to which, the market condition is ultimately satisfied. No such awards were granted during Fiscal 2021 as the Company elected to temporarily issue service-based RSUs in lieu of performance-based RSUs as a result of business disruptions and uncertainty created by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 N/A Expected dividend yield N/A Risk-free interest rate N/A Weighted-average grant date fair value N/A 
 F-46 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Granted Change due to performance and/or market condition achievement ) Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at April 1, 2023 
 Weighted-average period expected to be recognized over (years) 
 Additional information pertaining to performance-based RSU activity including TSR awards is as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 March 27, 2021 Performance-based RSUs: Weighted-average grant date fair value of awards granted N/A Total fair value of awards vested (millions) 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options were previously granted to employees and non-employee directors with exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the Company's Class A common stock on the date of grant. Generally, options become exercisable ratably (graded-vesting schedule) over a vesting period, subject to the employee's continuing employment. Stock options generally expire from the date of grant. There were stock options outstanding as of April 1, 2023 or April 2, 2022, nor were any stock options granted or exercised during any of the fiscal years presented. 
 
 19. 
 of the first of salary contributed by an eligible employee. Additionally, the Company makes a supplemental matching contribution for plan years in which the Company achieves an "above target" performance level based on certain goals established at the beginning of each fiscal year, increasing the matching contribution to between and depending on the performance level achieved, of the first of salary contributed by eligible employees, not to exceed the maximum contribution permitted by the plan. 
 Under the terms of the plans, a participant becomes 100 vested in the Company's matching contributions after of credited service. Contributions made by the Company under these plans were million, million, and million in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. 
 F-47 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively, and were primarily recorded within other non-current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. These single-employer defined benefit plans had aggregate fair values of plan assets of million and aggregate projected benefit obligations of million as of April 1, 2023, compared to aggregate fair values of plan assets of million and aggregate projected benefit obligations of million as of April 2, 2022. The asset portfolio of the single-employer defined benefit plans primarily consists of fixed income securities, which have been measured at fair value largely using Level 2 inputs, as described in Note 12. 
 Net pension expense for these plans was million, million, and million in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. The service cost component of million, million, and million in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively, was recorded within SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. All other components of net pension expense during the fiscal years presented were recorded within other income (expense), net, in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Union Pension Plan 
 The Company participates in a multi-employer pension plan and is required to make contributions to the Workers United union (which was previously known as UNITE HERE) (the "Union") for dues based on wages paid to union employees. A portion of these dues is allocated by the Union to a retirement fund which provides defined benefits to substantially all unionized workers. The Company does not participate in the management of the plan and has not been furnished with information with respect to the type of benefits provided, vested and non-vested benefits, or assets. 
 Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, an employer, upon withdrawal from or termination of a multi-employer plan, is required to continue funding its proportionate share of the plan's unfunded vested benefits. Such liability was assumed in conjunction with the acquisition of certain assets from a non-affiliated licensee. The Company has no current intention of withdrawing from the plan. 
 
 20. 
 reportable segments based on its business activities and organization: 
 North America The North America segment primarily consists of sales of Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through the Company's retail and wholesale businesses primarily in the U.S. and Canada. In North America, the Company's retail business is primarily comprised of its Ralph Lauren stores, its outlet stores, and its digital commerce site, www.RalphLauren.com. The Company's wholesale business in North America is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and, to a lesser extent, specialty stores. 
 Europe The Europe segment primarily consists of sales of Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through the Company's retail and wholesale businesses in Europe and emerging markets. In Europe, the Company's retail business is primarily comprised of its Ralph Lauren stores, its outlet stores, its concession-based shop-within-shops, and its various digital commerce sites. The Company's wholesale business in Europe is comprised primarily of a varying mix of sales to both department stores and specialty stores, depending on the country, as well as to various third-party digital partners. 
 Asia The Asia segment primarily consists of sales of Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through the Company's retail and wholesale businesses in Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. The Company's retail business in Asia is primarily comprised of its Ralph Lauren stores, its outlet stores, its concession-based shop-within-shops, and its various digital commerce sites. In addition, the Company sells its products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites. The Company's wholesale business in Asia is comprised primarily of sales to department stores, with related products distributed through shop-within-shops. 
 F-48 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Europe Asia Other non-reportable segments Total net revenues 
 
 Europe Asia Other non-reportable segments Unallocated corporate expenses ) ) ) Unallocated restructuring and other charges, net (b) 
 ) ) ) Total operating income (loss) ) 
 
 (a) Segment operating income during Fiscal 2021 reflects bad debt expense reversals of million, million, million, and million related to North America, Europe, Asia, and other non-reportable segments, respectively, primarily related to adjustments to reserves previously established in connection with COVID-19 
 F-49 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) ) Europe ) Asia ) ) Other non-reportable segments ) ) Unallocated corporate expenses ) ) ) Total asset impairment charges ) ) ) 
 
 (b)) ) Europe-related ) ) Asia-related ) ) Other non-reportable segment-related ) ) Corporate operations-related ) ) ) Unallocated restructuring charges 
 ) ) ) Other charges (see Note 9) 
 ) ) ) Total unallocated restructuring and other charges, net ) ) ) 
 Europe Asia Other non-reportable segments Unallocated corporate Total depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 F-50 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Europe Asia Other non-reportable segments Unallocated corporate Total capital expenditures 
 Europe (c) 
 Asia (d) 
 Total net revenues 
 April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 (millions) Long-lived assets (a) : 
 The Americas (b) 
 Europe (c) 
 Asia (d) 
 Total long-lived assets 
 
 (a) For certain of the Company's licensed operations, net revenues and long-lived assets, which is comprised of property and equipment and lease ROU assets, are included within the geographic location of the reporting subsidiary which holds the respective license. 
 (b) Includes the U.S., Canada, and Latin America. Net revenues earned in the U.S. were billion , billion, and billion in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. Long-lived assets located in the U.S. were billion and billion as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. 
 (c) Includes the Middle East. 
 (d) Includes Australia and New Zealand. 
 F-51 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 21. 
 Restricted cash included within prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash included within other non-current assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 Restricted cash relates to cash held in escrow with certain banks as collateral, primarily to secure guarantees in connection with certain international tax matters and real estate leases. 
 Cash Paid for Interest and Taxes 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 
 Non-cash Transactions 
 Operating lease ROU assets recorded in connection with the recognition of new lease liabilities were million, million, and million during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. Finance lease ROU assets recorded in connection with the recognition of new lease liabilities were million and million during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2021, respectively, and finance lease ROU assets were recorded in connection with the recognition of new lease liabilities during Fiscal 2022. Additionally, million of operating lease ROU assets were reclassified and reflected as finance lease ROU assets as a result of certain lease amendments executed during Fiscal 2021. 
 Non-cash investing activities also included capital expenditures incurred but not yet paid of million, million, and million as of the end of Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, respectively. 
 There were no other significant non-cash investing or financing activities for any of the fiscal years presented. 
 F-52 

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The management of Ralph Lauren Corporation is responsible for the preparation, objectivity, and integrity of the consolidated financial statements and other information contained in this Annual Report. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and include some amounts that are based on management's informed judgments and best estimates. 
 These consolidated financial statements have been audited by Ernst Young LLP in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, and Fiscal 2021, which is an independent registered public accounting firm. They conducted their audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and have expressed herein their unqualified opinions on those financial statements. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which oversees all of the Company's financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors, consists solely of independent directors, meets with the independent registered accountants, internal auditors, and management periodically to review their respective activities and the discharge of their respective responsibilities. Both the independent registered public accountants and the internal auditors have unrestricted access to the Audit Committee, with or without management, to discuss the scope and results of their audits and any recommendations regarding the system of internal controls. 
 May 25, 2023 
 /s/ PATRICE LOUVET /s/ JANE HAMILTON NIELSEN Patrice Louvet Jane Hamilton Nielsen President and Chief Executive Officer Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

F-53 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Ralph Lauren Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ralph Lauren Corporation (the Company) as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 1, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 1, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of April 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated May 25, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 End-of-season Markdown Reserves Description of the Matter As disclosed in Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements, estimates for end-of-season markdown reserves are based on historical trends, actual and forecasted seasonal results, an evaluation of current economic and market conditions, retailer performance, and, in certain cases, contractual terms. 
 
 Auditing management's estimate of end-of-season markdown reserves was complex and judgmental as reserve amounts are sensitive to changes in market or economic conditions (including the effects of the global pandemic), and have a direct, material impact on the amount of revenue recognized by the Company. There is also significant estimation required to establish markdown reserve rates by brand and customer, which are based on the Company's review of the seasonal negotiations with each customer and the expected performance of the products in the customers' stores. 
 
 F-54 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company's process to calculate the end-of-season markdown reserves, including the consideration of historical experience, actual and forecasted seasonal results, current economic and market conditions (including the effects of the global pandemic), retailer performance, and contractual terms as applicable. 
 
 To test the estimate of end-of-season markdown reserves, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies and testing the assumptions regarding seasonal negotiations with each customer which include the application of market and economic conditions to individual customers and the expected performance of the products in the customers' stores that were used by the Company to calculate the projected markdown allowances to be issued upon settlement. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current market and economic trends, historical results and other relevant factors. We assessed the historical accuracy of management's estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to substantively test the changes in the estimate that would result from reasonable changes in the assumptions. 
 Estimated Realizable Value of Inventory Description of the Matter As of April 1, 2023, the Company's net inventory balance was million. As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the valuation of inventory requires management to make assumptions and judgments about the recoverability of inventory and its estimated realizable value. 
 The estimated realizable value of inventory is determined based on an analysis of historical sales trends, market trends and economic conditions including the lingering effects of the global pandemic (e.g., supply chain volatility and inflationary pressures), future sales forecasts, on-hand inventory quantities, and consideration of the value of existing customer orders for future sales of inventory. Given the importance of inventory to the Company's operations and the materiality of the balance, coupled with the judgment involved in estimating future sales, auditing management s estimated realizable value involved a higher extent of testing and the involvement of more senior members of the engagement team in executing, supervising and reviewing the results of the procedures. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the process to determine the estimated realizable value of inventory, including controls over the inputs and assumptions used in management's calculation as described above. 
 Our audit procedures to test the estimated realizable value of inventory included, among others, evaluating the appropriateness of management's inputs to the calculation, including testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used in management's calculation such as historical sales activity and loss rates for each class of inventory, write-off activity, on-hand inventory levels and inventory aging. To evaluate management's ability to accurately estimate future sales projections, which is also a key factor in the determination of the reserve, we retrospectively reviewed actual sales compared to projections and considered the lingering impacts of the global pandemic (e.g., supply chain volatility and inflationary pressures) on market trends and economic conditions. We also tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company's calculation. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2008. 
 
 May 25, 2023 
 F-55 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Ralph Lauren Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Ralph Lauren Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of April 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Ralph Lauren Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 1, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 1, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated May 25, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 New York, New York 
 May 25, 2023 
 F-56 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 rl-20230401x10kex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation Acqui Polo SAS France Fashion Development Corp. Delaware Mountain Rose (USA), LLC Delaware Polo Jeans Company, LLC Delaware Polo Players, Ltd Delaware Poloco USA, Inc Delaware PRL CMI, LLC Delaware PRL Delaware, LLC Delaware PRL Fashions Inc. Delaware PRL Hotel Company LLC Delaware PRL International, Inc. Delaware PRL Netherlands Limited, LLC Delaware PRL S.R.L. Argentina PRL USA Holdings, Inc. Delaware PRL USA, Inc. Delaware Ralph Lauren Americas, S.A. Panama Ralph Lauren Apparel Prague s.r.o. Czech Republic Ralph Lauren Asia Holding Company Limited (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren Asia Holding Company Limited) Hong Kong Ralph Lauren Asia Pacific Limited (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren Asia Pacific, Limited) Hong Kong Ralph Lauren Australia Pty Ltd (f k a PRL Australia Pty Ltd) Australia Ralph Lauren Austria GmbH (f k a PRL Textil Gmbh) Austria Ralph Lauren Aviation, LLC (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren Aviation, LLC) Delaware Ralph Lauren Belgium S.p.r.l. (f k a Poloco Belgium S.p.r.l.) Belgium Ralph Lauren Brasil, Licenciamento, Loca es e Participa es Ltda. Brazil Ralph Lauren Canada Corporation Canada Ralph Lauren Commercial Enterprises ULC Ireland Ralph Lauren Company West, LLC Delaware Ralph Lauren Corporation Delaware Ralph Lauren Denmark ApS (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren Denmark ApS) Denmark Ralph Lauren Espana SL (f k a Poloco Espana SL) Spain Ralph Lauren Europe S rl (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren Europe S rl) Switzerland Ralph Lauren Footwear Co., Inc. Massachusetts Ralph Lauren France S.A.S. (f k a Poloco S.A.S.) France Ralph Lauren Germany Gmbh (f k a Polo Moden Gmbh) Germany Ralph Lauren Holding BV (f k a Polo Hold BV) Netherlands Ralph Lauren Home Collection Showroom, LLC (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren Home Collection Showroom, LLC) Delaware Ralph Lauren Home Collection, Inc. Delaware Ralph Lauren (Hong Kong) Retail Company Limited (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren (Hong Kong) Retail Company Limited) Hong Kong Ralph Lauren (Hong Kong) Retail Company Limited Taiwan Branch (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren (Hong Kong) Retail Company Limited Taiwan Branch) Taiwan Ralph Lauren Import and Export (Shanghai) Company Limited China 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation Ralph Lauren International Holdings ULC Ireland Ralph Lauren Ireland Limited Ireland Ralph Lauren Japan G.K. (f k a Ralph Lauren Corporation Japan) Japan Ralph Lauren Jeans Company, LLC Delaware Ralph Lauren Korea Ltd. (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren Korea Ltd) Korea Ralph Lauren Latin American Services, S. de R.L. Panama Ralph Lauren Lifestyle Concepts (NY) LLC New York Ralph Lauren Lifestyle Concepts LLC Delaware Ralph Lauren (Macau) Limited (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren (Macau) Limited) Macau Ralph Lauren Ma azacilik ve Ticaret Limited Sirketi Turkey Ralph Lauren (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd) Malaysia Ralph Lauren Management Services, LLC Delaware Ralph Lauren Media, LLC Delaware Ralph Lauren Netherlands BV (f k a Poloco Netherlands BV) Netherlands Ralph Lauren New Zealand Limited New Zealand Ralph Lauren Poland Sp. z.o.o. Poland Ralph Lauren Portugal, Unipessoal LDA (f k a PRL Portugal, Unipessoal LDA) Portugal Ralph Lauren Retail, Inc. Delaware Ralph Lauren Saint Barth S.A.S. (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren S.A.S. (St. Barthelemy) France Ralph Lauren Scandinavia AB (f k a Poloco Scandinavia AB) Sweden Ralph Lauren (Singapore) Private Limited (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren (Singapore) Private Limited) Singapore Ralph Lauren Sourcing Americas, LLC (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren Sourcing Americas, LLC) Delaware Ralph Lauren Sourcing Company, Ltd (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren Sourcing Company, Ltd) Hong Kong Ralph Lauren Sourcing Italy S.r.l. Italy Ralph Lauren Switzerland Sagl Switzerland Ralph Lauren Trading (Dongguan) Company Ltd China Ralph Lauren Trading (Dongguan) Company Ltd, Shanghai Huangpu Branch China Ralph Lauren Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd (f k a Polo Ralph Lauren Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd) China Ralph Lauren UK Ltd. (f k a Polo UK Ltd.) United Kingdom Ralph Lauren Vietnam Limited Liability Company Vietnam Ralph Lauren Vietnam Limited Liability Company, Ho Chi Minh City Branch Vietnam Ralph Lauren Womenswear, LLC Delaware RL Delaware, LLC Delaware RL Fashions of Europe S.r.l. (f k a PRL Fashions of Europe S.r.l.) Italy RL Finance BV (f k a Polo Fin BV) Netherlands RL Fragrances, LLC Delaware RL Hellas Resorts EPE Greece RL International Assignments, Inc. (f k a Polo International Assignments Service Corp.) Delaware RL Retail Services Limited (f k a Polo Retail Europe Limited) United Kingdom RL Services Srl (f k a PRL Sample Development Center Srl) Italy RL Sourcing Bangladesh Limited Bangladesh RL Sourcing Bangladesh Private Limited Bangladesh RL Sourcing India LLP India RL Sweden AB Sweden RL Travel, Inc Delaware RLPR, Inc. Delaware 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation RLWW, LLC Delaware Rodeo Girl Productions, Inc. New York Sun Apparel, LLC Delaware The Polo Lauren Company LP New York The Polo Lauren Company L.P., Succursale de Plan les Ouates Switzerland The Ralph Lauren Womenswear Company, L.P. Delaware WSH, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 rl-20230401x10kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 pertaining to the 1997 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (Registration No. 333-46808), Form S-8 pertaining to the 1997 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan and 1997 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Registration No. 333-29023), Form S-8 pertaining to the 2010 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (Registration No. 333-169619), Form S-8 pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2010 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (Registration No. 333-191338), and Form S-8 pertaining to the 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (Registration Nos. 333-213431 and 333-232956) by Ralph Lauren Corporation, of our reports dated May 25, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Ralph Lauren Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Ralph Lauren Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended April 1, 2023. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 New York, NY 
 May 25, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 rl-20230401x10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Patrice Louvet, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ralph Lauren Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s PATRICE LOUVET Patrice Louvet President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date May 25, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 rl-20230401x10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jane Hamilton Nielsen, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ralph Lauren Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s JANE HAMILTON NIELSEN Jane Hamilton Nielsen Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date May 25, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 rl-20230401x10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification of Patrice Louvet Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ralph Lauren Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended April 1, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patrice Louvet, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 s PATRICE LOUVET Patrice Louvet Date May 25, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Ralph Lauren Corporation and will be retained by Ralph Lauren Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 rl-20230401x10kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification of Jane Hamilton Nielsen Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ralph Lauren Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended April 1, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jane Hamilton Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 s JANE HAMILTON NIELSEN Jane Hamilton Nielsen Date May 25, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Ralph Lauren Corporation and will be retained by Ralph Lauren Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 rl-20230401.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 rl-20230401_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rl-20230401_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rl-20230401_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 rl-20230401_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

