<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230403_10-K_edgar_data_1765826_0001599916-23-000072.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1445452</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102771</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>324685</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>354330</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>252738</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>375418</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001599916-23-000072.hdr.sgml : 20230403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403135945
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001599916-23-000072
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blubuzzard, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001765826
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				833740469
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56019
		FILM NUMBER:		23791834

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		640 DOUGLAS AVENUE
		CITY:			DUNEDIN
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34698
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727-424-3277

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		640 DOUGLAS AVENUE
		CITY:			DUNEDIN
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34698

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fast Lane Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190124

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001599916-23-000072.txt : 20230403

10-K
 1
 blubuzzard_10krevf.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

OR 

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to
_________ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware 
 83-3740469 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

640 Douglas Avenue 
 Dunedin, Florida 
 34698 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Securities to be registered under Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 None 
 None; Shares are however quoted on the 
 OTC Markets Group Inc s Pink Open Market. 

Securities to be registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: 

Common stock, par value of 0.001 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 [X] Yes [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). [X] 
 [ ] No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 [X] [ ] No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant was approximately based on the closing price per share (or 0.004), of the registrant s common stock
as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of stock, as of the latest practicable
date: 

729,483,160 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, issued
and outstanding as of April 3, 2023 

 5,000 shares of
preferred stock, 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding as of April 3, 2023. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Blubuzzard, Inc. 

PART I 

PAGE 
 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 5 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 5 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 
 5 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 5 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 5 

PART II 

Item
 5 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 5 
 
 Item 6 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 
 6 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 7 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F1-F8 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 8 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 8 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other
 Information 
 
 8 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 9 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 11 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 12 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 12 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 13 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 14 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 14 

Signatures 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain statements and information included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this Report ), contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), Section 21 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical facts, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning
future events and results. We generally use the words may, should, believe, expect, 
 intend, plan, anticipate, likely, estimate, potential, 
 continue, will, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements, including those concerning our expectations, involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond
our control, which may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements, or industry results to be materially different from
any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Except as required by
applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You are cautioned not to unduly
rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this Report. 

CERTAIN TERMS USED IN
THIS REPORT 

We, us, our, 
 the Registrant, the Company, and Blubuzzard are synonymous with Blubuzzard, Inc., unless otherwise indicated. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

(a) Business Development 

 Blubuzzard, Inc., FKA Fast Lane Holdings, Inc., was incorporated on December 6, 2018 in the State of Delaware.
The Company was created for the sole purpose of participating in a Delaware holding company reorganization pursuant to Section 251(g)
of the General Corporation Law of the state of Delaware, (the DGCL with Giant Motorsports Delaware Inc. GMOS Delaware ),
a Delaware corporation incorporated on December 6, 2018 and parent company of Fast Lane Holdings, Inc., and Giant Motorsports Merger Sub,
Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated on December 6, 2018 and a wholly owned subsidiary of Fast Lane Holdings, Inc. 

 On December 6, 2018, Paul Moody was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director of Fast Lane Holdings,
Inc., Giant Motorsports Delaware, Inc. and Giant Motorsports Merger Sub, Inc. 

 On December 28, 2018, Giant Motorsports, Inc. GMOS Nevada ), a Nevada corporation merged with and into GMOS Delaware,
a wholly owned subsidiary of GMOS Nevada with GMOS Delaware as the surviving corporation. The sole purpose to merge GMOS Nevada with and
into GMOS Delaware was to re-domesticate GMOS Nevada from Nevada to Delaware. 

 On December 28, 2018, Giant Motorsports Delaware, Inc. completed the holding company reorganization by merging with and into its indirect
wholly owned subsidiary known as Giant Motorsports Merger Sub, Inc. with Giant Motorsports Delaware, Inc. as the surviving corporation
and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Fast Lane Holdings, Inc. Fast Lane Holdings, Inc., as successor issuer to Giant Motorsports,
Inc., continued to trade in the OTC MarketPlace under the previous ticker symbol GMOS until the new ticker symbol for the
Company FLHI was released into the OTC MarketPlace on January 10, 2019. The Company was given a new CUSIP Number by CUSIP
Global Services for its common stock of 31189D109. Concurrently, the Company cancelled all of its stock held in GMOS Delaware resulting
in GMOS Delaware becoming a stand-alone company. 

 On October 21, 2019, Giant Consulting Services, LLC, the largest controlling shareholder of Fast Lane Holdings, Inc., consummated a
sale of 60,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock and 2,550 shares of preferred stock to Lykato Group, LLC, an accredited investor
for a purchase price of 325,000. Following the closing of the share purchase transaction, Lykato Group, LLC gained ownership of approximately
82.25 interest in the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Lykato Group, LLC, which is owned and controlled by James Xilas,
is currently our largest controlling shareholder. 

 On October 21, 2019, Mr. Paul Moody resigned as our
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director. The resignation was not the result of
any disagreement with us on any matter relating to our operations, policies or practices. 

On October 21, 2019, Mr. James Xilas was appointed
as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director. Since or about 2002, Mr. Xilas
has been an individual investor in the securities markets, including various micro and small cap companies, and real estate market. From
May 2004 to December 2006, Mr. Xilas owned and operated a small boutique broker-dealer in Florida and Pennsylvania, Salix Capital Securities
Corp., where he held the Series 4, 7, 24, 27, and 63 securities licenses. 

On December 11, 2019, James Xilas being the sole board
director and majority shareholder by and through his beneficial interest in Lykato Group, LLC, a Florida limited liability company did
hereby take, ratify, affirm, and approve a 10:1 forward stock split affecting both authorized and outstanding common shares, change of
our corporate name from Fast Lane Holdings, Inc. to Blubuzzard, Inc. and a ticker symbol change from FLHI 
to BZRD . The foregoing changes were effective on December 27, 2019 upon the filing of a Certificate of Amendment with the
Delaware Secretary of State. 

The Company s bylaws were
amended to reflect the name change with no other changes made. The Company s CUSIP number changed from 31189D109 to 095228102 as
a result of the aforementioned actions. The market effective date for the symbol change is and was February 7, 2020. Pre-Split total common
shares outstanding is and was 72,948,316. Post-Split total common shares outstanding is and remains 729,483,160. 

On June 4, 2021, the Company terminated its
registration by filing Form 15. This operated to immediately cease the Company s on-going requirement to file periodic and
current reports. However, this did not remove our obligation to file all previous delinquent reports under Section 13 (a) of the
Exchange Act of 1934. Our additional reporting responsibilities were terminated on September 2, 2021, 90 days after the filing of
Form 15. We did not file all required periodic reports during the time that we had a Section 13 (a) obligation. The specific
reports that were missing when we filed Form 15 were the quarterly periods ending September 30, 2020, June 30, 2020, annual report
for the period ending December 31, 2020 and the quarterly report for the period ending March 31, 2021. The Company believes there
was no material impact on investors from the time the Company became delinquent in filing periodic reports. The reason being is that
the Company had no operations or revenue during the delinquency period. Moreover, the financial statements and notes included in the
Form 10-12G filed on September 21, 2021 contains all material information that would have been disclosed in separate quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ending September 30th and June 30th of 2020 and is consistent with Section 1320.4 of
the Division s Financial Reporting Manual. 

Our common stock was quoted and traded on the over-the-counter market (the OTC Markets in the
Pink Open Market (the Pink Market until September 27, 2021. On September 28, 2021, our common stock ceased to be quoted
on the OTC Market and was shifted to the Expert Market. The OTC Markets Group operates the Expert Market as a separate market tier. 

In September 2020, the SEC amended Exchange
Act Rule 15c2-11, which primarily governs a broker s ability to submit or publish quotations for securities that trade on the over-the-counter
(OTC) markets. In essence, Rule 15c2-11 prohibits dealers from publishing quotations for OTC securities to quotation mediums without first
reviewing certain issuer financial information and ensuring that information is current and publicly available before quoting that security. 

 Under the amended Rule 15c2-11 (the Amended
Rule ), which took effect on September 28, 2021, (the Effective Time current information about an issuer must be
publicly available in order for an issuer s security to become quoted initially, and remain quoted, on one of the public markets
operated by the OTC Markets Group. 

 The Company filed a Form 10 registration statement on July
7, 2021 that included financial statements and Notes with the Commission conforming to Regulation S-X. The Company s
management decided that a new Form 10 registration statement would be the most expeditious way to become current in its reporting
requirements rather than filing the delinquent reports because of the effective date of the Amended Rule. We withdrew the foregoing
registration statement on August 31, 2021. We subsequently filed a Form 10 registration statement on September 21, 2021. The
registration statement became effective 60 days thereafter by means of automatic effectiveness and the most recent, and final
amendment to the registration statement was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 13, 2021. The Securities
and Exchange Commission cleared any pending comments on December 27, 2021. 

 Following the automatic effectiveness of the aforementioned
Form 10-12G the Company s common stock resumed quotation via the over-the-counter marketplace (the OTC Markets Pink
Open Market (the Pink Market ). 

 Additional Disclosure 

 It should be noted that the Company previously attempted to
start a fintech business and made public statements through stand-alone press releases in 2020 to give away a nominally valued digital
asset indirectly related to the price of silver in exchange for opening an account. The Company previously intended to digitize
silver but has subsequently abandoned the fintech business and these efforts. Blubuzzard, Inc. nor BluBuzzard Advisors ever sold
or purchased any nuggets , buzCoins and/or any other digital asset whose value purportedly related to the
value of silver, and no customer ever received the same. BluBuzzard Advisors is registered with the Florida Division of Securities. It
has not conducted any business or solicited any clients. It has no clients, no assets under management; and relatedly, no costs or fees
related to providing such services. Blu Nugget, LLC did not have a role in the abandoned offering of digital assets by BluBuzzard or
BluBuzzard Advisors. Mr. Xilas is the authorized and sole member (AMBR) as well as the Registered Agent of Blu Nugget LLC. 

 - 1 - 

Table of Contents 

The Company s business plan was promptly abandoned and
the Company and Blubuzzard Advisors never sold or purchased any nuggets , buzCoins and or any other digital
asset whose value purportedly related to the value of silver. No customer ever received the same or sent in any money to acquire a nugget 
nor was an offer to sell a nugget ever solicited. Therefore, the Company believes the press releases by their terms did
not constitute an invitation to sell or an offer to buy any securities within the meaning of Section 2(3) of the Securities Act regardless
of certain language in the press releases. Simply stated, it does not appear that any sale or offering of anything for value 
as required by Section 2(a)(3) occurred since no money or other type of consideration was exchanged or solicited for any nuggets ,
 BuzCoins or any other digital asset whose value purportedly related to the value of silver. However, if the Company s
understanding is later determined to be incorrect, then the SEC could initiate proceedings against the company and any person that sold
or solicited what could deemed to be securities in violation of Section 5 of the 1933 Securities Act that states as follows: 

 Section 5(a) of the Securities Act states that unless a registration
statement is in effect as to a security, it shall be unlawful for any person, directly or indirectly, to make use of any means or instruments
of transportation or communication in interstate commerce or of the mails to sell such security through the use or medium of any prospectus
or otherwise; or to carry or cause to be carried through the mails or in interstate commerce, by any means or instruments of transportation,
any such security for the purpose of sale or for delivery after sale. 

 Section 5(c) of the Securities Act states that it shall be unlawful
for any person, directly or indirectly, to make use of any means or instruments of transportation or communication in interstate commerce
or of the mails to offer to sell or offer to buy through the use or medium of any prospectus or otherwise any security, unless a registration
statement has been filed as to such security. 

 In addition, if the Company s understanding is determined
to be incorrect, any person found to have unintentionally or otherwise offered or sold a security in violation of the registration requirements
of Section 5 of the Securities Act could be subject to potential civil liability. 

 Remedies for such a violation can be found under Section 12(a)(1)
of the Securities Act and include the obligation to return to any purchaser the amount paid for the unregistered securities plus interest. 

 We use the commercial office
space owned by our director at no cost. 

The Company has been engaged in organizational efforts and obtaining initial
financing. The Company seeks to serve as a vehicle to pursue a business combination and has made no efforts thus far to identify a possible
business combination. As a result, the Company has not conducted negotiations or entered into a letter of intent concerning any target
business. The business purpose of the Company is to seek the acquisition of or merger with an existing company. 

The Company is an emerging growth company EGC ),
that is exempt from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act (the JOBS Act), that eases restrictions on the sale of securities; and increases the number of shareholders a company must
have before becoming subject to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commissions (SEC s) reporting and disclosure rules (See Emerging
Growth Companies Section Below). 

(b) Business Summary 

The
Company, based on proposed business activities, is a blank check company. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) defines those companies as any development stage company that is issuing a penny stock, within the meaning of Section 3 (a)(51)-1
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and that has no specific business plan or purpose, or has indicated
that its business plan is to engage in a merger or acquisition with an unidentified company or companies or other entity or person. 
Under SEC Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, the Company also qualifies as a shell company, because it has no or nominal assets (other
than cash) and no or nominal operations. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the sale of securities of
 blank check companies in their respective jurisdictions. Management does not intend to undertake any efforts to cause a market
to develop in our securities, either debt or equity. 

The
Company intends to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for so long as it is subject to those requirements. 

The
Company current business plan is to serve as a vehicle to investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company
or business seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation. The Company s principal business objective
for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business
rather than immediate, short-term earnings. The Company will not restrict its potential candidate target companies to any specific
business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. The company may merge with or acquire
another company in which the promoters, management, or promoters or managements affiliates or associates, directly
or indirectly, have an ownership interest. 

There
are different situations for private companies which may make a reverse merger more attractive to an operating private company than
filing its own Form 10. It takes significant time and effort just to be able to learn to file the necessary documents through the
Edgar data base, especially if the operating company has not invested in filing software to streamline the process, which is
expensive. We believe that small companies are usually in a hurry to raise capital and some investors require that the private
companies they invest in are or become SEC reporting. The reason being is that some investors desire to have an exit strategy and a
reverse merger with an existing blank check shell company is perceived to be one step closer to liquidity. It should be noted that
if a public shell company consummates a reverse merger with a private operating company, the company will be required to file a Form
8-K within four days of the transaction and that the Form 8-K will need to include audited financial statements of the private
operating company and pro forma financial statements giving effect to the business combination. 

We
anticipate that our controlling shareholder will receive cash for the sale of its shares plus a minority equity stake in the post-merger
company. We anticipate the Company will get a new director, new business plan of an operating company and fresh capital to pay expenses.
A business combination would help us grow and cease to be a shell company. 

The
analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by, or under the supervision of, James Xilas, our sole officer and
director. As of this date, the Company has not entered into any definitive agreement with any party, nor have
there been any specific discussions with any potential business combination candidate regarding business opportunities for the
Company. The Registrant has unrestricted flexibility in seeking, analyzing and participating in potential business opportunities. In
its efforts to analyze potential acquisition targets, the Registrant will consider the following kinds of factors: 

(a) 
 Potential
 for growth, indicated by new technology, anticipated market expansion or new products; 

(b) 
 Competitive
 position as compared to other firms of similar size and experience within the industry segment as well as within the industry
 as a whole; 

(c) 
 Strength
 and diversity of management, either in place or scheduled for recruitment; 

(d) 
 Capital
 requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by the Registrant or from operations, through
 the sale of additional securities, through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources; 

(e) 
 The
 cost of participation by the Registrant as compared to the perceived tangible and intangible values and potentials; 

(f) 
 The
 extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced; 

(g) 
 The
 accessibility of required management expertise, personnel, raw materials, services, professional assistance and other required
 items; and, 

(h) 
 Other
 relevant factors. 

In
applying the foregoing criteria, no one of which will be controlling, management will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances
and make a determination based upon reasonable investigative measures and available data. Potentially available business opportunities
may occur in many different industries, and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation
and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Due to the Registrant's limited capital available for investigation,
the Registrant may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired. 

- 2 - 

Table of Contents 

Additionally,
Blubuzzard, Inc. will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with and acquisitions
of business entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities, including venture capital firms, are active in
mergers and acquisitions of companies which may be a merger or acquisition candidate for Blubuzzard, Inc. Nearly all such
entities have significantly greater financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities than Blubuzzard,
Inc. and, consequently, we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully
completing a business combination. Moreover, Blubuzzard, Inc. will also compete with numerous other small public companies
in seeking merger or acquisition candidates. 

Security holders who received securities from us when
we became a shell company are considered underwriters in connection with any resale of those securities until one year from the
date Form 10 information has publicly filed, as specified in Rule 144(i). Shares of our common stock which are not registered
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, but are currently held by shareholders, cannot be sold under the exemptions from
registration provided by Rule 144 under or Section 4(1) of the Securities Act Rule 144 so long as the Company
is designated a shell company and for 12 months after it ceases to be a shell company, provided the
Company otherwise is in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations. Compliance with the criteria for securing exemptions
under federal securities laws and the securities laws of the various states is extremely complex, especially in respect of those
exemptions affording flexibility and the elimination of trading restrictions in respect of securities received in exempt transactions
and subsequently disposed of without registration under the Securities Act or state securities laws. 

If
the Company engages in a registration statement offering our securities for sale as a blank check company or with a company that
would still be considered a shell company or blank check company, our securities will require registration subject to Rule 419.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted a rule (Rule 419) which defines a blank check company as (i) a development
stage company, that is (ii) offering penny stock, as defined by Rule 3a51-1, and (iii) that has no specific business plan or purpose
or has indicated that its business plan is to engage in a merger or acquisition with an unidentified company or companies. Should
we file a registration statement offering of our securities for sale before we complete a business combination with an operating
company, the Company would be considered a blank check company within the meaning of Rule 419 and any sales of the stock issued
in the offering would require a registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, furthermore, the registered securities
and the proceeds from an offering subject to Rule 419 require the following: 

a) 
 Deposit
 and investment of proceeds 

All
offering proceeds, after deduction of cash paid for underwriting commissions, underwriting expenses and dealer allowances, and
amounts permitted to be released to the registrant shall be deposited promptly into the escrow or trust account; provided, however,
that no deduction may be made for underwriting commissions, underwriting expenses or dealer allowances payable to an affiliate
of the registrant. 

b) 
 Deposit
 of securities 

All
securities issued in connection with the offering, whether or not for cash consideration, and any other securities issued with
respect to such securities, including securities issued with respect to stock splits, stock dividends, or similar rights, shall
be deposited directly into the escrow or trust account promptly upon issuance. The identity of the purchaser of the securities
shall be included on the stock certificates or other documents evidencing such securities. 

c) 
 Release
 of deposited and funds securities 

Post-effective
amendment for acquisition agreement. Upon execution of an agreement(s) for the acquisition(s) of a business(es) or assets that
will constitute the business (or a line of business) of the registrant and for which the fair value of the business(es) or net
assets to be acquired represents at least 80 percent of the maximum offering proceeds, including proceeds received or to be received
upon the exercise or conversion of any securities offered, but excluding amounts payable to non-affiliates for underwriting commissions,
underwriting expenses, and dealer allowances, the registrant shall file a post-effective amendment disclosing the entire transaction. 

Mr.
Xilas, our sole officer and director, who is also our controlling shareholder via Lykato Group, LLC, has no intentions of engaging
in any transactions with respect to the Company's Common Stock except in connection with or following a business combination
resulting in the Company no longer being defined as a blank check issuer. Any transactions in our Common Stock by said shareholder
will require compliance with the registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Furthermore,
if we publicly offer any securities as a condition to the closing of any acquisition or business combination while we are a blank
check or shell company, we will have to fully comply with SEC Rule 419 and deposit all funds in escrow pending advice about the
proposed transaction to our stockholders fully disclosing all information required by Regulation 14 of the SEC and seeking the
vote and agreement of investment of those stockholders to whom such securities were offered; if no response is received from these
stockholders within 45 days thereafter or if any stockholder elects not to invest following our advice about the proposed transaction,
all funds that must be held in escrow by us under Rule 419, as applicable, will be promptly returned to any such stockholder.
All securities issued in any such offering will likewise be deposited in escrow, pending satisfaction of the foregoing conditions.
In addition, if we enter into a transaction with a company that would still be considered a shell company or blank check company,
the exemption from registration available from Rule 144, for the resales of our securities by our shareholders, would not be available
to us. 

In
addition, the ability to register or qualify for sale any shares of stock for both initial sale and secondary trading would be
limited because a number of states have enacted regulations pursuant to their securities or blue-sky laws restricting
or, in some instances, prohibiting, the sale of securities of blank check issuers, such as the Company, within that
state. In addition, many states, while not specifically prohibiting or restricting blank check companies, may not
register the shares for sale in their states. Because of such regulations and other restrictions, the Company's selling efforts, if
any, and any secondary market which may develop, may only be conducted in those jurisdictions where an applicable exemption is
available or a blue sky application has been filed and accepted or where the shares have been registered thus limiting the issuers
ability to complete such an offering. 

 - 3 - 

Table of Contents 

Form
of Acquisition 

The
manner in which the Registrant participates in an opportunity will depend upon the nature of the opportunity, the respective needs
and desires of the Registrant and the promoters of the opportunity, and the relative negotiating strength of the Registrant and
such promoters. 

It
is likely that the Registrant will acquire its participation in a business opportunity through the issuance of common stock or
other securities of the Registrant. Although the terms of any such transaction cannot be predicted, it should be noted that in
certain circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an acquisition is a so-called tax free reorganization
under Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code depends upon whether the owners
of the acquired business own 80 or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction were structured to take
advantage of these provisions rather than other tax free provisions provided under the Code, all prior stockholders
would in such circumstances retain 10 or less of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. 

Our
management anticipates that we will likely be able to affect only one business combination, due primarily to our limited financing
and the dilution of interest for present and prospective stockholders, which is likely to occur as a result of our managements
plan to offer a controlling interest to a target business in order to achieve a tax-free reorganization. 

We
anticipate difficulty in obtaining financing from other sources since we have no income and zero cash reserves. We are presently
reliant on capital contributions towards expenses from our sole officer and director, James Xilas. Our sole officer and
director has not guaranteed that he will continue to support our capital needs. Therefore, we may not have the ability to continue
as a going concern. 

In
addition, depending upon the transaction, the Registrants current stockholders may be substantially diluted, potentially to less
than 10 of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity and possibly even eliminated as stockholders
by an acquisition. 

The
present stockholders of the Registrant will likely not have control of a majority of the voting securities of the Registrant following
a reorganization transaction. As part of such a transaction, all, or a majority of, the Registrant's directors may resign and
one or more new directors may be appointed without any vote by stockholders. 

The
Company anticipates that prior to consummating any acquisition or merger, the Company, if required by relevant state laws and
regulations, will seek to have the transaction approved by stockholders in the appropriate manner. Certain types of transactions
may be entered into solely by Board of Directors approval without stockholder approval. 

Under
Delaware law, certain actions that would routinely be taken at a meeting of stockholders, may be taken by written consent of stockholders
having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the action at a meeting of stockholders.
Thus, if stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares decide by written consent to consummate an acquisition or a
merger, minority stockholders would not be given the opportunity to vote on the issue. If stockholder approval is required, the
Board will have discretion to consummate the transaction by written consent if it is determined to be in the Company s best
interest to do so. Regardless of whether an acquisition or merger is approved by Board action alone, by written consent or by
holding a stockholders' meeting, the Company will provide to its stockholders complete disclosure documentation concerning
the potential target including requisite financial statements. This information will be disseminated by proxy statement in the
event a stockholders' meeting is held, or by an information statement if the action is taken by written consent. 

It
is anticipated that the investigation of specific business opportunities and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant
agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial
cost for accountants, attorneys and others. We estimate such cost to be approximately 15,000. If a decision is made not to participate
in a specific business opportunity, the costs theretofore incurred in the related investigation might not be recoverable. Furthermore,
even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity, the failure to consummate that transaction
may result in the loss to the Company of the related costs incurred. 

We
presently have no employees apart from our management, which consists of one person, our sole officer and director, Mr. James Xilas. Our sole officer and director is engaged in outside business activities and anticipates that he will devote to our business
approximately five (5) hours per week until the acquisition of a successful business opportunity has been identified. We expect no
significant changes in the number of our employees other than such changes, if any, incident to a business combination. 

Furthermore,
the analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by, or under the supervision of, James Xilas, the sole officer and
director of the Company, who is not a professional business analyst and in all likelihood will not be experienced in matters
relating to the target business opportunity. The inexperience of Mr. Xilas and the fact that the analysis and evaluation of a
potential business combination is to be taken under his supervision may adversely impact the Company s ability to identify and
consummate a successful business combination. There is no guarantee that Mr. Xilas will be able to identify a business combination
target that is suitable for the Company. James Xilas, the sole officer and director of the company, may hire third parties to
conduct an analysis for a target company or any other business opportunities. 

(c)
Reports to security holders. 

(1) 
 The
 Company is not required to deliver an annual report to security holders and at this time does not anticipate the distribution
 of such a report. 

(2) 
 The
 Company will file reports with the SEC. The Company will be a reporting company and will comply with the requirements of the
 Exchange Act. 

(3) 
 The
 public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC in the SEC's Public Reference Section, Room 1580, 100
 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Section
 by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information
 statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, which can be found at http://www.sec.gov. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

We
are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. We shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest
of: 

(a)
 the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of 1,070,000,000 (as such amount
 is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers
 published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1,000,000) or more; 

(b)
 the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity
 securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective IPO registration statement; 

(c)
 the date on which such issuer has, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than 1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt;
 or 

(d)
 the date on which such issuer is deemed to be a large accelerated filer, as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 17, Code
 of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. 

As
an emerging growth company, we are exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley. Section 404(a) requires Issuers to publish information
in their annual reports concerning the scope and adequacy of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting.
This statement shall also assess the effectiveness of such internal controls and procedures. Section 404(b) requires that the
registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal
control structure and procedures for financial reporting. 

As
an emerging growth company, we are also exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require
the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes. 

We
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2)
of the Jobs Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates
for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

- 4 - 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

The Company qualifies as a smaller reporting company, as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K and, thus, is not required to
provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently neither rent nor own any properties.
We currently have no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate, real estate mortgages or securities of, or interests
in, persons primarily engaged in real estate activities. We currently utilize the home office space and equipment of our management at
no cost. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may become party to litigation
or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved in legal
proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, or results
of operations. To the best of our knowledge, no adverse legal activity is anticipated or threatened. 

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock was quoted and traded on the over-the-counter
market (the OTC Markets in the Pink Open Market (the Pink Market until September 27, 2021. On September
28, 2021, our common stock ceased to be quoted on the OTC Market and was shifted to the Expert Market. The OTC Markets Group operates
the Expert Market as a separate market tier. Our common stock regained quotation in the Pink Open Market (the
 Pink Market on or about November 23, 2021. 

Set
forth below are the range of high and low bid closing bid prices for the periods indicated as reported by the OTC Markets Group Inc.
for our last two fiscal years and at December 31, 2022. The market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down,
or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter
 Ended 
 High
 Bid 
 Low
 Bid 
 
 December
 31, 2022 
 0.0066 
 0.0003 
 
 September
 30, 2022 
 0.0123 
 0.0042 
 
 June
 30, 2022 
 0.015 
 0.0004 
 
 March
 31, 2022 
 0.0249 
 0.0057 
 
 December
 31, 2021 
 0.025 
 0.0001 
 
 September
 30, 2021 
 0.0499 
 0.001 
 
 June
 30, 2021 
 0.0296 
 0.005 
 
 March
 31, 2021 
 0.0498 
 0.001 

Holders 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we have 729,483,160 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding and 5,000
shares of Series A preferred stock, 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

We
 have approximately 32 stockholders of record. 

Voting 

Each
share of common stock has voting rights of one vote per share. 

Each
share of Convertible Series A preferred stock has no voting rights and may be converted into one share of common stock. 

Dividends and Share Repurchases 

We have not paid any dividends to our stockholders.
There are no restrictions, which would limit our ability to pay dividends on common equity or that are likely to do so in the
future. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

We do not have any equity compensation plans,
either approved or not approved, by our security holders. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Uses of Proceeds from
Registered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

- 5 - 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

As a smaller reporting company ,
we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

We
are currently investigating and, if such investigation warrants, looking to acquire or merge with a target company or business seeking
the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation. We are an emerging growth company (EGC) that is exempt from certain financial
disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act), that
eases restrictions on the sale of securities; and increases the number of shareholders a company must have before becoming subject to
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commissions (SEC s) reporting and disclosure rules (See Emerging Growth Companies section above).
Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination
with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any
specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. 

The
risks we may face if the target business we may intend to merge with is financially unstable include but are not limited to difficulty
in achieving future financing, continuing operations, bankruptcy, litigation, and increasing business operations on a limited or no budget. 

We
the registrant will not pay a cash finder s fee for the consummation of any business acquisition the Company makes pursuant to
its current business plan. Additionally, at this time we do not plan to issue securities as a finder s fee. 

We
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the
Jobs Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and
private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be
comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We
do not currently engage in any business activities that provide cash flow. The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations
for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be paid with money in our treasury or with additional amounts, as necessary, to be loaned
to or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. 

At
this time, we are entirely reliant upon cash contributions made by our sole officer and director to pay for any and all expenses. 

During
the next 12 months we anticipate incurring costs related to: 

(i)
filing of Exchange Act reports (legal, accounting and auditing fees) in the amount of approximately 5,000; and 

 (ii)
costs relating to consummating an acquisition in the amount of approximately 10,000 to pay for legal fees and audit fees. 

We
believe we will be able to meet the costs of filing Exchange Act reports during the next 12 months through use of funds to be loaned to
or invested in us by Mr. James Xilas, our sole officer and director, or other shareholders. However, there is no guarantee that such additional
funds will be made available to us or on terms that are favorable to us. If we enter into a business combination with a target entity,
we will require the target company to pay the acquisition related fees and expenses as a condition precedent to such an agreement. To
date, we have had no discussions with our sole officer and director, Mr. James Xilas, or other investors, regarding funding and no funding
commitment for future expenses has been obtained. If in the future we need funds to pay expenses, we will consider these and other yet
to be identified options for raising funds and/or paying expenses. Obviously, if Mr. Xilas, or other investors, do not loan to or invest
sufficient funds in us, then we will not be able to meet our SEC reporting obligations and will not be able to attract a private company
with which to combine. 

We
have negative working capital, a stockholder deficit, and have no source of revenues. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Going forward, we will be devoting our efforts to locating merger candidates. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to develop additional sources of capital, locate
and complete a merger with another company, and ultimately, achieve profitable operations. 

The
Company may consider a business which has recently commenced operations, is in need of additional funds for expansion into new products
or markets, is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established business which may be experiencing financial or operating
difficulties and is in need of additional capital. Our management believes that the public company status that results from a combination
with the Company will provide such company greater access to the capital markets, increase its visibility in the investment community,
and offer the opportunity to utilize its stock to make acquisitions. However, there is no assurance that the Company will have greater
access to capital due to its public company status, and therefore a business combination with an operating company in need of additional
capital may expose the Company to additional risks and challenges. In the alternative, a business combination may involve the acquisition
of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market
for its shares, while avoiding, among other things, the time delays, significant expense, and loss of voting control which may occur
in a public offering. 

- 6 - 

Table of Contents 

We
have, and will continue to have, no capital with which to provide the owners of business entities with any cash or other assets. However,
we offer owners of target businesses the opportunity to acquire a controlling ownership interest in a reporting company without the time
required to become a reporting company by other means. Nevertheless, upon affecting an acquisition or merger with us, there will be costs
and time required by the target business to provide comprehensive business and financial disclosure, such as the terms of the transaction
and a description of the business and management of the target business, among other things, and will include audited consolidated financial
statements of the Company giving effect to the business combination, as part of a filing on Form 8-K. 

Our
sole officer and director has not had any preliminary contact or discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a business
combination with us. Any target business that is selected may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development
or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings. In that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent
in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition, we may affect
a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all
significant risks. 

Our
management anticipates that we will likely be able to affect only one business combination, due primarily to our limited financing and
the dilution of interest for present and prospective stockholders, which is likely to occur as a result of our managements plan to offer
a controlling interest to a target business in order to achieve a tax-free reorganization. This lack of diversification should be considered
a substantial risk in investing in us, because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another. 

Current
economic and financial conditions are volatile and affect the selection of a business combination and increase the complex ability of
the Company s goals. Business and consumer concerns over the economy, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit,
the U.S. financial markets and the national debt have contributed to this volatility. These factors, combined with declining and failing
businesses, reduced consumer confidence and increased unemployment, have caused a global slowdown. We cannot accurately predict how long
these current economic conditions will persist; whether the economy will deteriorate further and how we will be affected. 

Because
of general economic conditions, rapid technological advances being made in some industries, and shortages of available capital, our management
believes that there are the perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits of becoming a publicly
traded corporation include, among other things, facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained,
providing liquidity for the principals of and investors in a business, creating a means for providing incentive stock options or similar
benefits to key employees, and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint ventures and the like through the issuance
of stock. Potentially available business combinations may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development, all
of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. 

We
intend to search for a target business combination by contacting various sources including, but not limited to, our affiliates, lenders,
investment banking firms, private equity funds, financial advisors and similar persons, accounting firms and attorneys notwithstanding
us contacting any business directly. The approximate number of persons or entities that will be contacted is unknown and dependent on
whether any opportunities are presented by the sources that we contact. However, there is no assurance that we will locate a target company
for a business combination. 

Liquidity 

We
have no known demands or commitments and are not aware of any events or uncertainties as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 that will result in or that are reasonably likely to materially increase or decrease our current liquidity. 

Capital
Resources. 

We
had no material commitments for capital expenditures as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements. 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors. 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We qualify as a smaller reporting company, as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K and, thus, are not required to provide
the information required by this Item. 

- 7 - 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data. 

Blubuzzard,
Inc. 

 FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Pages 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB FIRM ID 
 
 F2 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F3 

Statements
 of Operations 
 
 F4 

Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F5 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F6 

Notes to Financial Statements

F7-F8 

- F1 - 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

 To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Blubuzzard, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Blubuzzard, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and
cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company
has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 /S/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

(PCAOB ID 5041) 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019 

April 3, 2023 

- F2 - 

Table of Contents 

Blubuzzard, Inc. 

 Balance Sheet 

As of 
 December 31, 2022 

As of 
 December 31,
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 - 

- 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 

Loan from related party 

Total current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS'
 DEFICIT: 

Preferred stock par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) 

Additional paid in capital 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Total Stockholders' deficit 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 
 - 

- 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

- F3 - 

Table of Contents 

Blubuzzard Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total
 operating expenses 

Net
 loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Basic
 and Diluted net loss per common share 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

-
F4 - 

Table
of Contents 

Blubuzzard,
Inc. 

 Statement
of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit 

 For
the period from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2022 

Preferred
 Shares 
 (Series
 A) 
 
 Par
 Value Preferred Shares 
 (Series
 A) 
 
 Common
 Shares 
 
 Par
 Value Common Shares 

Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 
 Total 

Balances,
 December 31, 2020 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Balances,
 December 31, 2021 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Balances,
 December 31, 2022 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

-
F5 - 

Table
of Contents 

Blubuzzard,
Inc. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 

Year
 Ended 
 December
 31, 
 2021 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 loss 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by in operating activities: 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities 

Accrued
 expenses 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 CASH
 FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Loan
 from related party 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 Change in Cash and Cash equivalents 
 
 - 

) 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of year: 
 
 - 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of year: 
 
 - 

- 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest
 paid 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Interest
 taxes paid 
 
 - 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

- F6 - 

Table of Contents 

Blubuzzard, Inc. 

 Notes to the Audited Financial Statements 

which resulted in a net operating loss for income tax purposes. The loss results in
a deferred tax asset of approximately 27,970 at the effective statutory rate of 21 . The deferred tax asset has been offset by an equal
valuation allowance. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets are as follows: 

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of
2017 was signed into law. This legislation reduced the federal corporate tax rate from the previous 35 to 21 . 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax
Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carryforwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should
a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carryforwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021 which consisted primarily of professional fees. 

 . This loan is noninterest-bearing, unsecured and payable on demand. 

During the year ended December 31,
2021, our sole director paid expenses totaling .
This loan is noninterest-bearing, unsecured and payable on demand. 

Office Space 

We utilize the home office space
and equipment of our management at no cost. 

- F8 - 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15e and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, which at this time consists solely of our officer and director, James
Xilas. 

As of December 31, 2022, the end of the year
covered by this Report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of Mr. Xilas, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and the operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Mr. Xilas concluded
that the disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the year covered by this Report due to material
weaknesses identified below. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal
control over financial reporting is a process, including policies and procedures, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our management assessed our internal control over financial reporting using
the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission COSO ). A system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 

Based on our evaluation under the framework
in COSO, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022 based
on such criteria. Deficiencies existed in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely
affect our internal controls and that may be considered material weaknesses. A material weakness is a significant deficiency, or
combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that results in more than a remote likelihood that a
material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. As a result of the determination
that there was a lack of resources to provide segregation of duties consistent with control objectives, the lack of a formal audit
committee, and the lack of a formal review process that includes multiple levels of review over financial disclosure and reporting
processes, management has determined that material weaknesses existed as of December 31, 2022. 

The weaknesses and the related risks are not
uncommon in a company of our size because of the limitations in the size and number of our staff. To address these material weaknesses,
and subject to the receipt of additional financing or cash flows, we intend to undertake remediation measures to address the material
weaknesses described in this Report, including implementing procedures pursuant to which we can ensure segregation of duties and
hire additional resources to ensure appropriate review and oversight. 

A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met under all
potential conditions, regardless of how remote, and may not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within
the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Auditor s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

This Report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that
permit us to provide only management s report in this Report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that have
occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

- 8 - 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Each of our directors holds office until the
next annual meeting of our stockholders or until his successor has been elected and qualified, or until his death, resignation,
or removal. Our executive officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation, or removal
from office. 

Our current executive officers and directors
and additional information concerning them are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 

James Xilas 
 
 61 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, and a Director 

Business Experience 

The following is a brief account of the education
and business experience of our executive officers and directors during at least the past five years, indicating their principal
occupation during the period, the name and principal business of the organization by which they were employed, and certain of their
other directorships: 

James Xilas, Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, and a Director 

Mr.
Xilas graduated from West Virginia University in 1989 with a Bachelor of Arts with a concentration in mathematics and sciences. Mr. Xilas
was also a member of the Golden Key National Honor Society and a Sphinx Senior Honorary. Beginning in 2002, Mr. Xilas has been an investor
in the securities markets, including various micro and small cap companies. From May 2004 to December 2006, Mr. Xilas owned and operated
a small boutique broker-dealer in Florida and Pennsylvania, Salix Capital Securities Corp., where he held the Series 4, 7, 24, 27, and
63 securities licenses. Beginning in 2014, Mr. Xilas began trading currencies and cryptocurrencies for his own account while continuously
being an investor in the securities markets and real estate market. . In September 2018, Mr. Xilas began an affiliation with Epic Corporation,
a Colorado corporation, as an officer and director. Epic Corporation was attempting to develop a methodology that created a usable digital
currency enabling consumers to purchase basic products and services. During Mr. Xilas tenure, the office was moved to Florida where
Mr. Xilas was responsible for determining and implementing strategies. In February of 2019, Mr. Xilas resigned his positions from Epic
Corporation. On December 11, 2019 Mr. Xilas was appointed sole officer and director of Sigmata Electronics, Inc., an electronics start-up
seeking opportunities for its patent on a self-muting audio connector. Mr. Xilas still holds his position(s) with Sigmata Electronics,
Inc. Mr. Xilas is also the authorized and sole member as well as the Registered Agent of Blu Nugget LLC. 

- 9 - 

Table of Contents 

Committees of the Board 

We currently do not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees,
or committees performing similar functions, nor do we have a written nominating, compensation, or audit committee charter. Our
board of director(s) believes that it is not necessary to have such committees given our current size and the limited scope of our
business. Currently, our board of director(s) is performing the functions of such committees. 

In lieu of an Audit Committee, our board of
director(s) is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the
scope, results, and effectiveness of the annual audit of our financial statements and other services provided by our independent
registered public accounting firm. Our board of director(s), our Chief Executive Officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, all of
whom are James Xilas, review our internal accounting controls, practices, and policies. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

Our board of director(s) has determined that we do not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K . We believe that given our current size and the limited scope
of our business, retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly
costly and burdensome. We will consider establishing an Audit Committee, and identifying an individual to serve as an independent
director and as the audit committee financial expert when so required. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None of our executive officers and
directors, of which we have one, have been involved in or a party to any of the following events or actions during the past
ten years: 

1. 
 Any petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws filed by or against, or an appointment of a receiver, fiscal agent, or similar officer by a court for the business or property of such person, a partnership in which such person was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which such person was an executive officer either at or within two years prior to the time of such filing; 
 
 2. 
 Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
 
 3. 
 Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, such person from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: (i) acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director, or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association, or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; (ii) engaging in any type of business practice; or (iii) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities laws or federal commodities laws; 
 
 4. 
 Being the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any federal or state authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (3)(i) above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 
 
 5. 
 Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action) or the SEC to have violated a Federal or State securities law, and the judgment has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
 
 6. 
 Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
 
 7. 
 Being the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of :(i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 
 
 8. 
 Being the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a formal Code of
Ethics. We only have one employee, our sole officer and director, James Xilas. In the event we
commence operations, or the number of employees, number of officers, and/or number of directors increases in the future, we
may take actions to adopt a formal Code of Ethics. 

Nomination of Directors 

As of April 3, 2023, we had not effected
any material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. We do not have
any defined policy or procedural requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. Our board
of directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance
until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. We do not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the
election of nominees to our board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees.
Our board of directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or stockholders, and make recommendations for
election or appointment. 

A stockholder who wishes to communicate with
our board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to the Company with the address appearing on the first
page of this Report. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
the Company s executive officers, directors, and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class
of the Company s equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of the Company s common stock. Such officers, directors, and persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish the
Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file with the SEC. 

Based solely on a review of the copies of
such forms that were received by the Company, the Company is not aware of any failures to file reports or report transactions
in a timely manner during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our
directors or executive officers. We have only one officer and director at this time. 

Arrangements 

There are no arrangements or understandings
between an executive officer or director and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as an executive officer or director. 

- 10 - 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The table below summarizes all compensation
 awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers, which is defined as follows: (i) all individuals serving as our
 principal executive officer during the year ended December 31, 2022 and or December 31, 2021; (ii) each of our two most highly
 compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the year ended December 31, 2022 and or December
 31, 2021; and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual
 was not serving as an executive officer as of the end of the year ended December 31, 2022 and or December 31, 2021. 

Name and 
 principal position 
 Fiscal
 Year Ended December 31, 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings
 ) 
 All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 James
 Xilas, President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer, and Director 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year-End 

We had no outstanding equity awards
at the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination
or Change-of-Control 

None of our named executive officers are entitled
to any payments upon termination or change-of-control. 

Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which
we provide retirement or similar benefits for our directors or executive officers. 

Employment Agreements 

We have no employment agreements with any of our named executive
officers. 

Compensation of Directors 

We did not pay any of our directors any compensation
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, whether in their capacity as a named executive officer or as a director. 

- 11 - 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth, as of April 3, 2023, the number of shares of common stock owned of record and beneficially by (i) each of our current directors, (ii) each
of our named executive officers, (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group, and (iv) each stockholder known by us to
be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock. Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance
with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to shares. Unless otherwise indicated,
the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to the number of shares indicated as beneficial
owned by them. 

Name and Address 

Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership (Common Stock) (1) 

Percentage 
 of Class (1) 

James Xilas (2) 
 1830 Oak Creek Drive, Dunedin, Florida, 34698 

600,000,000 (3) 
 
 82.25 

Executive Officers and Directors 
 
 600,000,000 
 
 82.25 

Lykato Group, LLC (4) 
 1830 Oak Creek Drive, Dunedin, Florida, 34698 
 
 600,000,000 
 
 82.25 

_________________________________________ 

(1) Applicable percentage of ownership is based
on 729,483,160 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 3, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules
of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently exercisable
within 60 days of April 3, 2023 are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing
the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any person. 

 (2) James Xilas serves as
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer and a director of the Company. 

 (3) Consists of 600,000,000 shares of our
common stock held by Lykato Group, LLC, an entity over which Mr. Xilas has complete dispositive and voting authority. 

(4) James Xilas is the sole member
of Lykato Group, LLC. 

We have 5,000 shares of Series A preferred stock, 0.001 par
value, issued and outstanding as of April 3, 2023. Of these 5,000 shares of Series A preferred stock 2,550 are owned and controlled by Lykato Group, LLC. Each share of Convertible Series A preferred stock
has no voting rights and may be converted into one share of common stock. 

Changes in Control 

We do not know of any arrangements that may,
at a subsequent date, result in a change in control. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions. 

Related Party Transactions 

Other than the transactions described below, since
December 6, 2018, the date of our incorporation, there has not been, nor is there currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar
transactions to which we were or will be a party: 

In
 which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end; and 

In
 which any director, executive officer, stockholders who beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock or any member of
 their immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Office Space and Equipment 

We utilize the home office space and equipment of our management
at no cost. 

Loans 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, our sole director paid expenses totaling 34,674. This loan is noninterest-bearing, unsecured and payable on demand. 

During the year ended December 31,
2021, our sole director paid expenses totaling 45,955. This loan is noninterest-bearing, unsecured and payable on demand. 

Additional information 

Blubuzzard, Inc., FKA Fast Lane Holdings, Inc., was created for the sole
purpose of participating in a Delaware holding company reorganization pursuant to Section 251(g) of the General Corporation Law of the
state of Delaware, (the DGCL with Giant Motorsports Delaware Inc. GMOS Delaware ), a Delaware corporation
incorporated on December 6, 2018 and parent company of Fast Lane Holdings, Inc.; and Giant Motorsports Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
incorporated on December 6, 2018 and a wholly owned subsidiary of Fast Lane Holdings, Inc. 

As of December 6, 2018, Paul Moody was Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, and Director of Fast Lane Holdings, Inc., Giant Motorsports Delaware, Inc., Giant Motorsports Merger Sub, Inc., and Giant Motorsports
Inc., a Nevada Company. 

As of December 6, 2018, Jeffrey DeNunzio, through his controlling interests
of Giant Consulting Services, LLC, a Wyoming Company, was the controlling shareholder of Giant Motorsports, Inc., a Nevada Company GMOS
Nevada ). 

On December 28, 2018, Giant Motorsports, Inc. GMOS Nevada ),
a Nevada corporation merged with and into GMOS Delaware, a wholly owned subsidiary of GMOS Nevada with GMOS Delaware as the surviving
corporation. The sole purpose to merge GMOS Nevada with and into GMOS Delaware was to re-domesticate GMOS Nevada from Nevada to Delaware.
Prior to the aforementioned merger, GMOS Nevada held 100 of the voting control of GMOS Delaware. Commensurate with the merger the shares
of common stock of GMOS Delaware held by GMOS Nevada were cancelled. 

 Prior to the following transaction below on December 28, 2018,
there were 1,000 shares of common stock, representing 100 voting control of Fast Lane Holdings, Inc., held by Giant Motorsports Delaware,
Inc. 

 Prior to the following transaction below on December 28, 2018,
there were 1,000 shares of common stock, representing 100 voting control of Giant Motorsports Merger Sub Inc., held by Fast Lane Holdings,
Inc. 

 Prior to the following transaction below on December 28, 2018, Jeffrey
DeNunzio through his controlling interests of Giant Consulting Services, LLC, a Wyoming Company, was the controlling shareholder of Giant
Motorsports, Inc., a Nevada Company GMOS Nevada ). 

On December 28, 2018, Giant Motorsports Delaware, Inc. completed
the holding company reorganization by merging with and into its indirect wholly owned subsidiary known as Giant Motorsports Merger Sub,
Inc. with Giant Motorsports Delaware, Inc. as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Fast Lane Holdings,
Inc. Fast Lane Holdings, Inc. as successor issuer to Giant Motorsports, Inc. continued to trade in the OTC MarketPlace under the previous
ticker symbol GMOS until the new ticker symbol FLHI for the Company was released into the OTC MarketPlace
on January 10, 2019. The Company was given a new CUSIP Number by CUSIP Global Services for its common stock of 31189D109. 

 Immediately prior to the Effective Time of the holding company reorganization,
every share of Fast Lane Holdings, Inc. issued and outstanding held in the name of Giant Motorsports Delaware, Inc. was cancelled, retired
and resumed the status of authorized and unissued shares of Fast Lane Holdings, Inc. common stock. Concurrently with the aforementioned
reorganization, the Company cancelled all of its stock held in GMOS Delaware resulting in GMOS Delaware becoming a stand-alone company. 

 No consideration or cash was exchanged per any of the above transactions. 

Mr. Xilas has no present or former affiliation with Mr. Jeffrey
DeNunzio or Mr. Paul Moody. 

- 12 - 

Table of Contents 

On October 21, 2019, Giant Consulting Services, LLC,
the largest controlling shareholder of Fast Lane Holdings, Inc., consummated a sale of 60,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock
and 2,550 shares of preferred stock to Lykato Group, LLC, an accredited investor. Following the closing of the share purchase transaction,
Lykato Group, LLC gained ownership of approximately 82.25 interest in the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Lykato Group,
LLC, which is owned and controlled by James Xilas, is currently our largest controlling shareholder. 

On October 21, 2019, Mr. Paul Moody resigned as our
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director. The resignation was not the result of
any disagreement with us on any matter relating to our operations, policies or practices. 

On October 21, 2019, Mr. James Xilas was appointed
as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director. 

On December 11, 2019, James Xilas being the sole board
director and majority shareholder by and through his beneficial interest in Lykato Group, LLC, a Florida limited liability company did
hereby take, ratify, affirm, and approve a 10:1 forward stock split affecting both authorized and outstanding common shares, change of
our corporate name from Fast Lane Holdings, Inc. to Blubuzzard, Inc. and a ticker symbol change from FLHI 
to BZRD . The foregoing changes were effective on December 27, 2019 upon the filing of a Certificate of Amendment with the
Delaware Secretary of State. 

The Company s bylaws were
amended to reflect the name change with no other changes made. The Company s CUSIP number changed from 31189D109 to 095228102 as
a result of the aforementioned actions. The market effective date for the symbol change is and was February 7, 2020. Pre-Split total
common shares outstanding is and was 72,948,316. Post-Split total common shares outstanding is and remains 729,483,160. 

Director Independence 

We are not listed on any exchange that requires directors to be
independent. We have not: 

Established
 our own definition for determining whether our directors or nominees for directors are independent, nor have
 we adopted any other standard of independence employed by any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system,
 though our current directors would not be deemed to be independent under any applicable definition given that
 they are officers of the Company; nor 

Established
 any committees of our board of directors. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting
Fees and Services. 

Below is the approximate
 aggregate amount of fees billed for professional services rendered by o ur
principal accountants with respect to the year ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

2022 
 
 2021 

(A)
 Audit and review fees (A) 
 BF Borgers
 CPA PC 
 
 11,100 
 
 10,980 

(B)
 Audit-related fees 

3,600 
 
 3,300 

Tax
 fees 

- 
 
 - 

All
 other fees 

- 
 
 - 

Total 

14,700 
 
 14,280 

(A)
Inclusive of review and audit fees billed by the Company s PCAOB Auditor. 

 (B) Inclusive of accounting fees billed
by a third party consultant who assists with general accounting services. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Currently, we do not have a separately designed
Audit Committee. Instead, our entire board of directors performs those functions. Accordingly, our board of directors was response
for pre-approving all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. The above fees were reviewed and
approved by our board of directors before the services were rendered. 

- 13 - 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial
Statement Schedules. 

(a) Financial Statements 

1. Our financial statements are listed
in the index under Item 8 of this document; and 

2. All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or
notes thereto. 

(b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation
S-K. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation, which was filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G/A filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2019, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto (1) 

3.12 
 
 Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation, which was filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the Securities And Exchange Commission on January 9, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto (1) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (1) 

31 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance
 Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation
 Linkbase Document 

(1) Incorporated by reference. 

 ) Filed herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Blubuzzard, Inc. 

By: /s/ James Xilas 

 James Xilas 

 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, 

 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer) 

 Dated: April 3, 2023 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/ James Xilas 

 James Xilas 

 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, 

 President, Treasurer, and Director 

 Dated: April 3, 2023 

- 14 - 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm
 EX-31

Exhibit
31 

 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
James Xilas, certify that: 

 1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blubuzzard, Inc.; 

 2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

 3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

 4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

 a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

 d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Quarterly report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

 5. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

 a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

 b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 James Xilas 

James Xilas 

Chief Executive Officer, and 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit
32 

 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant
to U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer of Blubuzzard, Inc. (the Company does hereby certify, to the best of such officer's
knowledge, that: 

1. The
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 April 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 James Xilas 

James Xilas 

Chief Executive Officer, and 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

The
certifications set forth above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise
adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section
906, has been provided to Blubuzzard, Inc. and will be retained by Blubuzzard, Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 bzrd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 bzrd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 bzrd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 bzrd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

