<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1838831_0001140361-23-018685.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6591214</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>662377</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1087963</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1685827</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1599795</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1223644</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-018685.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417170106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-018685
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Disruptive Acquisition Corp I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001838831
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40279
		FILM NUMBER:		23824611

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11501 ROCK ROSE AVENUE SUITE 200
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78758
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 548-2028

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11501 ROCK ROSE AVENUE SUITE 200
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78758

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-018685.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 brhc10049995_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to .

Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

N/A 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

Zip Code

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: +1 - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
 for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this
 chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the
 definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
 standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
 Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
 in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
 received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The registrant s units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, 0.0001 par value, and one-third of one redeemable warrant, began trading on The Nasdaq Capital
 Market on March 24, 2021. Commencing May 14, 2021, holders of the units were permitted to elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and warrants included in the units. On June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most
 recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was (based on the closing sales price of the ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 of 9.79).

As of April 17, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per
 share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None

DISRUPTIVE ACQUISITION CORPORATION I

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

iv

PART I 

1

Item 1. Business 

1

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

14

Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 

52

Item 2 Property 

52

Item 3 Legal Proceedings 

52

Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 

52

PART II 

53

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

53

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

54

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

54

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

59

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

59

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

59

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

59

Item 9B. Other Information 

60

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

61 

PART III 

62

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

62

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

71

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

71

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

74

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

76

PART IV 

77

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

77

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

79

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-1

Table of
 Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), references to:

we, us, our, company, or our company are to Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I, a Cayman Islands exempted company; amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our Second Amended
 and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association;

Class A ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share;

Class B ordinary shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share;

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time;

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company;

directors are to our current directors;

Disruptive are to Disruptive Technology Advisers LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;

founders shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the
 automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial public offering are to the initial public offering of our units, which we consummated on March 26, 2021;

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and other holders of our founders shares prior to our initial public offering;

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act of 2012;

letter agreement refers to the letter agreement entered into between us and our initial shareholders, directors and officers on March 26, 2021;

management or our management team are to our officers and directors;

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares;

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering;

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market);

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor, officers or directors purchase public shares, provided their status as a public
 shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares;

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933;

sponsor or Sponsor are to Disruptive Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;

ii 

Table of
 Contents 

trust account are to a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee;

warrant agreement are to the warrant agreement dated March 26, 2021, between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent;

warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and the private
 placement warrants; and

, US and U.S. dollar each refer to the United States dollar.

iii 

Table of
 Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY

Some of the statements contained in this Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
 statements regarding us or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
 circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following
 risks, uncertainties and other factors:

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete our initial business combination;

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses;

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or similar public health emergencies, the Russian invasion against Ukraine and resulting sanctions, supply chain
 disruptions and rising inflation rates;

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the lack of a market for our securities;

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties;

our financial performance following our initial public offering;

our ability to continue as going concern or

the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future
 developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control), or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
 to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described herein in Item 1A. Risk Factors . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Some of
 these risks and uncertainties may in the future be amplified by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Russian invasion against Ukraine and resulting sanctions, supply chain disruptions and rising inflation rates, and there may be additional risks
 that we consider immaterial or which are unknown. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or
 otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

iv 

Table of
 Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

Introduction

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
 combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination.

Disruptive and the Athlete Advisory Council

Disruptive

Our sponsor is an affiliate of Disruptive, a leading merchant bank that invests in top-performing, late-stage private technology companies. Since 2012, Disruptive has helped both institutional and non-institutional
 investors navigate investing in late-stage private technology assets, including by acting as a singular source of capital and liquidity for its portfolio companies, deploying capital on a deal-by-deal basis via special purpose vehicles, providing
 investment banking services, offering advice on business development and creating liquidity solutions. The Disruptive team members are investors first and focus on IPO-ready companies. Disruptive is agile and nimble, with an ability to screen
 numerous transactions, break down complex situations and complete large transactions quickly. Disruptive has a vast network and its worldwide base of prominent investors allows it to bring a global perspective to every aspect of its work while
 providing significant access to incremental capital.

Disruptive looks very similar to the types of business in which it invests focused on high growth and disruptive change to old-line industries. The Disruptive team completes rigorous quality diligence for an intimate
 understanding of the business and a direct relationship with management. Disruptive has a global reach, with entrenched operations in North America, South America, Asia and the Middle
 East, and has the ambitions to grow partnerships and deploy capital throughout Europe, Australia and other parts of the world.

Disruptive has significant experience investing in late-stage technology companies and has deployed more than 3.7 billion dollars in capital through December 31, 2022 into businesses that it believes will transform into some of the world s most valuable companies. The Disruptive team has deployed this capital prudently, without generating excessive publicity, which target
 companies and investors have appreciated. Disruptive has a proven track record of identifying and investing in private companies poised to become successful public companies. Notable investments include:

Spotify : Disruptive invested in a series of secondary share transactions in early 2018 in advance of its direct listing in April 2018.

Pinterest : Disruptive invested in Pinterest during 2018. Pinterest completed its IPO in April 2019.

Palantir : Disruptive first invested in Palantir in 2013 and continued to reinvest via primary and secondary share transactions into 2020. Palantir went public via a direct listing in September 2020.

Hims : Disruptive led Hims Series C fundraising round in 2019 and reinvested in the Series D fundraising round as well as in secondary share transactions. In October 2020, Hims agreed to merge with Oaktree Acquisition Corp., a
 SPAC. The merger closed in January 2021.

UiPath : Disruptive first invested in UiPath in October 2020. UiPath completed its IPO in April 2021.

1 

Table of
 Contents 

Athlete Advisory Council

To further enhance our access and reach in identifying a potential business combination, we have created our Athlete Advisory Council (the
 Council ). The Council includes elite athletes across a range of professional sports and geographies. Disruptive already has established organic relationships with many athletes, which we believe will help us and the Council drive long-term
 shareholder value in a collaborative, productive way. We expect the Council members to play an active role in helping to source potential opportunities through their vast networks and we will aim to leverage the Council members relationships
 with unique and culturally relevant brands and platforms to help identify attractive targets. We believe the Council will provide a competitive advantage as we seek out a world-class brand in the health and wellness, entertainment and
 consumer-facing technology sectors, as potential acquisition targets may find us to be a more attractive partner in light of the athletes brand, reputation, reach and ability to contribute to the success of the target. We believe the athletes
 can provide significant consumer engagement and outreach via their fan base and social media platforms and can act as true brand ambassadors. Members of the Council have a vested interest in continual involvement with us to help drive long-term
 growth and capital. The Council includes up to five elite athletes who will continue to meet regularly until our initial business combination is completed. The current Council members are Justin B. Verlander, Canelo S. Alvarez Barragan, Patrick
 L. Mahomes II, Naomi Osaka and Robert Lewandowski.

Company History

On December 30, 2020, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. Our Class B ordinary shares will automatically
 convert into Class A ordinary shares, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, upon the completion of a business combination. The number of founder
 shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon completion of our initial public offering.

On March 8, 2021, our sponsor transferred 35,000 founder shares to Karen L. Finerman, our independent director, 30,000 founder shares to each of James R. Blake and Galen C. Smith, our independent directors, and
 20,000 founder shares to each of Alexander J. Davis and David M. Tarnowski, our directors, in each case at their original purchase price.

On March 26, 2021, we completed our initial public offering of 25,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value
 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments.

Substantially concurrently with the completion of the initial public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 7,000,000 in the
 aggregate. A total of 250,000,000, comprising 245,000,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering, including 8,750,000 of the underwriters deferred discount, and 5,000,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement
 warrants, was placed in the trust account.

On May 3, 2021, the underwriters notified us of their intent to partially exercise their overallotment option on May 5, 2021. As such, on May 5, 2021, we sold an additional 2,500,000 units, at a price of 10.00 per
 unit, and sold an additional 333,333 private placement warrants to our sponsor, at 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating total proceeds of 25,000,000. A total of 25,000,000 of the net proceeds was deposited into the trust account,
 bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the trust account to 275,000,000. On May 10, 2021, in connection with the expiration of the underwriters overallotment option, our sponsor surrendered 312,500 founder shares. As a result, our sponsor now
 owns 6,875,000 founder shares.

On May 11, 2021, we announced that, commencing May 14, 2021, holders of the units sold in the initial public offering may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and the warrants included in the units.
 Those units not separated continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbol DISAU, and the Class A ordinary shares and warrants that were separated trade under the symbols DISA and DISAW, respectively.

2 

Table of
 Contents 

On February 14, 2023, we held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Extraordinary Meeting ). At the Extraordinary Meeting, our shareholders approved, among other things, an amendment to our amended
 and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate an initial business combination (the Extension Vote from March 26, 2023 to March 26, 2024 (the Extended Date or such earlier date as shall
 be determined by our board of directors and publicly announced by us (the Amended Termination Date ).

In connection with the shareholders vote at the Extraordinary Meeting, the holders of 25,790,900 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of
 approximately 10.20 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 263,071,273.79 (the February 2023 Redemptions ).

Corporate Information

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the
 Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from
 the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income,
 gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend
 or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
 that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
 parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with
 new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits
 of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total
 annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the
 prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other
 things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not
 exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 700 million as of the prior
 June 30.

Our executive offices are located at 11501 Rock Rose Avenue, Suite 200, Austin, Texas 78758, and our telephone number is (424) 205-6858. Our corporate website address is www.disruptiveacquisitioncorp.com. The
 information included on or accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual
 references only.

3 

Table of
 Contents 

Initial Business Combination

The rules of Nasdaq require and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we must consummate an initial business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a
 fair market value equal to at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting discount and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in
 connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination upon standards generally accepted by the financial community. If our board of
 directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a
 member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it likely that our board of directors will be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial
 business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target s assets or prospects, including if
 such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board of directors determines that outside expertise would be
 helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. As any such opinion, if obtained, would only state that the fair market value meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of
 the target or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required by Schedule 14A of the Exchange Act, any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer
 documents that we will file with the SEC in connection with our initial business combination will include such opinion.

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target
 business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of
 the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
 acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns
 or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in
 the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would
 acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and
 outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or
 businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80 of net assets test described above. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on
 the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination

General

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering until the closing of our initial business combination. We intend to
 effectuate our initial business combination using the cash held in the trust account, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we
 may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business
 that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.

4 

Table of
 Contents 

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial
 business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of
 operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.

We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business
 combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the funds currently deposited
 in the trust account, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional
 financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In
 the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if
 required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection
 with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our
 initial business combination.

Sources of Target Businesses

We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our
 attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these
 sources will have read the prospectus for our initial public offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which
 they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow
 opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. We may also engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that
 specialize in business acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s-length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent
 our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our
 best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our
 existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our
 initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). In addition, commencing March 24, 2021, we have been obligated to pay our sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 15,000 per month for office space, utilities,
 secretarial and administrative support services provided to us and other expenses and obligations of our sponsor. Any such payments prior to our initial business combination will be made from funds
 held outside the trust account. Other than the foregoing, there will be no finder s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any
 affiliate of our sponsor or officers prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or from completing the business combination through a
 joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that such an
 initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

5 

Table of
 Contents 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of
 customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will
 proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree
 of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
 and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. We will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our
 initial business combination.

Lack of Business Diversification

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that
 have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
 By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target
 business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if
 any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
 combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs
 subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the
 combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.

Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional
 managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

6 

Table of
 Contents 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
 previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their
 shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting discount we will pay to the underwriters of our initial public offering. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
 to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.

Limitations on Redemptions

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition,
 our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to
 satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the
 terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be
 returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward
 purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our
 initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval
 of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us
 to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more
 than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. So long as we maintain the listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we
 will be required to comply with Nasdaq s shareholder approval rules. 

The requirement that we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above is contained in provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association and will apply whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of two-thirds of our ordinary shares entitled to vote
 thereon, so long as we offer redemption in connection with such amendment.

If we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a general meeting, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

7 

Table of
 Contents 

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights
 described above upon completion of the initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
 shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of a majority of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy.
 Our sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during
 or after the initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the
 approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, following the February 2023 Redemptions, we would not need any of the 1,709,100 public shares
 outstanding to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. These quorum and voting thresholds,
 and the voting agreement of our sponsor, officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote
 for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction.

If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will:

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is
 required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be
 permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted
 to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination.

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule
 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.

We intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share
 certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer
 documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with
 a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the
 beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
 combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication
 or action from the redeeming public shareholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will
 promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem their shares. 

8 

Table of
 Contents 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition,
 our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to
 satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the
 terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be
 returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward
 purchase agreements or backstop arrangements, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements.

Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
 combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
 acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than 15 of the Public Shares in the aggregate (any such Public Shares in excess of 15 ,
 the Excess Shares without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.

Delivering Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights

As described above, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either
 deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy
 materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we again conduct
 redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to again require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the
 scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
 combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the initial business combination if
 we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event
 that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to
 use electronic delivery of their public shares.

9 

Table of
 Contents 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the broker submitting
 or tendering shares a fee of approximately 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to
 exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share
 delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that
 the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of
 our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the
 applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.

If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until March 26, 2024 (as such period may be further extended pursuant
 to a shareholder vote).

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination

Following the Extension Vote, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have only until March 26, 2024, or during any extended time that we have to consummate a business
 combination beyond March 26, 2024 as a result of a shareholder vote to further amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (an Extension Period ), to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed
 our initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period approved by our shareholders, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10
 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable
 and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
 further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and
 dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or
 liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period approved by our shareholders.

Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares
 held by them if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2023, i.e., within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or during any later period approved by our shareholders (including the Extended Date).
 However, to the extent our sponsor or management team acquired public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period.

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the
 substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2023, i.e., within 24 months
 from the closing of our initial public offering, or during any later period approved by our shareholders (including the Extended Date), or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
 combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
 trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount
 that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not
 proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time.

10 

Table of
 Contents 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded
 from amounts remaining out of the approximately 1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account following our initial public offering, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those
 funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay income taxes on interest income earned on
 the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses.

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account
 interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The funds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of
 our creditors, which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. While we intend to
 pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims.

Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
 in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims
 against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage
 with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether
 competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management determines that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to the company than any
 alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
 superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the
 underwriters of our initial public offering have not and will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they
 may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our
 sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
 business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share
 and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such
 liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims
 under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
 we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
 satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such
 event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by
 third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

11 

Table of
 Contents 

In the event that the funds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of
 the trust account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no
 indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent
 directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular
 instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. Accordingly, we
 cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per share.

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or
 other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the
 underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient,
 shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors.

If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
 bankruptcy or insolvency law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
 assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any
 distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could
 seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our
 company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024,
 or during any later period approved by our shareholders, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow
 redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period approved by our shareholders, or (B) with
 respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our initial business combination. In no other
 circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the
 business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote.

12 

Table of
 Contents 

Competition

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special
 purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and
 effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess similar or greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be
 limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise
 their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our issued and outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target
 businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.

Conflicts of Interest

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be
 required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
 fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended
 and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by
 contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any
 potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors
 will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Facilities

We currently utilize office space at 11501 Rock Rose Avenue, Suite 200, Austin, Texas 78758 from our sponsor and the members of our management team as our executive offices. We consider our current office space
 adequate for our current operations.

Employees

We currently have four executive officers: Alexander J. Davis, Phillip C. Caputo, David M. Tarnowski and Mardy S. Fish. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but
 they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has
 been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.

13 

Table of
 Contents 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report,
 before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could
 decline and you could lose all or part of your investment.

Risks Relating to Searching for and Consummating a Business Combination

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we
 may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination.

We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under
 applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be
 made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. For instance, Nasdaq rules
 currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a shareholder meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration
 in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination instead of conducting a
 tender offer. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval. However, following the February 2023 Redemptions, we may not need any of the 1,709,100 public shares
 outstanding to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our ordinary shares
 do not approve of the business combination we complete.

Your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Because our board of directors may complete a business
 combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to effect your investment
 decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders
 in which we describe our initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public
 shareholders vote.

Following the February 2023 Redemptions, our initial shareholders and members of our management team collectively own more than 80 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders and
 management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial
 business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
 of the company, including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, following the February 2023 Redemptions, we would not need any of the 1,709,100 public shares outstanding to be voted in favor of
 an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and management team to vote in
 favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive an ordinary resolution, being the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination.

14 

Table of
 Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a
 business combination with a target.

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the
 target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, particularly given the
 February 2023 Redemptions, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination, absent additional financial arrangements. The amount of the deferred underwriting
 discount payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination and such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial
 business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting discount, to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our
 initial business combination, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would
 cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting discount, to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination or less than such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as
 described above, we would not proceed with such redemption of our public shares and the related business combination, and we may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus,
 may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. If we are able to consummate an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay the
 deferred underwriting discount.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable
 business combination or optimize our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on
 our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a
 minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we
 initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or
 the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary shares results in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a
 greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting discount payable to the underwriters of our initial public offering
 will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred
 underwriting discount and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting discount. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable
 business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to our shares could increase the probability that our initial
 business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that
 our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of
 immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on
 your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.

15 

Table of
 Contents 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period approved by our shareholders, may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a
 business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
 business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period
 approved by our shareholders. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may
 be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our
 initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

Our search for a business combination, and any partner business with which we ultimately complete a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the continuing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the
 status of debt and equity markets.

The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has resulted, and other infectious diseases could result, in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business
 of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict
 travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the partner business s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and complete a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19
 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain
 COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. Moreover, the Federal Reserve has shifted its focus to limiting inflationary and other potentially adverse effects of the extensive pandemic-related government stimulus, which signals the potential for
 a continued period of economic uncertainty even if the pandemic subsides. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to complete a business combination, or the
 operations of a partner business with which we ultimately complete a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.

In addition, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing, which may be
 impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, increased inflation, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. The COVID-19 pandemic
 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by negative impacts on the global economy, capital
 markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities.

United States and global markets have been experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such
 invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive
 actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries,
 including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the
 resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional
 and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital
 markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

16 

Table of
 Contents 

Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could
 adversely affect our search for a business combination and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions and any related market
 disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such
 disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities, cross-border transactions or our ability to raise equity or debt
 financing in connection with any particular business combination. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target
 business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

While inflation in the United States and global markets has been relatively low in recent years, since 2021, the economy in the United States and global markets has encountered a material increase in the level of
 inflation. The impact of COVID-19, geopolitical developments such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict and global supply chain disruptions continue to increase uncertainty in the outlook of near-term and long-term economic activity, including whether
 inflation will continue and how long, and at what rate. Such increases in inflation and corresponding increases in interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including
 ours, increased cost of capital, as well as national, regional and international economic slowdown or recession, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

The failure of Silicon Valley Bank and recent turmoil in the banking industry may negatively impact our business, results of operations and
 financial condition.

Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or other
 companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity
 problems. On March 10, 2023, the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation closed Silicon Valley Bank SVB and appointed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature
 Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although depositors at SVB received access to their funds, uncertainty and liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry remain. Inflation and rapid increases
 in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates. There is no guarantee that the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal
 Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions in a timely fashion or at all.

The ultimate outcome of these events, and whether further regulatory actions will be taken, cannot be predicted. The extent to which these events
 impact our search for and completion of a business combination with a target business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning similarly
 situated financial institutions. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could impact our potential business targets as they may face a material decline in favorable commercial terms or available
 funding. This may make it more challenging for us to find a suitable target and complete an initial business combination. Further, our ability to complete an initial business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt
 financing, which may be impacted by these events.

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our
 initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for
 special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination. As a result, at times, fewer
 attractive targets may be available and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination.

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive
 fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
 tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations, whether due to inflation or otherwise, or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or
 frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.

17 

Table of
 Contents 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period approved by our shareholders, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of
 winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period approved by our shareholders. Our ability to complete our initial
 business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we
 will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
 amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding public
 shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) , subject to applicable law, 
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations
 under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular
 business combination.

We intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering
 and the sale of the private placement warrants remaining in the trust account. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public
 shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional
 financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business
 candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the
 post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business
 combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not
 need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on
 the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public
 shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors,
 officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no
 obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However,
 they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public
 warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its
 redemption rights.

18 

Table of
 Contents 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public
 shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such
 shares in favor of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it
 appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders
 for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be
 reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 
 for a description of how our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders
 of our securities may be further reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares,
 such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder
 fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will
 furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend
 to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or
 to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the
 scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also
 submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any
 other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. See Item 1. Business Delivering Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or
 warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class
 A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period approved by our shareholders, or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
 rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period
 approved by our shareholders , subject to applicable law, and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have
 any right to the funds held in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, in each case potentially at a loss.

19 

Table of
 Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if
 you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Public Shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Public Shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
 combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
 acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of
 their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a
 material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as
 a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be difficult for us to complete our
 initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public
 shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.

We have encountered and expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank
 check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
 directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we
 do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds from our initial public
 offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
 limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business
 combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a
 competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are
 available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.

Affiliates of our sponsor have similar or overlapping investment objectives and guidelines, and we may not be presented investment opportunities that may otherwise be suitable for us.

Affiliates of our sponsor currently invest and plan to continue to invest in, incubate and grow successful businesses across the health and wellness, entertainment and consumer-facing technology sectors. There may be
 overlap of investment opportunities with affiliates of our sponsor that are actively investing and similar overlap with future affiliates of our sponsor. This overlap could create conflicts of interest. In particular, investment opportunities
 that may otherwise be suitable for us may not be presented to us by our sponsor. This overlap could also create conflicts in determining to which entity a particular investment opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved
 in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us.

20 

Table of
 Contents 

Certain members of our management team may be involved in and have a greater financial interest in the performance of other entities with which they are affiliated, and such activities may create conflicts of
 interest in making decisions on our behalf.

Certain members of our management team may be subject to a variety of conflicts of interest relating to their responsibilities to our sponsor and other entities with which they are affiliated. Such individuals may
 serve as members of management or a board of directors (or in similar such capacity) to various other affiliated entities. Such positions may create a conflict between the advice and investment opportunities provided to such entities and the
 responsibilities owed to us. The other entities in which such individuals may become involved may have investment objectives that overlap with ours. Furthermore, certain of our principals and employees may have a greater financial interest in the
 performance of such other affiliated entities than our performance. Such involvement may create conflicts of interest in sourcing investment opportunities on our behalf and on behalf of such other entities.

Involvement of members of our management and entities with which they are affiliated in litigation unrelated to our business affairs may be detrimental to our reputation and could impact our ability to consummate an
 initial business combination.

On September 24, 2020, Alexander J. Davis, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer and Founder of Disruptive, filed an action in the Superior Court of the State of California against
 Kenneth Rickel, the second husband of Mr. Davis s mother. Mr. Davis seeks a declaratory judgment that an April 29, 2014 settlement agreement between the parties should be enforced according to its terms. The settlement agreement resolved the
 parties dispute with respect to the ownership of Disruptive Technology Solutions, LLC (the Fund ), a fund established to invest in securities of Palantir Technologies Inc., the Fund s affiliates, and related business operations. In response,
 on December 7, 2020, Mr. Rickel filed a cross-complaint. On July 20, 2021, the Court granted Mr. Rickel leave to file an amended cross-complaint. The amended cross-complaint names as defendants 44 entities affiliated with Mr. Davis, including us
 and our sponsor. On September 10, 2021, defendants filed a demurrer seeking the dismissal of certain of Mr. Rickel s claims, including his claims against us and our sponsor. On September 23, 2021, the court, following oral argument of counsel,
 agreed with Mr. Davis s interpretation of the settlement agreement but the litigation between the parties remains ongoing. On March 28, 2022, the Court issued a tentative ruling on defendants demurrer, holding that certain claims against us and
 our sponsor could proceed. On March 29, 2022, the Court adopted the tentative ruling as the final order of the Court. On February 3, 2023, Mr. Rickel filed a motion for summary adjudication seeking summary adjudication as to certain of Mr.
 Davis s affirmative defenses. On February 6, 2023, Mr. Davis filed a motion for summary adjudication seeking summary adjudication as to Mr. Rickel s third cause of action for breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing and fourth cause
 of action for fraudulent concealment. On March 6, 2023, the Court set a trial date for September 26, 2023. Any such litigation, unrelated to our business affairs but involving members of our management team, Disruptive or their affiliated
 entities, may be detrimental to our reputation, may negatively impact our ability to attract suitable potential acquisition targets and our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination, and may have an adverse effect on the
 price of our securities.

Our Athlete Advisory Council members may from time to time be associated with negative media coverage or public actions unrelated to our business.

Members of our Athlete Advisory Council are prominent public figures. Such positions may lead to media coverage and public awareness. As a result, members of our Athlete Advisory Council members may from time to time
 be associated with negative media coverage or public actions unrelated to our business. Any such coverage or actions may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business
 combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least until March 26, 2024, it
 could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial
 business combination.

21 

Table of
 Contents 

Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering, only 1,000,000 became available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working
 capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with the funds available to us under the third amended and restated promissory note that we issued on April 17, 2023 to an affiliate of our
 sponsor, will be sufficient to allow us to operate at least until March 26, 2024. However, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of these funds, we could use a portion available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with
 our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for
 transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of
 intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to
 continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our
 management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our
 initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical
 to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing
 to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be
 forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results
 of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring
 of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and
 complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.

We may not be able to complete a business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant
 to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations.

Our sponsor, Disruptive Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC, is a Delaware limited liability company and is not controlled by, and does not have substantial ties with, a non-U.S. person. However, we could become a foreign
 person if a foreign investor acquires a significant interest in us and is viewed as having the ability to exercise control over us.

Certain acquisitions or business combinations may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations. In the event that such regulatory approval or
 clearance is not obtained, or the review process is extended beyond the period of time that would permit a business combination to be consummated with us, we may not be able to consummate a business combination with such target. In addition,
 regulatory considerations may decrease the pool of potential target companies we may be willing or able to consider.

Among other things, the U.S. Federal Communications Act prohibits foreign individuals, governments, and corporations from owning more than a specified percentage of the capital stock of a broadcast, common carrier,
 or aeronautical radio station licensee. In the United States, certain mergers that may affect competition may require certain filings and review by the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission, and investments or acquisitions that
 may affect national security are subject to review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ). CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment in the United
 States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States.

22 

Table of
 Contents 

Outside the United States, laws or regulations may affect our ability to consummate a business combination with potential target companies incorporated or having business operations in jurisdictions where national
 security considerations, involvement in regulated industries (including telecommunications), or in businesses where a country s culture or heritage may be implicated.

U.S. and foreign regulators generally have the power to deny the ability of the parties to consummate a transaction or to condition approval of a transaction on specified terms and conditions, which may not be
 acceptable to us or a target. In such event, we may not be able to consummate a transaction with that potential target.

As a result of these various restrictions, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete a business combination may be limited. Moreover, the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise,
 could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our business combination, our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public shareholders may
 only receive per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account, will lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains due to any price appreciation in the combined company, and
 our warrants will expire worthless.

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the allotted time period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such time period before redemption from our trust account.

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the allotted time period, the funds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less
 taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected
 automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public
 shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the allotted time period before
 the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the funds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our
 redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public
 shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination.

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we entered into any definitive agreement with any target businesses with which to pursue our initial business
 combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

Although we expect to invest in companies in the health and wellness, entertainment and consumer-facing technology sectors, our efforts to identify a prospective initial business combination target are not limited to
 a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business or
 businesses that can benefit from our management team s established global relationships and operating experience. Our management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing strategic investments globally and has done so
 successfully in a number of sectors, including the health and wellness, entertainment and consumer-facing technology sectors. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prohibit us from effectuating a business combination
 with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example,
 if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development-stage entity.
 Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate
 time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that
 an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain
 shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
 was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as
 applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

23 

Table of
 Contents 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not
 meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have
 all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of
 our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which
 may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
 to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are
 unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire
 worthless.

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are
 paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses (including with the
 assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from
 a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such
 standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also
 issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one to one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. Any such issuances would
 dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
 per share, and 1,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 172,500,000 and 13,125,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amounts do not
 take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares
 concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, including
 in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. There are currently no preferred shares issued and outstanding.

24 

Table of
 Contents 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
 combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one to one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth
 therein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i)
 receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preferred shares:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors;

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation
 or removal of our present officers and directors; and

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants.

Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business
 combination.

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
 for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or
 deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding
 after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any
 equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by us in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or
 convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided
 that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are
 unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire
 worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management
 time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not
 be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a
 loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may
 only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.

25 

Table of
 Contents 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings.

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous
 risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and
 difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
 risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
 business.

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the
 value of our shareholders investment in us.

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding
 debt following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a
 waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence
 of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver
 or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and
 other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who
 have less debt.

26 

Table of
 Contents 

We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering remaining in the trust account and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be
 solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial
 business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present
 operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to
 numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to
 complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate
 subsequent to our initial business combination.

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks
 that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
 closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
 additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
 products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, they could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as
 we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies and we
 could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at
 all.

We determined that our warrants will be accounted as a warrant liability, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares and may make it more difficult for us to consummate an
 initial business combination.

On April 12, 2021, the Staff of the SEC (the Staff issued a statement entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (the SEC
 Warrant Statement ). In the SEC Warrant Statement, the Staff, among other things, highlighted potential accounting implications of certain terms that are common in warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offerings of special purpose
 acquisition companies such as us. As a result of the Staff statement and in light of evolving views as to certain provisions commonly included in warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies, we reevaluated the accounting for the
 warrants under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40.

27 

Table of
 Contents 

Based on such reevaluation, we determined that it was prudent to account for our warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the
 criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we have reclassified each of the warrants as a liability at its fair value as determined by us based upon a valuation report obtained from an
 independent third-party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a blank check company that does not
 have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment, or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on
 our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present within a particular target business, that it
 would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later
 write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously
 known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could
 contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming preexisting debt held by a target
 business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the
 business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due
 to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as
 applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess
 the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but
 we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be
 required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target,
 our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue
 a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target.
 However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to
 such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it
 more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.

28 

Table of
 Contents 

We may have limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills,
 qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time,
 resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we expected them to possess. Should the target s
 management not have the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, shareholders or warrant holders who
 choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the
 operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
 members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
 remain in office.

Risks Relating to Our Management and Directors

Past performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of
 future performance of an investment in us.

Information regarding our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, is presented in this Annual
 Report for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance by our management team and their affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated is not a guarantee that we will be able to successfully identify a
 suitable candidate for our initial business combination, that we will be able to provide positive returns to our shareholders or of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the
 historical experiences of our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, as indicative of the future performance of an
 investment in us or as indicative of every prior investment by each of the members of our management team or their affiliates. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, and our
 shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities.

We may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise.

We will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business
 combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the
 significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a
 business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the
 information contained in this Annual Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess
 adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares.
 Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

29 

Table of
 Contents 

We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at
 least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their
 time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or
 officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business
 combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained.
 Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in
 place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the
 requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the
 retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a
 particular business combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business
 combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they
 would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may
 influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills,
 qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time,
 resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s
 management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain
 shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was
 due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as
 applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

30 

Table of
 Contents 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination.

The market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for
 directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future.

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain
 directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to
 obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to
 the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for
 run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors.

Risks Relating to Our Securities

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq. Although in connection with our initial public offering we met the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we
 cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination,
 we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. In general, following our initial public offering, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2.5 million) or a market value of our listed
 securities (generally 35.0 million) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s
 initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least
 4.00 per share and our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter
 market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the
 secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

31 

Table of
 Contents 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. 
 Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our
 securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
 case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies
 unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered
 securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.

If third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share.

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers,
 prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
 shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of
 fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account.
 If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement
 with such third party if management determines that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to the company than any alternative. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of
 our initial public offering have not executed agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account.

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to
 be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will
 agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares,
 if we have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of
 creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in
 the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Annual Report, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other
 than Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar
 agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
 liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who
 executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain
 liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its
 indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
 against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you
 would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
 target businesses.

32 

Table of
 Contents 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders.

In the event that the funds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share and (ii) the actual
 amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts
 that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
 obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
 business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or
 if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
 shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share.

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers.

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
 monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust
 account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These
 provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
 investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

If, after we distribute the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of
 directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

33 

Table of
 Contents 

If, after we distribute the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
 court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and
 us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.

If, before distributing the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If, before distributing the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, the funds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders.
 To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for
 us to complete our initial business combination.

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), relating, among other things, to circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and
 the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain
 criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a business combination transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule
 Proposals would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for a business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement for
 its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the date of the registration statement for its initial public offering.

There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a special purpose acquisition company (a SPAC ), including a company like ours, which does not complete its initial
 business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. As indicated above, we completed the IPO in March 2021 and have operated as a blank check company searching for a target business with which to
 consummate a business combination since such time (or approximately 24 months after the effective date of the IPO, as of the date of this Annual Report). As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an
 unregistered investment company. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete a business combination and instead be required to liquidate the
 Company. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants or rights following
 such a transaction, and our warrants or rights would expire worthless.

In addition, if we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

restrictions on the issuance of securities,

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:

34 

Table of
 Contents 

registration as an investment company;

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing,
 reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash
 items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to
 resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.

We do not believe that our principal activities subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the
 meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S.
 government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the investment management trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments and by having a
 business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within
 the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our securities are not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending
 the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March
 26, 2024, or during any later period approved by our shareholders, or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity;
 or (iii) absent an initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period approved by our shareholders , our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders
 as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we cease to invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with
 these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
 shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders and our warrants will expire worthless.

The funds in the trust account have, since our initial public offering (the IPO ), been held only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a
 maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. As of December 31, 2022, amounts held in trust account
 included approximately 3,984,823.69 of accrued interest. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may in the future instruct Continental to
 liquidate the U.S. government securities or money market funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts) until the earliest of our completion of a business
 combination, the Extended Date, or the Amended Termination Date, as applicable. Following such liquidation of the assets in the trust account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would
 reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would have otherwise received upon any redemption or our liquidation if the assets in the trust account had remained in U.S. government securities or money market funds. This means that the amount
 available for redemption would not increase in the future, and those shareholders who elect not to redeem all or a portion of their public shares in connection with the Extension Vote would receive no more than the same per share amount, without
 additional interest, if they redeemed all or a portion of their public shares in connection with a business combination or if we are liquidated in the future, in each case as compared with the per share amount they would have received if they had
 redeemed all or a portion of their public shares in connection with the Extension Vote.

35 

Table of
 Contents 

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the
 assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share.

The proceeds held in the trust account currently are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of
 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations
 currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years and the Open Market Committee of the Federal
 Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we do not to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income earned thereon (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest
 income to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share.

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the
 distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed
 as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of
 creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while
 we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable to a fine of 18,293 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.

We may not hold another annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors.

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we were not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year
 after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Following our listing, we held an Extraordinary Meeting in satisfaction of the Nasdaq listing requirements. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual
 or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold another annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of
 directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders of
 our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination.

You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available.

If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws,
 holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase
 price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units.

While in connection with our initial public offering we have registered Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act, we have not and do not plan on keeping a prospectus
 current until required to do so pursuant to the warrant agreement. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business
 combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering or a new registration statement registering, under the
 Securities Act, the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial
 business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant
 agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements
 contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct, or the SEC issues a stop order.

36 

Table of
 Contents 

If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants
 will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis , in which case the number of Class A ordinary shares that the holders of warrants will receive upon cashless
 exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum number of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants unless the issuance of the shares upon such
 exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder or an exemption from registration or qualification is available.

If our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the
 Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. In the
 event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use
 our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are
 unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws.

Our ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration statement covering the Class A ordinary
 shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash.

If we call the warrants for redemption, we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis under certain circumstances. If we choose to
 require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would
 have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. For example, if the holder is exercising 875 public warrants at 11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when the Class A ordinary shares have a fair market value of 17.50 per
 share when there is no effective registration statement, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 Class A ordinary shares. The holder would have received 875 Class A ordinary shares if the exercise price was paid in cash. This
 will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold.

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination and the future exercise of such
 rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.

Pursuant to an agreement that was entered into concurrently with the consummation of our initial public offering, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A
 ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
 of the private placement warrants and holders of securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such units, shares, warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such
 warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary
 shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the
 combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement
 warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered.

37 

Table of
 Contents 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders.

We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located
 or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a
 tax transparent entity (or may otherwise result in adverse tax consequences). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding
 taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation.

We may be subject to an excise tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions of our ordinary shares after December 31, 2022.

The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, enacted in August 2022, imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by covered corporations beginning in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise
 Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders. Because we are a blank check Cayman Islands corporations with no subsidiaries or previous merger or acquisition activity, we are not currently a
 covered corporation for this purpose. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally equal to 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing
 corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, there are certain other exceptions to the Excise Tax. The U.S.
 Department of the Treasury has been given authority to issue regulations or other guidance to carry out, and to prevent the avoidance of, the Excise Tax. The Treasury and the IRS recently have issued preliminary guidance regarding the application
 of this excise tax, but there can be no assurance that this guidance will be finally adopted in its current form. A repurchase that occurs in connection with a business combination with a U.S. target company might be subject to the Excise Tax,
 depending on the structure of the business combination and other transactions that might be engaged in during the relevant year.

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States. Therefore,
 investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a
 result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of U.S. courts predicated
 upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under U.S. laws.

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations
 and profitability of our post-combination business.

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition
 candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have
 a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a
 business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which he or she may be
 entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers 
 and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on
 our ability to complete our initial business combination. See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

38 

Table of
 Contents 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to
 which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

We currently engage and, until we consummate our initial business combination, will continue to engage, in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors
 presently has and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such
 entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to
 another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no
 individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and
 (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which
 we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts
 would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or
 disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not
 intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their
 interests and ours.

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our
 directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in
 our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our
 shareholders rights. See the section titled Description of Securities Certain Differences in Corporate Law Shareholder Suits in the prospectus relating to our initial public offering for further information on the ability to bring such claims.
 However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.

39 

Table of
 Contents 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise
 potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders. Our
 directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us
 for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have
 been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction
 if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business
 Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a valuation or
 appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders, potential
 conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire), a conflict of
 interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.

On December 30, 2020, we issued to our sponsor an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per
 share, to cover certain of our expenses. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares outstanding was
 determined based on the then-expected total size of our initial public offering of 28,750,000 units (assuming the underwriters overallotment option was exercised in full) and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20 of the
 outstanding shares after our initial public offering. On March 8, 2021, our sponsor transferred 35,000 founder shares to Karen L. Finerman, our independent director, 30,000 founder shares to each of James R. Blake and Galen C. Smith, our
 independent directors, and 20,000 founder shares to each of Alexander J. Davis and David M. Tarnowski, our directors, in each case at their original purchase price. On May 10, 2021, in connection with the expiration of the underwriters 
 overallotment option, our sponsor surrendered 312,500 founder shares. As a result, our sponsor now owns 6,875,000 founder shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, in
 connection with our initial public offering and the underwriters partial exercise of their overallotment option, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,000,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The private placement warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying
 and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as March 26, 2024 nears, which is
 the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination as such deadline may be further extended pursuant to a shareholder vote ). 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our
 shareholders do not agree.

40 

Table of
 Contents 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would
 cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working
 capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do
 not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
 offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all
 Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, including from
 any third-party financing, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof and we instead may search for an alternate business
 combination.

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have in the recent past amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their
 warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or instruments and agreements governing our securities in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete
 our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support.

In order to effectuate a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and instruments and agreements governing our securities,
 including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and,
 with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require a special resolution
 under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. Amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at
 least 65 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the then-outstanding
 private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete an initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period approved by our shareholders, or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
 rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of our securities, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected
 securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination.

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds
 from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (or 65 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting
 of the company with respect to amendments to the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us,
 therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public
 offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by
 special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. Corresponding provisions of the trust agreement
 governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. Our initial shareholders and members of our management team, who
 collectively beneficially own more than 80 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner
 they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition
 companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

41 

Table of
 Contents 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the
 substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024, or during any later period approved by our shareholders, or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public
 shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on
 the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a
 result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action,
 subject to applicable law.

Certain agreements may be amended without shareholder approval.

Certain agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to our initial public offering, the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers and directors, and the registration rights agreement among us
 and our initial shareholders, may be amended without shareholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement with our sponsor, officers and
 directors contains provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and private placement warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust
 account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in
 exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an
 adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.

Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.

Our initial shareholders and members of our management team collectively own more than 80 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert
 a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any
 additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current
 intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors,
 whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold another annual
 general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an
 annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have
 considerable influence regarding the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors and to remove directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman
 Islands prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination.

42 

Table of
 Contents 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise
 price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval.

Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the
 consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or to correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this
 prospectus, or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties
 deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants under the warrant agreement and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public
 warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the private placement warrants will also require at least 65 of the
 then-outstanding private placement warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of public warrants if holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such
 amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the
 exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

If (i) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of
 less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into
 account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity
 proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20-trading-day period starting on
 the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 
 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
 Price, respectively. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, if, among other things, the last reported sales price
 of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our
 redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants as described above could force you to (i) exercise your warrants
 and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption
 price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20-trading-day period starting on the
 trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.

43 

Table of
 Contents 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the last reported
 sales price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their
 warrants prior to redemption for a number of our Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the
 value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary
 shares received is capped at 0.361 of our Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants.

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and
 proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will
 be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any
 such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district
 courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in
 our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
 Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in
 connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s
 counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a
 court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other
 jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination.

We issued warrants to purchase 9,166,667 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units sold in our initial public offering. We also issued in a private placement an aggregate of 5,000,000 private placement
 warrants, at 1.50 per warrant. In addition, if the sponsor makes any working capital loans, it may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. To the extent we issue
 ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target
 business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make
 it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

44 

Table of
 Contents 

Because each unit contains one-third of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies.

Each unit contains one-third of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole units trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder
 would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar
 to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business
 combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for
 target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

Because we must furnish our shareholders with the target business s financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target
 businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial
 statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial
 statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may
 acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on,
 or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an
 early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate
 any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries

If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us.

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and
 completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

45 

Table of
 Contents 

In addition, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due
 diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies, and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the
 following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

challenges in managing and staffing international operations;

longer payment cycles;

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

rates of inflation;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

corruption;

protection of intellectual property;

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;

regime changes and political upheaval;

terrorist attacks and wars; and

deterioration of political relations with the United States.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our
 operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

46 

Table of
 Contents 

If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various
 regulatory issues.

Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the combined company and the management of the target business at the time of the business
 combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such
 laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in foreign countries and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such countries. Accordingly, our
 results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the countries in which we operate.

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the countries in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and
 among various sectors of the economy, and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such countries economies experience a downturn or grow at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain
 industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and, if we effect our initial
 business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business s ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency or several foreign currencies, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any,
 could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of such foreign currencies. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in
 the relative value of such currencies against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations.
 Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able
 to consummate such transaction.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to
 enforce our legal rights.

In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction
 may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or
 obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.

We are subject to changing laws and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of noncompliance.

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly
 traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and
 a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.

47 

Table of
 Contents 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in
 continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be
 subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.

We employ a mail forwarding service, which may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner.

Mail addressed to us and received at our registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by us. None of us, our
 directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address,
 which may impair your ability to communicate with us.

General Risk Factors

We are a blank check company with a short operating history and no revenues, and you have limited basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

We are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited operating results. Because of our short operating history, you have limited basis upon which to evaluate our ability to
 achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial
 condition accurately and in a timely manner.

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material
 weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
 material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

As described elsewhere in this Annual Report, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial instruments. As a result of this
 material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. This material weakness resulted in a material misstatement of our warrant liabilities, change in fair value
 of warrant liabilities, additional paid-in capital, accumulated deficit and related financial disclosures.

To respond to this material weakness, we have devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we
 have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance these processes to better evaluate our research and understanding of the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our
 financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding
 complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects.

Any failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results of operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not
 accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory
 authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business. For example, we failed to timely file our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2021 because we needed additional time to
 assess the impact of the SEC Warrant Statement (as defined herein) on our financial statements. Failure to timely file such Quarterly Report made us ineligible to utilize short-form registration statements, which may impair our ability to obtain
 capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue shares to effect an acquisition. Ineffective internal control could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative
 effect on the trading price of our securities.

48 

Table of
 Contents 

We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results
 will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in
 the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
 Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have determined that if we are unable to complete a business combination by March 26, 2024 (absent any further extensions of such period with shareholder approval), then we will cease all operations
 except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this report do not
 include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the remaining net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not
 been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the U.S. securities laws. However, because we have had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 following the completion of our initial public offering and the sale of the
 private placement warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419.
 Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do
 companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account
 were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination.

We believe that we were a passive foreign investment company (a PFIC for our 2021 and 2022 taxable years, and we may also be a PFIC for our current taxable year, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income
 tax consequences to U.S. investors.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. investor holding our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. investor may be subject to adverse U.S.
 federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. We believe that we did not qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (as described in our IPO prospectus under the caption Taxation United States Federal
 Income Tax Considerations Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules for our taxable year ended December 31, 2021. Therefore, we believe that we were a PFIC for our 2021 and 2022 taxable years. In addition, even if our business combination is
 completed during our current taxable year, it is possible that we will be a PFIC for our current taxable year depending on the timing and structure of the business combination and the nature of the income, assets and activities of the company
 with which we combine, the details of which are currently uncertain. If we are a PFIC during any taxable year during which a U.S. investor owns our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, we will generally continue to be treated as a PFIC with
 respect to such U.S. investor s Class A ordinary shares or warrants even if we are not a PFIC for any subsequent taxable year.

49 

Table of
 Contents 

We will endeavor to provide to a U.S. investor such information as the Internal Revenue Service may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. investor to make and maintain a
 qualified electing fund election, which could mitigate certain of the adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences of our PFIC status to U.S. investors, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such information, and such
 election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisers regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed explanation of these and other elections, as
 well as other aspects of the PFIC rules, see the section of our IPO prospectus captioned Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act. If we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth
 companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. We may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
 public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
 obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that
 status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the
 following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these
 exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had
 a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
 can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition
 period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the
 new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period
 difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other
 things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not
 equal or exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not equal or exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed
 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and
 costs of completing an initial business combination.

50 

Table of
 Contents 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an
 accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal controls over financial reporting. Further, for as
 long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal controls over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check
 company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in
 compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs
 necessary to complete any such business combination.

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or
 enforce judgments obtained in the U.S. courts against our directors or officers.

Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman
 Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under
 Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common
 law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from
 what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and certain states, such as Delaware,
 may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the United States.

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United
 States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil
 liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman
 Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a
 judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment
 must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a
 manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay
 enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders
 than they would as public shareholders of a U.S. company.

Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors and our sponsor and directors collectively own more than 80 of our voting power, Nasdaq may consider us to be a
 controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.

51 

Table of
 Contents 

Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors and our sponsor and directors collectively own more than 80 of our voting power. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a
 controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq listing rules. Under Nasdaq listing rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to
 comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that:

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under Nasdaq listing rules;

we have a compensation committee of our board that comprises entirely independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that comprises entirely independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities.

We do not plan to utilize these exemptions and intend to continue to comply with all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these
 exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment or removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business
 combination.

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands.
 Holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination,
 holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you will not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination.

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of our company, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A
 ordinary shares and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
 include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that
 otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 2. 

Property

We currently maintain our executive offices at 11501 Rock Rose Avenue, Suite 200, Austin, Texas 78758. The cost for the space is included in the up to 15,000 monthly fee that we are obligated to pay our sponsor for
 office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to us and other expenses and obligations of our sponsor. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

To the knowledge of our management, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

52 

Table of
 Contents 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(a) Market Information

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols DISAU, DISA and DISAW, respectively. Our units began trading on March 24, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and
 warrants began separate trading on May 14, 2021.

(b) Holders

On April 17, 2023, there were one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, six holders of our Class B ordinary shares and two holders of record of our warrants.

(c) Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will
 be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business
 combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we
 incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Under Cayman Islands law, there are currently no restrictions on the export or import of capital, including foreign exchange controls or restrictions that affect the remittance of dividends, interest or other
 payments to nonresident holders of our ordinary shares. There is currently no reciprocal tax treaty between the Cayman Islands and the United States. Under current Cayman Islands law, there is no withholding tax on dividends.

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

(e) Performance Graph

Not applicable.

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings

Unregistered Sales

None.

Use of Proceeds

Of the 277,000,000 in proceeds we received from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, a total of 275,000,000, including 9,625,000 payable to the underwriters for a deferred
 underwriting discount, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. We incurred a total of 587,871 of other costs and expenses related to our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
 warrants. The remaining proceeds were used for working capital purposes. On February 27, 2023, we instructed Continental to withdraw from our trust account an aggregate of 263,071,273.79 to satisfy the February 2023 Redemptions.

There has been no material change in the planned use of the remaining proceeds from such use as described in our registration statement on Form S-1
 (File No. 333-253971), which was declared effective by the SEC on March 23, 2021.

53 

Table of
 Contents 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

None.

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data

Not applicable.

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes thereto which
 are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ
 materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated on December 29, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
 business combination with one or more businesses. Our sponsor is Disruptive Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

The registration statement for our initial public offering was declared effective on March 23, 2021. On March 26, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 25,000,000 units at 10.00 per unit, generating
 gross proceeds of 250,000,000 and incurring offering costs of approximately 14,750,000, inclusive of 8,750,000 in a deferred underwriting discount. Substantially concurrently with the closing of our initial public offering, we completed the
 private sale of 4,666,667 private placement warrants, at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,000,000. On May 5, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional 2,500,000 units pursuant to
 the partial exercise of their overallotment option. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating additional gross proceeds of 25,000,000. In connection with the partial exercise of the overallotment option, our sponsor
 purchased an additional 333,333 private placement warrants at 1.50, which generated an additional 500,000 in gross proceeds.

Following our initial public offering, the partial exercise of the overallotment option and the related sales of the private placement warrants described above, a total of 275,000,000 was placed in the trust account
 and was invested in permitted U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
 under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. In total, we incurred 15,712,871 in transaction costs, including 5,500,000 of an underwriting discount, 9,625,000 of a deferred underwriting
 discount and 587,871 of other offering costs.

On February 14, 2023, we held the Extraordinary Meeting. At the Extraordinary Meeting, our shareholders approved, among other things, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to
 extend the date that we have to consummate an initial business combination from March 26, 2023 to March 26, 2024 and (iii) such earlier date as shall be determined by our board of directors and publicly announced by us. In connection with the
 shareholders vote at the Extraordinary Meeting, the holders of 25,790,900 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.20 per share, for an aggregate redemption
 amount of 263,071,273.79.

Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, although substantially all of the net
 proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a business combination.

54 

Table of
 Contents 

We will only have until March 26, 2024 (as such period may be further extended pursuant to a shareholder vote) to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination
 within this time frame, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
 then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
 as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands
 law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not
 complete our initial business combination within the allotted period.

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash outside the trust account of 28,039 available for working capital needs. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target
 businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material
 agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. All remaining cash held in the trust account is generally unavailable for its use, prior to an initial business combination, and
 is restricted for use either in a business combination or to redeem ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2022, none of the amount in the trust account was available to be withdrawn as described above.

Through December 31, 2022, our liquidity needs were satisfied through receipt of 25,000 from the sale of the founder shares and the remaining net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private
 placement warrants.

On November 15, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 250,000 to an affiliate of our sponsor. The proceeds of the note, which may be drawn down from time to time until we consummate our
 initial business combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. The note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) twenty-four (24) months from the closing of our initial public offering (or such
 later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) or (ii) the consummation of our initial business combination. A failure to pay the principal within five business days
 of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the note may be accelerated. On April 12, 2022, we amended and restated the note in its entirety to
 increase the note s principal amount to 500,000. On August 18, 2022, we further amended and restated the Note to increase the Note s principal amount to 750,000. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 750,000 and 77,000, respectively, in
 borrowings outstanding under the Note. On April 17, 2023, we again amended and restated the Note to increase its principal amount to 1,500,000.

Until consummation of our business combination, we will be using the funds not held in the trust account, funds available to us under the Note, and
 any additional Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5 to the financial statements included herein) from our initial shareholders, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates (which is described in Note 5 to the financial
 statements included herein), for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
 target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating our business combination.

55 

Table of
 Contents 

If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual
 amounts necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and may need to raise additional capital, e.g., through loans from our Sponsor, officers,
 directors or third parties. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to preserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the
 pursuit of our business plan and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. We cannot assure you that our plans to consummate an initial
 business combination before March 26, 2024 (absent any further extensions of such period with shareholder approval) will be successful.

In addition, we only have until March 26, 2024 (as such period may be further extended pursuant to a shareholder vote) to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business
 combination within this period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Class A ordinary shares at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
 by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and
 (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, and subject to our obligations under Cayman Islands law, in the case of
 clauses (ii) and (iii), provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire
 worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination within the period.

Management has determined that we could have insufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated obligations for at least twelve months after the
 financial statements are available to be issued due to recurring operating losses and negative cash utilized in operating activities. We will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from our Sponsor,
 shareholders, officers, directors or third parties as needed. Our officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion,
 to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial
 doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, management has also determined that the mandatory
 liquidation date and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024 (unless such a period is further extended as
 described herein), then we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after March 26, 2024.

Risks and Uncertainties

Our management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position, results of
 operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
 uncertainty.

Results of Operations

All of our activities since inception through December 31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for our initial public offering and, since the closing of our initial public offering, the search for a
 prospective target of our initial business combination.

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate nonoperating
 income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents held in the trust account. We expect to continue to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
 compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses.

56 

Table of
 Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had 13,575,241 in net income. We incurred 1,559,215 of formation and operating costs consisting mostly
 of general and administrative expenses. We had income on the change in fair value of our warrant liabilities of 11,167,645 and investment income of 3,966,811 on our amounts held in the trust account. We expect our investment income following
 the February 2023 Redemptions to be materially lower than during the year ended December 31, 2022 given the lower amount held in the trust account.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had 4,833,241 in net income. We incurred 2,011,214 of formation and operating costs consisting mostly of general and administrative expenses. We had income on the change in
 fair value of our warrant liabilities of 7,460,809 and investment income of 18,013 on our amounts held in the trust account, offset by offering expenses related to warrants of 634,367 for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Contractual Obligations

We do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities, other than as described below.

We entered into an administrative services agreement to pay our sponsor a monthly fee of up to 15,000 for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to us and other expenses
 and obligations of our sponsor. We began incurring these fees on March 24, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation.

On November 15, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 250,000 to an affiliate of our sponsor. The proceeds of the note, which may be drawn down from time to time until we consummate our
 initial business combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. The note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) twenty-four (24) months from the closing of our initial public offering (or such
 later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) or (ii) the consummation of our initial business combination. A failure to pay the principal within five business days
 of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the note may be accelerated. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 750,000 and 77,000,
 respectively, in borrowings outstanding under the note. On April 12, 2022, we amended and restated the note in its entirety to increase the note s principal amount to 500,000. On August 18, 2022, we further amended and restated the Note to
 increase the Note s principal amount to 750,000. On April 17, 2023, we again amended and restated the Note to increase its principal amount to 1,500,000.

The underwriters of our initial public offering are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 0.35 per unit, or 9,625,000 in the aggregate. The deferred underwriting discount will become payable to the
 underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these
 financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing
 basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe
 to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
 estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

We have identified the following critical accounting policies:

Derivative Warrant Liabilities

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including our warrants, to determine if such instruments are
 derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is
 reassessed at the end of each reporting period.

57 

Table of
 Contents 

We issued an aggregate of 13,000,000 warrants in connection with our initial public offering and the simultaneous private placement, which are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. In
 addition, we issued an aggregate of 1,166,667 warrants in connection with the partial exercise of the underwriters overallotment option. Accordingly, we recognize the warrants as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value
 at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date until exercised and any change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The fair value of the warrants issued in connection with
 our initial public offering, the simultaneous private placement and the partial exercise of the underwriters overallotment option has been estimated using Monte Carlo simulations at each measurement date.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory
 redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or
 subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares
 feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 27,500,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to
 possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets. In connection with the shareholders vote at the Extraordinary Meeting, the holders of 25,790,900 Class
 A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.20 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 263,071,273.79. As a result, there are currently 1,709,100 Class A
 ordinary shares outstanding.

Net Income (Loss) per Ordinary Share

We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. The potential ordinary share for
 outstanding warrants to purchase our shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share because the warrants are contingently exercisable and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share is
 the same as basic net loss per ordinary share for the periods.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2020, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) to
 simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments, and simplifies the derivative scope
 exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an
 entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or
 modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, it would have on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

Our management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.

58 

Table of
 Contents 

JOBS Act

The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply
 with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or
 revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised
 accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.

Additionally, we may elect to rely on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in
 the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions, we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report on our system of internal
 control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii)
 comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the report of the independent registered public accounting firm providing additional
 information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation-related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of
 our chief executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, 
 whichever is earlier.

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item.

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference.

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and
 reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive
 officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
 controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
 Exchange Act) were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to our accounting for complex financial instruments. As a result, we performed additional
 analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our
 financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented.

Management has identified a material weakness in internal controls related to the accounting for complex financial instruments. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting
 requirements, we plan to continue to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including through enhanced analyses by our personnel and third-party professionals with whom
 we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects.

59 

Table of
 Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our
 internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our
 internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company,

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
 made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial
 statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
 future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
 control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework
 (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.

Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities and related accounting
 standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with
 the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals.

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially
 affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B.

Other Information

On April 17, 2023, we amended and restated the unsecured promissory note issued to an affiliate of the sponsor to increase its principal amount to up to 1,500,000. The proceeds of the Note, which may be drawn down
 from time to time until we consummate our initial business combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. The Note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) thirty-six (36) months from the closing
 of our initial public offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) or (ii) the completion of an initial business combination. A failure to pay the
 principal within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the Note may be accelerated.

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Note, which is filed as Exhibit 10.14 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

None.

60 

Table of
 Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Directors and Executive Officers

Name

Age

Position

Alexander J. Davis

40

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

Phillip C. Caputo

42

Chief Financial Officer

David M. Tarnowski

41

Chief Operating Officer and Director

Mardy S. Fish

41

Vice President, Business Development

James R. Blake

43

Director

Karen L. Finerman

58

Director

Galen C. Smith

46

Director

Our directors and executive officers are as follows:

Alexander J. Davis, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

Alexander J. Davis has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since the inception of Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I. Since June 2012, Mr. Davis has been the Founder and Chief Executive Officer at
 Disruptive, a merchant bank with investments in top-performing, late-stage private technology companies. He has grown Disruptive to deploy more than 3.7 billion dollars in the private markets, working with a diverse group of leading global
 investors and portfolio companies such as Palantir (where, as of the day of Palantir s direct listing, Disruptive was the second-largest outside shareholder), Hims (where Disruptive was the second-largest contributor of private capital), UiPath,
 Pinterest and Spotify. Since inception, Mr. Davis has identified attractive business extensions and expanded the firm into four business lines proprietary investments, investment banking, business development and a liquidity fund (which provides
 financing to private technology company share and option holders) that coalesce to provide a full suite of services in support of Disruptive s portfolio companies. Before founding Disruptive, Mr. Davis served as the Founding Managing Director of
 Ten-X, LLC (formerly Auction.com) from 2007 to 2011, where he led the company in its transition from a traditional brick and mortar auction company into a technology-enabled marketplace. Mr. Davis and his wife, Lindsay, co-chair The Giving
 Fund, a charitable foundation dedicated to helping those less fortunate. He also served on the board of Operation Underground Railroad (O.U.R.), a nonprofit organization working toward the permanent eradication of child sex trafficking. We
 believe Mr. Davis s entrepreneurial, business and investment experience makes him well qualified to serve on our board of directors.

Phillip C. Caputo, Chief Financial Officer

Phillip C. Caputo has served as our Chief Financial Officer since the inception of Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I. Mr. Caputo joined Disruptive in 2019, and, since April 2020, has served as the Chief Financial
 Officer, where he focuses on developing and implementing processes and controls required to produce timely and accurate reporting that informs strategic decisions in the areas of finance, accounting and tax for Disruptive and its affiliates. Mr.
 Caputo previously served as Disruptive s Vice President of Finance and Accounting from April 2019 to April 2020. Before joining Disruptive, he was Assistant Controller at The Palisades Group, LLC from 2018 to 2019. Mr. Caputo was Vice President
 at The TCW Group from 2016 to 2017 and Vice President of Operations at Fintan Partners from 2014 to 2016. He has 16 years of experience managing back office operations teams for reputable investment management firms. Mr. Caputo graduated magna
 cum laude from Northeastern University, receiving a B.S. in finance and insurance, with a minor in economics. He is also a CFA charterholder.

61 

Table of
 Contents 

David M. Tarnowski, Chief Operating Officer and Director

David M. Tarnowski has served as our Chief Operating Officer and a member of our board of directors since the inception of Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I. Mr. Tarnowski joined Disruptive in November 2017 and he
 currently serves as a Managing Director and the Chief Operating Officer where he focuses on overall operations of the firm, as well as investment sourcing and analysis, transaction execution, legal and investor relations. He has over 11 years of
 investment and banking experience in private and public markets, working with globally diverse institutional investors and various companies across different sectors, including technology. From 2007 to 2017, Mr. Tarnowski worked at Ampton
 Investments Inc., a New York-based boutique investment and advisory firm, where he was involved in transactions relating to two special purpose acquisition companies. He holds a B.B.A. with honors from the University of Notre Dame and a J.D. from
 Columbia Law School. We believe Mr. Tarnowski s operational and investment experience makes him well qualified to serve on our board of directors.

Mardy S. Fish, Vice President, Business Development

Mardy S. Fish has served as our Vice President, Business Development since the inception of Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I. Since January 2020, Mr. Fish has held the same position at Disruptive, working closely
 with the Chief Executive Officer and Founder, Alexander J. Davis, to expand the company s business development nationwide by cultivating new and existing relationships, with a focus on the professional athlete community. Before joining
 Disruptive, Mr. Fish was a professional tennis player, earning American No. 1 and world No. 7 ATP rankings in 2011. He won the Olympic silver medal in the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens. Mr. Fish retired from professional tennis in 2015 with 14
 career ATP titles and victories over Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Andre Agassi. He has been the captain of the U.S. Davis Cup team since January 2019. Continuing his athletic career in golf, Mr. Fish is a two-time Diamond
 Resorts Invitational champion and won the 2020 American Century Championship in Lake Tahoe. In 2007, Mr. Fish founded the Mardy Fish Children s Foundation (MFCF), which has supported over 2,400 children with the opportunity to participate in
 sports and extracurricular activities throughout the Indian River County.

James R. Blake, Director

James R. Blake has served as a member of our board of directors since March 23, 2021. Since January 2018, Mr. Blake has been the tournament director of the Miami Open, one of the biggest events on the ATP and WTA
 calendars, including during the tournament s historic move to Hard Rock Stadium. Before that, from 2015 to 2018, Mr. Blake served as the chairperson of the USTA Foundation, the national charitable arm of U.S. Tennis Association, Inc. Mr. Blake s
 first career was as a professional tennis player, earning career-high American No. 1 and world No. 4 ATP rankings before retiring in 2013. Some of his career highlights include representing the United States in the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing
 and victories over Roger Federer, Andre Agassi and Rafael Nadal. Mr. Blake also played an integral role on the Davis Cup team during the U.S. team s title run in 2007 and was elected to serve a two-year term as the Vice President of the ATP
 Player Council. In 2008, he founded the James Blake Foundation, a nonprofit that has donated approximately 1.2 million to fund research for early detection of cancer at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York City. We believe Mr.
 Blake s experience, along with his relationships with professional athletes, makes him well qualified to serve on our board of directors.

Karen L. Finerman, Director

Karen L. Finerman has served as a member of our board of directors since March 23, 2021. Ms. Finerman co-founded New York-based hedge fund Metropolitan Capital Advisors in 1992 and has served as its Chief Executive
 Officer since 2014. She served on the board of directors of Falcon Capital Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: FCAC) from September 30, 2020 until the closing of its business combination with Sharecare, Inc. in July 2021 and served as a member of the
 board of directors at GrafTech International Ltd. (NYSE: EAF) from 2014 until its acquisition in 2015. In addition, Ms. Finerman is a board member of the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson s Research and she sat for 15 years on the board of
 Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx. She has been a panelist on CNBC s Fast Money since its debut in 2007 and is the author of the New York Times best-selling book Finerman s Rules: Secrets I d Only Tell My Daughters About Business and Life.
 Ms. Finerman received a B.S. in finance from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, where she is a member of the Board of Advisors. We believe Ms. Finerman s extensive experience analyzing market reactions to public offerings,
 along with her particular expertise in corporate governance and effective investor communication, makes her well qualified to serve on our board of directors.

62 

Table of
 Contents 

Galen C. Smith, Director

Galen C. Smith has served as a member of our board of directors since March 23, 2021. From 2016 to 2022, Mr. Smith served as Chief Executive
 Officer of Redbox Entertainment Inc. Redbox ), an entertainment distribution company, and was a board member at Redbox from October 2021 to August 2022. From the acquisition of Redbox by Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc. Chicken
 Soup in August 2022 to January 2023, Mr. Smith served as executive vice chairman of Redbox and Chicken Soup. From 2013 to 2016, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Outerwall, a leading provider of automated retail solutions, including
 Redbox, Coinstar and ecoATM. From 2009 to 2013, Mr. Smith served in various financial positions at Outerwall, including as Senior Vice President of Finance at Redbox and as Outerwall s Corporate Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. Before
 joining Outerwall, Mr. Smith was an investment banker at Morgan Stanley Co., working in the consumer and retail investment banking group from 2007 to 2009. He served on the board of directors of CareerBuilder from 2017 to 2022. Mr. Smith
 received an MBA from the University of Chicago and a B.A. from Wheaton College. We believe Mr. Smith s experience in finance and entertainment make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors.

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors consists of five members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our
 first general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we were not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year-end following our listing on Nasdaq.
 We held an Extraordinary Meeting and reelected Karen L. Finerman as a Class 1 director in satisfaction of the Nasdaq listing requirements. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Karen L. Finerman, was renewed at the
 Extraordinary Meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of James R. Blake and Galen C. Smith, will expire at the second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of
 Alexander J. Davis and David M. Tarnowski, will expire at the third annual general meeting.

Only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Holders of our public
 shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to the rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares to appoint
 directors may be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors,
 rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

Director Independence

The rules of Nasdaq require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of
 the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has
 determined that James R. Blake, Karen L. Finerman and Galen C. Smith are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only
 independent directors are present.

Officer and Director Compensation

None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing March 24, 2021, through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our
 liquidation, we have been obligated to pay our sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 15,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to us and other expenses and obligations of our sponsor.
 In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses and
 performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial
 business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to establish any additional controls governing our reimbursement payments to our
 directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no
 compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination.

63 

Table of
 Contents 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be
 fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any limit
 on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the
 directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either
 by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all
 of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us
 may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining
 factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. All of our committees are composed solely of independent
 directors. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation
 committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and
 responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website at www.disruptiveacquisitioncorp.com/corporate-governance/. The information included on or accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference
 into this Annual Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only.

Audit Committee

James R. Blake, Karen L. Finerman and Galen C. Smith serve as the members and Galen C. Smith serves as the chair of the audit committee. James R. Blake, Karen L. Finerman and Galen C. Smith are independent of and
 unaffiliated with our sponsor and underwriters of our initial public offering. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent.

James R. Blake, Karen L. Finerman and Galen C. Smith are financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Galen C. Smith qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable
 SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise.

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including:

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the
 performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any
 other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us;

64 

Table of
 Contents 

preapproving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing preapproval policies and procedures;
 reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence;

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the
 independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or
 investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to
 our entering into such transaction; and

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and
 any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.

Compensation Committee

James R. Blake, Karen L. Finerman and Galen C. Smith serve as the members and Karen L. Finerman serves as the chair of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, all the directors on the
 compensation committee must be independent.

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and
 determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer s based on such evaluation;

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation and equity-based remuneration plans;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees;

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

65 

Table of
 Contents 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the obligation to pay to an affiliate of our sponsor up to 15,000 per month
 following our initial public offering, until the earlier of our liquidation and the completion of an initial business combination, for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to us and other expenses
 and obligations of our sponsor, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any
 services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible
 for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination.

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly
 responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will
 consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

The members of our nominating and corporate governance are James R. Blake, Karen L. Finerman and Galen C. Smith, and James R. Blake serves as the chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Under the
 Nasdaq listing standards, all the directors on the nominating and corporate governance committee must be independent.

We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including:

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual
 general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors;

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines;

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary.

The charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates,
 and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms.

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board
 of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Prior
 to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors.

Athlete Advisory Council to the Board of Directors

As discussed in Item 1. Business Disruptive and the Athlete Advisory Council Athlete Advisory Council, we formed an advisory council of athletes who assist our management team with sourcing and evaluating business
 opportunities and marketing the products and services of any business that we acquire. Members of our Athlete Advisory Council may be added and removed under certain agreed-upon conditions. We have not and do not intend to enter into any formal
 arrangements or agreements with the members of our advisory council to provide services to us and they have no fiduciary obligations to present business opportunities to us.

66 

Table of
 Contents 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These
 reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022 there were no delinquent filers.

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees (our Code of Ethics ). Our Code of Ethics is a code of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K.
 If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Ethics applicable to our principal
 executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver
 on our website. Our Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.disruptiveacquisitioncorp.com/corporate-governance/. The information included on or accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or
 in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only.

Conflicts of Interest

All of our executive officers and certain of our directors have or may have fiduciary and contractual duties to certain companies in which they have invested. These entities may compete with us for acquisition
 opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing it. However, we do not expect these duties to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for an initial business
 combination.

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:

(i) 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;

(ii) 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;

(iii) 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;

(iv) 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;

(v) 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and

(vi) 

duty to exercise independent judgment.

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge,
 skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director.

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some
 instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the memorandum and
 articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.

67 

Table of
 Contents 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be
 required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
 fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by
 contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any
 potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors
 will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Below is a table summarizing the Disruptive-related and other entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations:

Individual

Entity/Organization

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Alexander J. Davis

Disruptive

Investment

Chief Executive Officer

The Giving Fund

Nonprofit

Chairman

Philip C. Caputo

Disruptive

Investment

Chief Financial Officer

David M. Tarnowski

Disruptive

Investment

Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer

Mardy S. Fish

Disruptive

Investment

Vice President, Business Development

Mardy Fish Children s Foundation

Nonprofit

Chairman

James R. Blake

The James Blake Foundation

Nonprofit

Chairman

Karen L. Finerman

Michael J. Fox Foundation

Nonprofit

Director

Metropolitan Capital Advisors, Inc.

Hedge Fund

Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer

Galen C. Smith

Seattle Pacific University Foundation

Nonprofit

Director

There are also other potential conflicts of interest:

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination
 and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to
 substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.

Our initial shareholders hold founder shares and private placement warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
 respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from
 the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the
 private placement warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof
 until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange
 or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary
 shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
 after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lockup.

68 

Table of
 Contents 

The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination.
 Because each of our officers and directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to
 effectuate our initial business combination.

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition
 to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or completing the business combination through a joint
 venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
 we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a
 financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any
 finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq, we
 have been obligated to pay our sponsor up to 15,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to us and other expenses and obligations of our sponsor.

We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.

In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
 to vote their founder shares, and they and the other members of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination.

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

As we are a Cayman Islands exempted company, the laws of the Cayman Islands will be relevant to the provisions relating to indemnification of our directors and officers. Although the Companies Act (As Revised) of the
 Cayman Islands does not specifically restrict a Cayman Islands exempted company s ability to indemnify its directors or officers, it does not expressly provide for such indemnification either. Certain Commonwealth case law (which is likely to be
 persuasive in the Cayman Islands), however, indicates that the indemnification is generally permissible, unless there had been wilful default, wilful neglect, breach of fiduciary duty, unconscionable behaviour or behaviour which falls within the
 broad stable of conduct identifiable as 'equitable fraud' on the part of the director or officer in question. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors out of our
 assets against any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and
 directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. We have also entered into indemnity agreements with them.

No such director or officer shall be liable to us for any loss or damage in carrying out their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such director or
 officer.

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they
 may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by
 us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination.

69 

Table of
 Contents 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the
 likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we
 pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation.

None of our officers or directors have received, or prior to our initial business combination will receive, any cash or non-cash compensation for services rendered to us. We are obligated to pay our sponsor up to
 15,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to us and other expenses and obligations of our sponsor. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be
 reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a
 quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their affiliates.

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined company. All
 compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the
 amount of such compensation will be known at the time because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the
 completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors.

We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may
 influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination should be a determining
 factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares available to us at February 14, 2023, with
 respect to our ordinary shares held by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of a class of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares;

each of our officers and directors; and

all our officers and directors as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial
 ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of February 14, 2023. The following table also does not give effect to the February 2023 Redemptions. As disclosed elsewhere in this Annual Report,
 as a result of the February 2023 Redemptions, there are currently 1,709,100 Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

70 

Table of
 Contents 

Class A ordinary shares

Class B ordinary shares(2)

Name of Beneficial Owners(1)

Number of

 Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned

Approximate

 Percentage of

 Class

Number of

 Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned

Approximate

 Percentage of

 Class

Approximate

 Percentage of

 Ordinary

 Shares

Hudson Bay Capital Management LP(3)

2,025,615

7.37

5.89

Millennium Management LLC(4)

1,683,680

6.10

4.89

Glazer Capital, LLC(5)

1,667,021

6.06

4.84

Entities affiliated with Farallon Funds(6)

1,400,000

5.09

4.07

Disruptive Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC(7)

6,740,000

98.04

19.61

Alexander J. Davis

20,000

Phillip C. Caputo

David M. Tarnowski

20,000

Mardy S. Fish

James R. Blake

30,000

Karen L. Finerman

35,000

Galen C. Smith

30,000

All directors and officers as a group (seven individuals)

135,000

1.96

Less than one 1 .

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities and individuals is 11501 Rock Rose Avenue, Suite 200, Austin, Texas 78758.

(2) 

Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following our initial business combination on a
 one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments.

(3) 

The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in this shareholder s Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act filed by such shareholder with the SEC. Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Hudson Bay serves as the
 investment manager to HB Strategies LLC and Hudson Bay SPAC Master Fund LP, in whose name the securities reported herein are held. As such, Hudson Bay may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all of our Class A ordinary shares held by
 HB Strategies LLC and Hudson Bay SPAC Master Fund LP. Sander Gerber serves as the managing member of Hudson Bay Capital GP LLC, which is the general partner of Hudson Bay. Mr. Gerber disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities. The
 address of Hudson Bay is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830.

(4) 

The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in this shareholder s Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act filed by such shareholder with the SEC. Millennium Group Management LLC serves as the managing member
 of Millennium Management LLC. Israel A. Englander serves as the sole voting trustee of the managing member. Mr. Englander disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities. The address of Millennium Group Management LLC is 399 Park
 Avenue, New York, New York 10022.

(5) 

The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in this shareholder s Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act filed by such shareholder with the SEC. Glazer Capital, LLC serves as the investment manager of
 Glazer Funds. Paul J. Glazer serves as the Managing Member of Glazer Capital. Mr. Glazer disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities. The address of Glazer Capital, LLC is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019.

(6) 

The information in the table above is based solely on information contained in these shareholders Schedule 13G under the Exchange Act filed by such shareholders with the SEC. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein
 shall have the meanings set forth in such shareholders Schedule 13G. Our Class A ordinary shares reported thereby for the respective Farallon Funds are held directly by the respective Farallon Funds. The Farallon General Partner, as the
 general partner of each of FCP, FCIP, FCIP II, FCIP III, FCOI II and FCAMI, and as the sole member of the FCIP V General Partner, may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of such Class A ordinary shares held by the Farallon Funds other than
 F5MI. The FCIP V General Partner, as the general partner of FCIP V, may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of such Class A ordinary shares held by FCIP V. The F5MI General Partner, as the general partner of F5MI, may be deemed to be a
 beneficial owner of such Class A ordinary shares held by F5MI. Each of the Farallon Individual Reporting Persons, as a managing member or senior managing member, as the case may be, of the Farallon General Partner, and as a manager or
 senior manager, as the case may be, of the FCIP V General Partner and the F5MI General Partner, in each case with the power to exercise investment discretion, may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of such Class A ordinary shares held by
 the Farallon Funds. Each of the Farallon General Partner, the FCIP V General Partner, the F5MI General Partner and the Farallon Individual Reporting Persons hereby disclaims any beneficial ownership of any such Class A ordinary shares.
 The address of the principal business office of each of the Reporting Persons is c/o Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C., One Maritime Plaza, Suite 2100, San Francisco, California 94111.

(7) 

Disruptive Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of such shares. Mr. Davis, Mr. Caputo and Mr. Tarnowski are members of our sponsor s board of managers (each, a manager ). Each manager of Disruptive Acquisition
 Sponsor I, LLC has one vote and the approval of a majority of the members of the board of managers is required to approve an action of Disruptive Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and dispositive
 decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more individuals, and a voting and dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of
 the entity s securities. This is the situation with regard to Disruptive Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no individual manager of Disruptive Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC exercises voting or dispositive control
 over any of the securities held by Disruptive Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC, even those in which he directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares and, for
 the avoidance of doubt, each of them expressly disclaims any such beneficial interest to the extent of any pecuniary interest any of them may have therein, directly or indirectly.

Following the February 2023 Redemptions, our initial shareholders and members of our management team collectively beneficially own more than 80 of
 the issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the representative shares). Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founders shares have the right to vote on the election of directors, and holders of a majority of
 our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. In addition, because of their ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively control the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by
 our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions.

71 

Table of
 Contents 

In connection with our initial public offering and the underwriters partial exercise of their overallotment option, our sponsor purchased an
 aggregate of 5,000,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. If we
 do not complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024 (as such deadline may be further extended pursuant to a shareholder vote), the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to
 fund the redemption of our public shares and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are subject to the transfer restrictions described below. The private placement warrants will not be redeemable by
 us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and
 exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial public offering. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part
 of the units in our initial public offering.

Our sponsor and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
 Independence for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters.

Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants

The founder shares, private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreement
 entered into by our sponsor and management team. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (i) in the case of the founder shares, until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial
 business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we
 complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property and (ii) in the case of the
 private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliate or
 family member of any of our officers or directors, any affiliate of our sponsor or to any member of our sponsor or any of their affiliates (b) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such person s immediate family or to a trust, the
 beneficiary of which is a member of such person s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person; (d) in the
 case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of a business
 combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware or our sponsor s limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor;
 (g) in the event of our liquidation prior to our consummation of our initial business combination; or (h) in the event that, subsequent to our consummation of an initial business combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or
 other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted
 transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements.

Registration Rights

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement
 warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement, dated March 26, 2021, requiring us to register
 such securities for resale. The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short-form registration demands, that we register such securities.

72 

Table of
 Contents 

In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to
 register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until
 termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (1) in the case of the founder shares, on the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x)
 if the last reported sale price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days
 within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share
 exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (2) in the case of the private placement
 warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Equity Compensation Plans

As of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities were authorized for issuance.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

On December 30, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. On March 8, 2021, our sponsor transferred 35,000 founder shares
 to Karen L. Finerman, our independent director, 30,000 founder shares to each of James R. Blake and Galen C. Smith, our independent directors, and 20,000 founder shares to each of Alexander J. Davis and David M. Tarnowski, our directors, in each
 case at their original purchase price. On May 10, 2021, in connection with the expiration of the underwriters overallotment option, our sponsor surrendered 312,500 founder shares. As a result, our sponsor now owns 6,740,000 founder shares. Our
 initial shareholders and members of our management team collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares as of our initial public offering.

In connection with our initial public offering and the underwriters partial exercise of their overallotment option, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,000,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per
 warrant. Each private placement warrant may be exercised for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
 of the private placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.

As more fully discussed in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls
 within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business
 combination opportunity to us. Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will
 be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity.

We entered into an administrative services agreement pursuant to which we are obligated to pay our sponsor up to 15,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided
 to us and other expenses and obligations of our sponsor. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying any of these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business
 combination takes until March 26, 2024, our sponsor will be paid an aggregate of up to approximately 540,000 15,000 per month) for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to us and other expenses and
 obligations of our sponsor and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses.

73 

Table of
 Contents 

Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
 businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their affiliates and will determine
 which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.

Our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 under an unsecured promissory note to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public
 offering. These loans were non-interest bearing and unsecured, and were repaid upon completion of the initial public offering out of the 1,000,000 of offering proceeds that had been allocated for the payment of offering expenses (other than
 underwriting commissions) not held in the trust account. The value of our sponsor s interest in this loan transaction corresponded to the principal amount outstanding under any such loan.

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not
 obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Any such loans may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be
 convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our sponsor. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or
 an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.

On November 15, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of up to 250,000 to an affiliate of our sponsor. The proceeds of the note, which may be drawn down from time to time until we consummate our
 initial business combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. The note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) twenty-four (24) months from the closing of our initial public offering (or such
 later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) or (ii) the consummation of the initial business combination. A failure to pay the principal within five business days
 of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the working capital note may be accelerated. On April 12, 2022, August 18, 2022 and April 17, 2023,
 we amended and restated the note in its entirety to increase the note s principal amount to 500,000, 750,000 and 1,500,000, respectively.

After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to
 our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
 offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.

We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any), which is described under the
 heading Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Registration Rights. 

74 

Table of
 Contents 

Related Party Policy

The audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of related party transactions. A related party transaction 
 is any consummated or proposed transaction or series of transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed) the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of
 the company s total assets at year-end for the prior two completed fiscal years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party had, has or will have a direct or
 indirect material interest. Related parties under this policy include: (i) our directors, nominees for director or officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; (iii) any immediate family
 member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who may be a related person pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will
 consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of
 the related party s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction contravenes our Code of Ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying the transaction to be in the best interests of
 the company and its shareholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may have on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s committees. Management will present to the audit
 committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the transaction in
 accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy does not permit any director or officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party.

Director Independence

The rules of Nasdaq require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of
 the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors
 determined that James R. Blake, Karen L. Finerman and Galen C. Smith are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only
 independent directors are present.

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The firm of Marcum LLP Marcum acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum for services rendered.

Audit Fees . During the period from December 29, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, no fees were paid to our independent registered public accounting firm. During the
 year ended December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 86,005 for the services Marcum performed in connection with our initial public offering, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the
 first, second and third fiscal quarter of 2021, the restatements of our audited balance sheet as of March 26, 2021 filed on May 27, 2021 and November 22, 2021, and the audit of our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31,
 2021 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 81,750 for the services Marcum performed
 in connection with our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the first, second and third fiscal quarter of 2022 and the audit of our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report.

Audit-Related Fees. During the period from December 29, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 and the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, our independent registered
 public accounting firm did not render assurance and services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements.

Tax Fees . During the period from December 29, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 and the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, our independent registered public
 accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.

All Other Fees . During the period from December 29, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 and the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, there were no fees billed for
 products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above.

Preapproval Policy

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not preapprove all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the
 formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will preapprove all auditing services and permitted non-audit services
 to be performed for us by our independent public registered accounting firm, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act, which are approved by the audit
 committee prior to the completion of the audit).

75 

Table of
 Contents 

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a)

The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:

(1)

Financial Statements:

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688)

F-2

Balance Sheet

F-3

Statement of Operations

F-4

Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit)

F-5

Statement of Cash Flows

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements

F-7 to F-21

(2)

Financial Statement Schedules:

None.

(3)

Exhibits

We hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F
 Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

Exhibit

 No.

Description

1.1

Underwriting Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as
 representative of the several underwriters (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

3.1

Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

4.1

Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 

4.2

Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253971) filed with the SEC on March 8, 2021) 

4.3

Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253971) filed with the SEC on March 8, 2021) 

4.4

Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253971) filed with the SEC on March 8, 2021) 

4.5

Warrant Agreement, dated March 26, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
 Company, as warrant agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.1

Letter Agreement, dated March 26, 2021, among the Company and its officers and directors and Disruptive
 Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

76 

Table of
 Contents 

Exhibit

 No.

Description 

10.2

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 26, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock
 Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.3

Amendment to Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 14, 2023, between the Company and
 Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023) 

10.4

Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 26, 2021, between the Company and certain security holders
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.5

Administrative Services Agreement, dated March 26, 2021, between the Company and Disruptive Acquisition
 Sponsor I, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.6

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 26, 2021, between the Company and Disruptive
 Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.7

Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Alexander J. Davis (incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.8

Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Phillip C. Caputo (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.9

Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and David M. Tarnowski (incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.10

Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Mardy S. Fish (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.11

Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and James R. Blake (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.12

Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Karen L. Finerman (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.13

Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Galen C. Smith (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.14

Third Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated April 17, 2023, issued by
 Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I to an affiliate of Disruptive Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC 

31.1

Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
 Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2

Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

77 

Table of
 Contents 

Exhibit

 No.

Description 

32.1

Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
 Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2

Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

101.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

Filed herewith.

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed
 incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable.

78 

Table of
 Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized, on April 17, 2023.

Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I

By:

/s/ Alexander J. Davis

Name: Alexander J. Davis

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacity and on the dates indicated.

Name

Position

Date

/s/ Alexander J. Davis

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer)

April 17, 2023

Alexander J. Davis

/s/ Phillip C. Caputo

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

April 17, 2023

Phillip C. Caputo

/s/ David M. Tarnowski

Director

April 17, 2023

David M. Tarnowski

/s/ James R. Blake

Director

April 17, 2023

James R. Blake

/s/ Karen L. Finerman

Director

April 17, 2023

Karen L. Finerman

/s/ Galen C. Smith

Director

April 17, 2023

Galen C. Smith

79 

Table of
 Contents 

DISRUPTIVE ACQUISITION CORPORATION I

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688 

F-2

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets 

F-3

Statements of Operations 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 to F-21

F-1 

Table of
 Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
 Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the
 financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions
 raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
 of this uncertainty

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
 statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
 securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
 of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we
 express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
 procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021.

April 17, 2023

F-2 

Table of
 Contents 

DISRUPTIVE ACQUISITION CORPORATION I

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Prepaid expenses non-current

Marketable securities held in trust account

Total assets

Liabilities, redeemable ordinary shares and shareholders deficit

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Due to related party 

Promissory note related party 

Total current liabilities

Warrant liabilities

Promissory note - related party - long term 

Deferred underwriting discount

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 6)

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 
 shares at redemption value of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders deficit:

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding, excluding shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total shareholders deficit

Total liabilities, redeemable ordinary shares and shareholders deficit

See accompanying notes to the financial statements

F-3 

Table of
 Contents 

DISRUPTIVE ACQUISITION CORPORATION I 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the year ended

 December 31, 2022 

For the year ended

December 31, 2021 

Formation and operating costs

Loss from operations

Other income:

Dividend earned on trust account

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Offering expenses related to warrant issuance

Total other income, net

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.

F-4 

Table of
 Contents 

DISRUPTIVE ACQUISITION CORPORATION I

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 

DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

Ordinary Shares

Total

Class B

Additional Paid-

Accumulated

Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

In Capital

Deficit

Equity (Deficit)

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Private placement warrants

Forfeiture of founder shares pursuant to expiration of over-allotment option

Initial value of over-allotment private warrant liabilities

Remeasurement of adjusted value of Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption value

Net income

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of adjusted value of Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption value

Net income

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.

F-5 

Table of
 Contents 

DISRUPTIVE ACQUISITION CORPORATION I

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended

 December 31, 2022

For the year ended

December 31, 2021

Cash Flows from operating activities:

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities:

Formation costs paid by Sponsor 

Dividend earned on trust account

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Offering costs allocated to warrants

Changes in current assets and current liabilities:

Prepaid assets

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Due to related party 

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Investment of cash into trust account

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriters discount

Proceeds from sale of option units to underwriters

Proceeds from issuance of private placement warrants

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note 

Repayment of debt to related party 

Payments of offering costs

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash - Beginning

Cash - Ending

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities:

Initial value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Initial value of warrant liabilities

Deferred underwriting discount payable charged to additional paid-in capital

Remeasurement of adjusted value of Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption value

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.

F-6 

Table of
 Contents 

DISRUPTIVE ACQUISITION CORPORATION I 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 
 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares ), and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the Company (the Public Warrants ),
 each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase Class A Ordinary Share for per share. The Units were sold at a price of 
 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of .

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants , and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants to Disruptive Acquisition
 Sponsor I, LLC (the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company
 of .

-day option from the date of the prospectus (the Over-Allotment Option to purchase up to 
 additional units to cover over-allotments (the Option Units ), if any. On May 5, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional 
 Option Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the Over-Allotment Option. The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per
 Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . Also in connection with the partial exercise of the
 Over-Allotment Option, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of .

from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering has been placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ). On May 6, 2021, in connection with the partial exercise of
 the Over-Allotment Option, an additional from the net proceeds of the sale of the Option Units was placed in the Trust Account,
 for an aggregate of of net proceeds placed in the Trust Account. The proceeds are invested in U.S. government securities,
 within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money
 market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations,
 the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (a) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any
 public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (c) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial
 Business Combination within months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited
 in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public shareholders.

F-7 

Table of
 Contents 

public shares properly exercised their
 right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of .

or more initial Business
 Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred
 underwriting discount and taxes payable at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post transaction
 company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
 the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully.

per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering,
 including the proceeds of the Private Placement Warrants, will be held in the Trust Account and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule
 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The Company will not be permitted to withdraw any of the principal or interest held in the Trust Account, except for the withdrawal of interest to
 pay the Company s taxes and up to to pay dissolution expenses, as applicable, if any, until the earliest of (i) the completion of
 the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 
 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as such period may be extended pursuant to a shareholder vote, the Combination Period ), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the public shares properly submitted in
 connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the
 initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination
 within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. On February 14, 2023, the Company held the Extraordinary Meeting. At the Extraordinary
 Meeting, the Company s shareholders approved, among other things, an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date that the Company has to consummate an initial Business Combination from
 March 26, 2023 to March 26, 2024 or such earlier date as shall be determined by the Company s board of directors and publicly announced by the Company. In connection with the shareholders vote at the Extraordinary Meeting, the holders of public shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of .

F-8 

Table of
 Contents 

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the
 Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.

of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
 distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
 subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii),to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

of its public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any
 other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails to
 complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
 Business Combination within the Combination Period and (iv) vote any Founder Shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of
 the initial Business Combination.

per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in
 the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of
 the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such
 waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities

Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company
 believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims
 by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

F-9 

Table of
 Contents 

available for working capital needs. All remaining cash held in the Trust Account are generally unavailable for the Company s use, prior to an initial Business Combination, and is restricted for use either in a Business Combination or to redeem
 ordinary shares. As of December 31, 2022, none of the amount in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as described above.

to an affiliate of the Sponsor. The proceeds of the Note, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its initial Business Combination, will
 be used for general working capital purposes. The Note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) twenty-four 
 ) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the
 Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) or (ii) the consummation of the initial Business Combination. A failure to pay the principal within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the Note
 may be accelerated. On April 12, 2022, the Company amended and restated the Note in its entirety to increase the Note s principal amount to .
 On August 18, 2022, the Company further amended and restated the Note in its entirety to increase the Note s principal amount to .
 The Company intends to increase the principal of the Note in future periods to alleviate liquidity concerns, if necessary. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and borrowings outstanding under the Note,
 respectively. On April 17, 2023, the Note was further amended and restated to increase its principal amount to .

months from the
 closing of the Initial Public Offering (as such period may be extended pursuant to a shareholder vote) to complete its initial Business Combination. If the Company has not completed its initial Business Combination within this Combination Period,
 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten 
 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and
 up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
 completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
 to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and its board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, and subject to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), provide for claims of creditors
 and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company does not complete its initial
 Business Combination within the Combination Period.

F-10 

Table of
 Contents 

F-11 

Table of
 Contents 

and held in marketable securities, respectively. All of the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on
 the balance sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of investments held in Trust Account are included in interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account in the
 accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in Trust Account are determined using available market information.

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary
 equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. In connection with the shareholders vote at the Extraordinary Meeting, the holders of Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of .
 As a result, there are currently Class A ordinary shares outstanding.

F-12 

Table of
 Contents 

potential ordinary shares for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s shares were excluded
 from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income
 per ordinary share for the periods. 

Denominator:

Weighted-average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per share

have been charged to shareholders equity (consisting of of an underwriting discount, 
 of a deferred underwriting discount and of other offering costs). Of the total offering costs, is part of non-operating expense in the statement of operations and the rest of the offering costs were charged to shareholders equity. The
 transaction costs were allocated based on the relative fair value basis, compared to the total offering proceeds, between the fair value of the public warrant liabilities and the Class A Ordinary Shares.

ordinary share
 warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering ), Private Placement ), and partial exercise of the Over-Allotment Option )
 as derivative warrant liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject
 to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The fair value of warrants issued by the Company in connection with the Initial Public Offering,
 Private Placement and partial exercise of the Over-Allotment Option has been estimated using Monte-Carlo simulations at each measurement date.

F-13 

Table of
 Contents 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest
 and penalties as of December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

Units, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, par value per share and one-third of one Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share.

option from the date of the prospectus to purchase up to 
 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any. On May 5, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Option Units
 pursuant to the partial exercise of the Over-Allotment Option. The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit,
 generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of .

and the aggregate gross proceeds are .

Class A ordinary shares sold as part
 of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in
 connection with certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the
 control of the Company require ordinary share subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity.

F-14 

Table of Contents 

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Ordinary share issuance costs

Plus:

Remeasurement of adjusted value of Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption value

Contingently redeemable ordinary shares at December 31, 2021

Plus:

Remeasurement of adjusted value of Class A Ordinary Shares to redemption value

Contingently redeemable ordinary shares at December 31, 2022

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per
 warrant in the aggregate), each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase share of Class A Ordinary Shares at a price of per
 share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from this offering to be held in the Trust Account.

Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per
 Warrant.

and the aggregate proceeds are .

F-15 

Table of
 Contents 

, or
 approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for shares of Class B Ordinary Shares, par value (the
 Founder Shares ). Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the
 underwriters Over-Allotment Option was exercised. On May 5, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the Over-Allotment Option, which left 
 Founder Shares no longer subject to forfeiture and resulted in aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. On March 8, 2021, the
 Sponsor transferred an aggregate of of previously acquired Class B Ordinary Shares to the Company s directors, in each case at
 their original purchase price.

after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the Company completes
 a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other
 property; except to certain permitted transferees and under certain circumstances (the Lock-Up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at
 least days after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business
 Combination which results in the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares will be released from the Lock-Up.

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The loan was repaid upon the
 closing of the Initial Public Offering out of the offering proceeds that had been allocated to the payment of offering expenses. 

to DTA Master, LLC, a Delaware limited-liability company, a related party and an affiliate of the Sponsor. The proceeds of the Note, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its initial Business Combination, will be
 used for general working capital purposes. The Note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) twenty-four )
 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) or (ii) the consummation of the initial
 Business Combination. A failure to pay the principal within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of a
 voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the Note may be accelerated. On April 12, 2022, the Company amended and restated the Note to increase the Note s principal amount to . On August 18, 2022, the Company further amended and restated the Note to increase the Note s principal amount to . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 
 and outstanding under the Note, respectively. On April 17, 2023, the Note was further amended and restated to increase its
 principal amount to . 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants at a
 price of per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December
 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.

per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the Company s management team. Upon completion of the initial
 Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and accrued of administrative support services fees, and for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and accrued of administrative support services fees. 

F-16 

Table of
 Contents 

units of their Over-Allotment Option and 
 of working capital loans are converted into Private Placement Warrants, the Company will be obligated to register up to Class A
 Ordinary Shares and warrants. The number of Class A Ordinary Shares includes (i) Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Founder Shares, (ii) Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants and (iii) 
 Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
 statements filed subsequent to the Company s completion of its initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

option from
 the date of the Prospectus to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On May 5, 2021, the
 underwriters partially exercised the Over-Allotment Option to purchase an additional units and forfeited the remainder.

 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, or . Additionally, the
 underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the partial
 exercise of the Over-Allotment Option upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, or an aggregate of .

and have been recorded and presented within accrued expenses within the accompanying balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively.

preference shares at par value of each. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference
 shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares at par value of each. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 shares of Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding, all of which are subject to possible redemption. 

Class B Ordinary Shares at par value of each. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 Class B Ordinary Shares issued or outstanding. 

F-17 

Table of
 Contents 

basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the
 number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, of the total number of
 Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A Ordinary Shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A Ordinary Shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon
 conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked
 securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of
 Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for- basis.

Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. In addition, if (x) the Company issues
 additional Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and in
 the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross
 proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the
 initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A Ordinary Shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market

Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of
 the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

days after the
 completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and will expire after the completion of its initial Business
 Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, it will use its
 commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which the Prospectus forms a part or a new registration statement registering, under the Securities Act, the issuance of the Class A
 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating
 thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company
 will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s Class A Ordinary
 Shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require
 holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, it will not be required to file or maintain an effective
 registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

F-18 

Table of
 Contents 

per warrant;

days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

per share (as adjusted for
 adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described in the Prospectus under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments for
 any trading days within a -trading

day period ending three business days before the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

per warrant;

days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise
 price of a warrant as described in the Prospectus under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments and

per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise
 or the exercise price of a warrant as described in the Prospectus under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments ), the Private Placement Warrants must also concurrently be called
 for redemption on the same terms (except as described herein with respect to a holder s ability to cashless exercise its warrants) as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above.

trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of
 warrants.

F-19 

Table of
 Contents 

Liabilities:

Public Warrants 

Private Warrants 

Total 

Total 

Liabilities:

Public Warrants 

Private Warrants 

Total 

F-20 

Table of
 Contents 

Strike price

Term (in years)

Volatility

Risk-free rate

Dividend yield

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares properly
 exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate
 redemption amount of . 

. 

F-21 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 brhc10049995_ex3-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 3.1

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

 OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

 COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

 MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

DISRUPTIVE ACQUISITION CORPORATION

 (adopted by special resolution dated 23 March 2021 and effective on 23 March 2021, as amended by special resolution dated February 14, 2023)

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

OF

DISRUPTIVE ACQUISITION CORPORATION I

(adopted by special resolution dated 23 March 2021 and effective on 23 March 2021)

1 
 
 The name of the Company is Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I

2 
 
 The Registered Office of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within the Cayman Islands as the Directors
 may decide.

3 
 
 The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands.

4 
 
 The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such Member's shares.

5 
 
 The share capital of the Company is US 22,100 divided into 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each and 1,000,000 preference shares of a
 par value of US 0.0001 each.

6 
 
 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

7 
 
 Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company.

1 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

DISRUPTIVE ACQUISITION CORPORATION I

 (adopted by special resolution dated 23 March 2021 and effective on 23 March 2021, as amended by special resolution dated February 14, 2023)

1 
 
 INTERPRETATION

1.1 
 
 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith:

Affiliate 

in respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall
 include, without limitation, such person s spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in such person s home, a trust
 for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any natural
 person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity.

Applicable Law 

means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Articles 

means these amended and restated articles of association of the Company.

Audit Committee 

means the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Auditor 

means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any).

Business Combination 

means a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target

business ), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the Company's securities are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, must occur with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80
 per cent of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of
 signing the agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be effectuated solely with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

2 

business day 

means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City.

Clearing House 

means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Class A Share 

means a class A ordinary share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Class B Share 

means a class B ordinary share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Company 

means the above named company.

Company s Website 

means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name, if any.

Compensation Committee 

means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Designated Stock Exchange 

means any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Directors 

means the directors for the time being of the Company.

Dividend 

means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles.

Electronic Communication 

means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Company s Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other
 electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors.

Electronic Record 

has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act.

Electronic Transactions Act 

means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Equity-linked Securities 

means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of
 equity or debt.

Exchange Act 

means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the
 time.

Founders 

means all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Independent Director 

has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

IPO 

means the Company's initial public offering of securities.

Member 

has the same meaning as in the Statute.

Memorandum 

means the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company.

3 

Nominating and Corporate 

 Governance Committee 

means the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Officer 

means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company.

Ordinary Resolution 

means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the
 majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles.

Over-Allotment Option 

means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15 per cent of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US 10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

Preference Share 

means a preference share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Public Share 

means a Class A Share issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO.

Redemption Notice 

means a notice in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein.

Register of Members 

means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members.

Registered Office 

means the registered office for the time being of the Company.

Representative 

means a representative of the Underwriters.

Seal 

means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal.

Securities and Exchange 

 Commission 

means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Share 

means a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company.

Special Resolution 

subject to Article 29.4, has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution.

Sponsor 

means Disruptive Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors or assigns.

Statute 

means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Treasury Share 

means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute.

Trust Account 

means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of warrants
 simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited.

Underwriter 

means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter.

1.2 
 
 In the Articles:

(a) 
 
 words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa;

4 

(b) 
 
 words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender;

(c) 
 
 words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(d) 
 
 written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) 
 
 shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(f) 
 
 references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(g) 
 
 any phrase introduced by the terms including , include , in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(h) 
 
 the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to
 be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(i) 
 
 headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the Articles;

(j) 
 
 any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic Record;

(k) 
 
 any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act;

(l) 
 
 sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply;

(m) 
 
 the term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect; and

(n) 
 
 the term holder in relation to a Share means a person whose name is entered in the Register of Members as the holder of such Share.

2 
 
 Commencement of Business

2.1 
 
 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the Directors shall see fit.

2.2 
 
 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred in or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

3 
 
 Issue of Shares and other Securities

3.1 
 
 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the Company in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and
 Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise
 dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return of capital or otherwise and to such persons,
 at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares
 (including fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Share Conversion set out in the Articles.

5 

3.2 
 
 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in
 the Company on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine.

3.3 
 
 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders
 thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant
 to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the Representative determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having
 filed a current report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the Company's receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of the IPO (and, if the Underwriters'
 Over-Allotment Option is exercised following the filing of such current report on Form 8-K, a second or amended current report on 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the Underwriters'
 Over-Allotment Option) and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded on or promptly after the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO, but the securities comprising
 such units cannot be traded separately from one another.

3.4 
 
 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

4 
 
 Register of Members

4.1 
 
 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Statute.

4.2 
 
 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall constitute the principal register
 and which shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

5 
 
 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date

5.1 
 
 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a
 determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, after notice has been given by advertisement in an appointed newspaper or any other newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the
 Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall be closed for transfers for a stated period
 which shall not in any case exceed forty days.

5.2 
 
 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members
 or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose.

5.3 
 
 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of a Dividend or other
 distribution, the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend or other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such
 determination of Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof.

6 

6 
 
 Certificates for Shares

6.1 
 
 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share
 certificates shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates to be issued with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates
 for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled and, subject to the Articles, no new
 certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and cancelled.

6.2 
 
 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by more than one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them.

6.3 
 
 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating evidence,
 as the Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate.

6.4 
 
 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member or other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate lost or delayed in the
 course of delivery.

6.5 
 
 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other
 competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to
 refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with the Company.

7 

Transfer of Shares 

7.1 
 
 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his Shares by an instrument of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
 and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant to the Articles on terms
 that one cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such option or warrant.

7.2 
 
 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other
 competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the
 transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the Directors may approve from time to time.
 The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members.

8 
 
 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares

8.1 
 
 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
 Applicable Law, the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company. The redemption of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and upon
 such other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution, determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

7 

(a) 
 
 Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in the Business Combination Article hereof;

(b) 
 
 Class B Shares held by the Founders shall be surrendered by the Founders for no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the number of Class B Shares will equal 20 per cent of the
 Company's issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement simultaneously with the IPO); and

(c) 
 
 Public Shares shall be repurchased by the Company in the circumstances set out in the Business Combination Article hereof.

8.2 
 
 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
 Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors may agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases
 and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members.

8.3 
 
 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.4 
 
 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share.

9 
 
 Treasury Shares

9.1 
 
 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share.

9.2 
 
 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration).

10 
 
 Variation of Rights of Shares

10.1 
 
 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of
 that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect
 upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two thirds of the issued Shares of that class (other than with respect to a waiver of the provisions of the
 Class B Share Conversion Article hereof, which as stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued Shares of that class), or with the approval of a resolution passed by a majority of
 not less than two thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not have a material
 adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis, except that the necessary quorum shall
 be one person holding or representing by proxy at least one third of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll.

10.2 
 
 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares would be affected in the same way by
 the proposals under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares.

10.3 
 
 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by the
 creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights.

8 

11 

Commission on Sale of Shares 

The Company may, in so far as the Statute permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally) or procuring or agreeing to
 procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares pay such
 brokerage as may be lawful.

12 
 
 Non Recognition of Trusts

The Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the
 Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder.

13 
 
 Lien on Shares

13.1 
 
 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not) registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities or engagements to or with the
 Company (whether presently payable or not) by such Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any other person, whether a Member or not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the
 provisions of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Company's lien thereon. The Company's lien on a Share shall also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share.

13.2 
 
 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within fourteen clear days after notice
 has been received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied
 with the Shares may be sold.

13.3 
 
 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser or his nominee shall be
 registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the
 sale or the exercise of the Company's power of sale under the Articles.

13.4 
 
 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject to a like lien for sums not
 presently payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale.

14 
 
 Call on Shares

14.1 
 
 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium), and each Member shall (subject
 to receiving at least fourteen clear days' notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as
 the Directors may determine. A call may be required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the
 call was made.

14.2 
 
 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising such call was passed.

14.3 
 
 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof.

14.4 
 
 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person from whom it is due shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such rate as the Directors may determine
 (and in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part.

9 

14.5 
 
 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not paid all the provisions of
 the Articles shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

14.6 
 
 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of calls, or the interest to be paid.

14.7 
 
 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until the amount would otherwise become payable) pay
 interest at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance.

14.8 
 
 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such amount would, but for such
 payment, become payable.

15 
 
 Forfeiture of Shares

15.1 
 
 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors may give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days' notice requiring payment of the amount unpaid together
 with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in
 respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

15.2 
 
 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends,
 other distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture.

15.3 
 
 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms
 as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person.

15.4 
 
 A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall remain liable to pay to the Company
 all monies which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such rate as the Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company shall
 have received payment in full of all monies due and payable by him in respect of those Shares.

15.5 
 
 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer that a Share has been forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the
 Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the person to whom the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of
 the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the Share.

15.6 
 
 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the par value of the Share or by way of
 premium as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

10 

16 
 
 Transmission of Shares

16.1 
 
 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder), or his legal personal representatives (where he was a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to his Shares. The
 estate of a deceased Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he was a joint or sole holder.

16.2 
 
 Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced as may be required by the
 Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some person nominated by him registered as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another person
 registered as the holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case
 of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution, as the case may be.

16.3 
 
 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other distributions and other
 advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member in respect of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation
 to general meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some person nominated by him be registered as the holder of the Share (but
 the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or
 dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within ninety days of being received or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter
 withhold payment of all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.

17 

Class B Share Conversion 

17.1 
 
 The rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects, and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters (subject to the Variation of Rights
 of Shares Article and the Appointment and Removal of Directors Article hereof) with the exception that the holder of a Class B Share shall have the conversion rights referred to in this Article.

17.2 
 
 Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio automatically on the day of the closing of a Business Combination.

17.3 
 
 Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares or any other Equity-linked Securities, are issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall
 automatically convert into Class A Shares at the time of the closing of a Business Combination at a ratio for which the Class B Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the Class B
 Shares in issue agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an
 as-converted basis, 20 per cent of the sum of all Class A Shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A Shares pursuant to the Business Combination Article), including the total number of
 Class A Shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any Equity-linked Securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the Business
 Combination, excluding any Class A Shares or Equity-linked Securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A Shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to the
 Sponsor, Officers or Directors upon conversion of working capital loans.

17.4 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A Shares or Equity-linked
 Securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate class in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article
 hereof.

11 

17.5 
 
 The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by share split, subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or combination (by reverse
 share split, share consolidation, exchange, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the
 original filing of the Articles without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue.

17.6 
 
 Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article. The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B Share shall convert into such
 number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this
 Article and the denominator of which shall be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion.

17.7 
 
 References in this Article to converted , conversion or exchange shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application of such redemption
 proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A
 Shares to be issued as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct.

17.8 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event may any Class B Share convert into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one.

18 

Amendments of Memorandum and Articles of Association and Alteration of Capital 

18.1 
 
 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) 
 
 increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights, priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine;

(b) 
 
 consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares;

(c) 
 
 convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares of any denomination;

(d) 
 
 by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share capital into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value; and

(e) 
 
 cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled.

18.2 
 
 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise
 as the Shares in the original share capital.

18.3 
 
 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution and Article 29.4, the Company may by Special Resolution:

(a) 
 
 change its name;

(b) 
 
 alter or add to the Articles;

12 

(c) 
 
 alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein; and

(d) 
 
 reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund.

19 
 
 Offices and Places of Business

Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may, in addition to its Registered Office, maintain such other
 offices or places of business as the Directors determine.

20 
 
 General Meetings

20.1 
 
 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings.

20.2 
 
 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute) be obliged to, in each year hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it. Any annual general
 meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented.

20.3 
 
 The Directors, the chief executive officer, the secretary or the chairman of the board of Directors may call general meetings, and they shall on a Members' requisition forthwith proceed to convene an extraordinary general meeting of
 the Company.

20.4 
 
 Members seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for appointment as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices of the Company not less
 than 120 calendar days before the date of the Company s proxy statement released to shareholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual meeting the previous year, or if the date
 of this year s annual meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the previous year s meeting, then the deadline shall be set by the board of Directors with such deadline being a reasonable time before the Company
 begins to print and send its related proxy materials.

21 
 
 Notice of General Meetings

21.1 
 
 At least five clear days' notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be conducted at the general meeting and shall
 be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given
 and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) 
 
 in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and

(b) 
 
 in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per cent in par value of the Shares giving that
 right.

21.2 
 
 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non receipt of notice of a general meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings of that general meeting.

22 

Proceedings at General Meetings 

22.1 
 
 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. The holders of a majority of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly
 authorised representative or proxy shall be a quorum.

13 

22.2 
 
 A person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a person in a
 general meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting.

22.3 
 
 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by or on behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings (or,
 being corporations or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

22.4 
 
 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other day, time and/or
 place as the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum.

22.5 
 
 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint any person to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any such appointment, the chairman, if
 any, of the board of Directors shall preside as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling
 to act, the Directors present shall elect one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

22.6 
 
 If no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the
 meeting.

22.7 
 
 The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any
 adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

22.8 
 
 When a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of an adjourned meeting.

22.9 
 
 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the Directors, in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general meeting at
 the place, the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another place, day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the
 rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members. No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting.

22.10 
 
 When a general meeting is postponed for thirty days or more, notice of the postponed meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of a postponed meeting.
 All proxy forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a general meeting which has already been postponed.

22.11 
 
 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll.

22.12 
 
 A poll shall be taken as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded.

22.13 
 
 A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairman of the general meeting directs,
 and any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll.

22.14 
 
 In the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

14 

23 
 
 Votes of Members

23.1 
 
 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including as set out at Article 29.4, every Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which he is the holder.

23.2 
 
 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy), shall be
 accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders stand in the Register of Members.

23.3 
 
 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Member's behalf appointed by that court,
 and any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy.

23.4 
 
 No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he is registered as a Member on the record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by him in respect of Shares have been paid.

23.5 
 
 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting or adjourned general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be
 valid. Any objection made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

23.6 
 
 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy or the same proxy under one or
 more instruments to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number of Shares in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes.

23.7 
 
 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of his Shares in the same way on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from
 voting a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed under one or more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed
 either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed.

24 
 
 Proxies

24.1 
 
 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other non natural person, under the
 hand of its duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member.

24.2 
 
 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited and the place and the
 time (being not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from
 the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours
 before the time appointed for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote.

24.3 
 
 The chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted, or which has not been declared to
 have been duly deposited by the chairman, shall be invalid.

24.4 
 
 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof or generally until revoked. An
 instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll.

15 

24.5 
 
 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or
 the transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general
 meeting, or adjourned meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy.

25 
 
 Corporate Members

25.1 
 
 Any corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person as
 it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as the
 corporation could exercise if it were an individual Member.

25.2 
 
 If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided
 that the authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly
 authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered holder of such Shares held by the Clearing
 House (or its nominee(s)).

26 
 
 Shares that May Not be Voted

Shares in the Company that are beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding Shares at any
 given time.

27 
 
 Directors

27.1 
 
 There shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than one person provided however that the Company may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in the number of Directors.

27.2 
 
 The Directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. The number of Directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Upon the adoption of the Articles, the existing Directors shall by
 resolution classify themselves as Class I, Class II or Class III Directors. The Class I Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s first annual general meeting, the Class II Directors shall stand appointed for
 a term expiring at the Company s second annual general meeting and the Class III Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Company s third annual general meeting. Commencing at the Company s first annual general
 meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter, Directors appointed to succeed those Directors whose terms expire shall be appointed for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their
 appointment. Except as the Statute or other Applicable Law may otherwise require, in the interim between annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings called for the appointment of Directors and/or the removal of one or more
 Directors and the filling of any vacancy in that connection, additional Directors and any vacancies in the board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal of Directors for cause, may be filled by the vote of
 a majority of the remaining Directors then in office, although less than a quorum (as defined in the Articles), or by the sole remaining Director. All Directors shall hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of office
 and until their successors shall have been appointed and qualified. A Director appointed to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the Director
 whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until his successor shall have been appointed and qualified.

28 
 
 Powers of Directors

28.1 
 
 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may exercise all the powers of the
 Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly
 convened meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors.

16 

28.2 
 
 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed as the case
 may be in such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution.

28.3 
 
 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to his widow or dependants and may make
 contributions to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance.

28.4 
 
 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof and to issue debentures, debenture
 stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party.

29 
 
 Appointment and Removal of Directors

29.1 
 
 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares remove
 any Director. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the closing of a Business Combination, holders of Class A Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director.

29.2 
 
 The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed by or in accordance with the
 Articles as the maximum number of Directors.

29.3 
 
 After the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director.

29.4 
 
 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, Article 29.1 may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 per cent of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are
 allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given, or by way of unanimous written resolution.

30 
 
 Vacation of Office of Director

The office of a Director shall be vacated if:

(a) 
 
 the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director; or

(b) 
 
 the Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy) from three consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors, and the Directors pass a
 resolution that he has by reason of such absence vacated office; or

(c) 
 
 the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors generally; or

(d) 
 
 the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or

(e) 
 
 all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in
 accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors.

17 

31 
 
 Proceedings of Directors

31.1 
 
 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors, and unless so fixed shall be two if there are two or more Directors, and shall be one if there is only one Director.

31.2 
 
 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman
 shall have a second or casting vote.

31.3 
 
 A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each
 other at the same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the
 chairman is located at the start of the meeting.

31.4 
 
 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal of any Director or the vacation
 of office by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case
 may be, duly convened and held.

31.5 
 
 A Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director shall, call a meeting of the Directors by at least two days' notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set forth the general nature of the business to be
 considered unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held. To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company
 to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis.

31.6 
 
 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as
 the necessary quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other
 purpose.

31.7 
 
 The Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he is to hold office; but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after the time
 appointed for the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

31.8 
 
 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director, and/or that they or any of them
 were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and/or not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had
 been entitled to vote, as the case may be.

31.9 
 
 A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors by a proxy appointed in writing by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes be deemed to be that of the
 appointing Director.

32 
 
 Presumption of Assent

A Director who is present at a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the
 minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent from such action with the person acting as the chairman or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered post to such
 person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director who voted in favour of such action.

18 

33 
 
 Directors' Interests

33.1 
 
 A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office of Auditor) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration and otherwise as the
 Directors may determine.

33.2 
 
 A Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm in a professional capacity for the Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he were not a Director.

33.3 
 
 A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise interested in any company promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting party or otherwise, and no such
 Director shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by him as a director or officer of, or from his interest in, such other company.

33.4 
 
 No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented by such office from contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or any contract or transaction entered
 into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit
 realised by or arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract
 or transaction in which he is interested provided that the nature of the interest of any Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon.

33.5 
 
 A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer or employee of any specified firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company shall be sufficient disclosure for the
 purposes of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest, and after such general notice it shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction.

34 
 
 Minutes

The Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings of the Company or the holders of any class of
 Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including the names of the Directors present at each meeting.

35 
 
 Delegation of Directors' Powers

35.1 
 
 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation, the Audit Committee, the
 Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and
 any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are
 capable of applying.

35.2 
 
 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any person to be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member of such committees, local boards or
 agencies. Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors.
 Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

19 

35.3 
 
 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees. Each of these committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as
 the Directors may delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
 Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of Directors as the Directors shall from time to time determine
 (or such minimum number as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
 Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall be made up of such number of
 Independent Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
 Law.

35.4 
 
 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person to be the agent of the Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the exclusion of their own powers and may
 be revoked by the Directors at any time.

35.5 
 
 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised signatory of the Company for such
 purpose and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers
 of attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney
 or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him.

35.6 
 
 The Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary on such terms, at such remuneration and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the Directors may think fit.
 Unless otherwise specified in the terms of his appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution of the Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate his office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns
 his office.

36 
 
 No Minimum Shareholding

The Company in general meeting may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification is fixed a Director is not required to hold Shares.

37 
 
 Remuneration of Directors

37.1 
 
 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors shall determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the Company prior to the consummation of a
 Business Combination. The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their
 attendance at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise in connection with the business of
 the Company or the discharge of their duties as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other.

37.2 
 
 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director. Any fees paid to a Director who is also
 counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition to his remuneration as a Director.

38 
 
 Seal

38.1 
 
 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument to which the Seal has been
 affixed shall be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person appointed by the Directors for the purpose.

20 

38.2 
 
 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors so determine, with the addition on
 its face of the name of every place where it is to be used.

38.3 
 
 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority of the Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required to be authenticated by him under seal or
 to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever.

39 
 
 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve

39.1 
 
 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue and authorise payment of the
 Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such
 Dividend specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the share premium account or as otherwise
 permitted by law.

39.2 
 
 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued on terms providing that it
 shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly.

39.3 
 
 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums of money (if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise.

39.4 
 
 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares, debentures, or securities of
 any other company or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the
 value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such
 specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors.

39.5 
 
 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions that may be required
 and how any costs involved are to be met.

39.6 
 
 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the
 Company and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company.

39.7 
 
 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the registered address of the holder
 or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or
 warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions, bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the
 Share held by them as joint holders.

39.8 
 
 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company.

39.9 
 
 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may, in the discretion of the Directors,
 be paid into a separate account in the Company's name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member. Any
 Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company.

21 

40 
 
 Capitalisation

The Directors may at any time capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Company's reserve accounts or funds (including the share premium account and capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum
 standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution; appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such Members had the same been a distribution
 of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event
 the Directors shall do all acts and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including
 provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the Members interested into an agreement with the Company
 providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company.

41 
 
 Books of Account

41.1 
 
 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received and expended by the Company and
 the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five
 years from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs and to explain
 its transactions.

41.2 
 
 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of Members not being
 Directors and no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting.

41.3 
 
 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts as may be required by law.

42 
 
 Audit

42.1 
 
 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the Directors determine.

42.2 
 
 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the rules and regulations
 of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of
 the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with
 the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every
 financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

42.3 
 
 If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit
 Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest.

22 

42.4 
 
 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

42.5 
 
 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the Directors shall fill the
 vacancy and determine the remuneration of such Auditor.

42.6 
 
 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such information and explanation as may be
 necessary for the performance of the duties of the Auditor.

42.7 
 
 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered
 with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and
 at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members.

42.8 
 
 Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and approval of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and approval.

42.9 
 
 The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non-compliance is identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance
 or otherwise cause compliance with the terms of the IPO.

42.10 
 
 At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert as determined by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
 regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The audit committee financial expert shall have such past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other
 comparable experience or background which results in the individual s financial sophistication.

43 
 
 Notices

43.1 
 
 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by sending it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown in the Register of Members (or where the
 notice is given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
 and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it on the Company s Website.

43.2 
 
 Where a notice is sent by:

(a) 
 
 courier; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier company, and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays)
 following the day on which the notice was delivered to the courier;

(b) 
 
 post; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and posting a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays
 or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted;

(c) 
 
 cable, telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted;

(d) 
 
 e-mail or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting the e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to have been received on the same
 day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the recipient; and

23 

(e) 
 
 placing it on the Company s Website; service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Company s Website.

43.3 
 
 A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which the Company has been advised are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same manner as other notices which are
 required to be given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the
 persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred.

43.4 
 
 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting except that in the case of joint
 holders the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every person upon whom the ownership of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a trustee
 in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but for his death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall be entitled to receive notices of general meetings.

44 
 
 Winding Up

44.1 
 
 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction of creditors' claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a
 winding up:

(a) 
 
 if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole of the Company's issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by
 the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or

(b) 
 
 if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the Company's issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the
 Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid
 calls or otherwise.

44.2 
 
 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any Shares and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the Statute, divide amongst the
 Members in kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as
 between the Members or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like
 approval, shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability.

45 
 
 Indemnity and Insurance

45.1 
 
 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified Person shall be indemnified out of the assets of
 the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses, whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their
 functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company
 as a result (whether direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No person shall be found to have
 committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this Article unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

24 

45.2 
 
 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving such Indemnified Person
 for which indemnity will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final
 judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was
 not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without
 interest) by the Indemnified Person.

45.3 
 
 The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any Director or Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person in respect of
 any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

46 
 
 Financial Year

Unless the Directors otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of incorporation, shall begin on 1st January in each year.

47 
 
 Transfer by Way of Continuation

If the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the power to register by way of continuation as a body
 corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

48 
 
 Mergers and Consolidations

The Company shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the
 Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

49 
 
 Business Combination

49.1 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of a Business Combination and
 the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions of this Article shall prevail.

49.2 
 
 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall either:

(a) 
 
 submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or

(b) 
 
 provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of
 two business days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes paid or payable, if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares,
 provided that the Company shall not repurchase Public Shares in an amount that would cause the Company's net tangible assets to be less than US 5,000,001 following such repurchases.

49.3 
 
 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and
 not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

25 

49.4 
 
 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to this Article, in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall be authorised to consummate
 such Business Combination, provided that the Company shall not consummate such Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at least US 5,000,001 following the redemptions described below, or any greater net
 tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination.

49.5 
 
 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may, in connection with any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash in accordance with any applicable
 requirements provided for in the related proxy materials (the IPO Redemption ), provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a partnership, limited
 partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than 15 per cent of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior
 consent of the Company. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether he votes on such proposed Business Combination, and if he does vote, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such
 proposed Business Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination,
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) earned on the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to fund its working capital requirements, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such
 redemption price being referred to herein as the Redemption Price ). The Company shall not redeem Public Shares that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than US 5,000,001 following such redemptions (the Redemption
 Limitation ).

49.6 
 
 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice following the deadline for such Redemption Notice unless the Directors determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they may do in whole
 or in part).

49.7 
 
 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by 36 months from the consummation of the IPO, or such earlier time that shall be determined by the Directors in their sole discretion, or such other time as
 the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company shall:

(a) 
 
 cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;

(b) 
 
 as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
 interest (less up to US 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of
 the holders of Public Shares as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and

(c) 
 
 as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company's remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve,

subject in each case, to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of Applicable Law.

49.8 
 
 In the event that any amendment is made to the Articles:

(a) 
 
 to modify the substance or timing of the Company's obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within
 36 months from the consummation of the IPO, or such earlier time that shall be determined by the Directors in their sole discretion, or such other time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles; or

26 

(b) 
 
 with respect to any other provision relating to Members rights or pre-Business Combination activity,

each holder of Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval or effectiveness of any such amendment at a
 per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the
 number of then-outstanding Public Shares. The Company s ability to provide such redemption in this Article is subject to the Redemption Limitation.

49.9 
 
 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article, or a distribution of the
 Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account.

49.10 
 
 After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to:

(a) 
 
 receive funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) 
 
 vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination.

49.11 
 
 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such interest or conflict to the
 other Directors.

49.12 
 
 As long as the Company's securities are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company must complete the Business Combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 per cent of
 the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the Business Combination. A Business Combination must not be
 effectuated solely with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

49.13 
 
 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to complete a Business Combination with a target that
 is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that
 regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target business the Company is seeking to acquire that is a member of the United States Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an independent accounting firm that such a Business
 Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view.

50 
 
 Business Opportunities

50.1 
 
 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving as a Director or an Officer Management shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or
 indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an
 opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest
 extent permitted by Applicable Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member,
 Director and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate
 information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company.

50.2 
 
 Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a
 corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who is also a member of Management acquires knowledge.

27 

50.3 
 
 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest
 extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities
 conducted in the future and that have been conducted in the past.

28 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 brhc10049995_ex4-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

Exhibit 4.1

Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended

The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of the securities of Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I we, us or our that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description of our securities is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our securities. This description is summarized
 from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which are incorporated herein by reference. The summary below is also qualified by reference to the Companies Act (As Revised)
 (the Companies Act and common law of the Cayman Islands.

As of December 31, 2022, we had three classes of securities registered under the Exchange Act: our Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share; warrants to purchase shares of our Class A ordinary shares; and
 units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share. In addition, this description of securities also contains a description of our Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share founder shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into shares of the Class A ordinary shares. The description of the founder shares is necessary to understand the
 material terms of the Class A ordinary shares.

Units

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
 to adjustment as discussed below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time
 by a warrant holder.

The Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on May 14, 2021 and holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces.

Ordinary Shares

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together
 as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act
 or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under
 Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;
 such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will
 generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares
 voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. However, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our
 initial business combination, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to appoint any directors until after the completion of our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable
 dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the
 Cayman Islands. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors or to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. In addition, prior to the completion
 of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the
 appointment or removal of directors or the continuation of our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least
 two-thirds of our issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares.

1 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the
 terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination, to the extent we seek shareholder approval
 in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual
 general meeting) serving a three-year term.

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we were not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year-end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no
 requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings or appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
 the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
 released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share.
 The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting discount we will pay to the underwriters of our initial public offering. Our sponsor, officers and directors
 have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike
 many special purpose acquisition companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such
 initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum
 and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If,
 however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many special purpose acquisition companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with
 a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law,
 which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately negotiated
 transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking
 approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days 
 notice will be given of any general meeting.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
 Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than 15 of the public shares in the aggregate which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our
 shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares could reduce their influence over our ability to complete our
 initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the
 Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares, would be required to sell their shares in open
 market transactions, potentially at a loss.

2 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our
 initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, following the February 2023
 Redemptions, we would not need any of the 1,709,100 public shares outstanding to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to
 redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction.

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not completed our initial business combination by March 26, 2024 (as such deadline may be extended pursuant to a shareholder
 vote), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
 aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
 then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as
 reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to
 provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to
 liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024 (as such deadline may be extended pursuant to a shareholder vote). However, to the
 extent our sponsor or management team acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we do not complete our initial business
 combination within the prescribed time period.

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after
 payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to
 the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per-share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
 earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations and on
 the conditions described herein.

Founder Shares

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of
 founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (ii) the founder shares are entitled to registration
 rights; (iii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the
 completion of our initial business combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association (x) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business
 combination by March 26, 2024 (as such deadline may be extended pursuant to a shareholder vote) or (y) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, (C) waive their
 rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024 (as such deadline may be extended pursuant to a shareholder vote), although
 they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we do not complete our initial business combination within such time period and (D) vote any founder shares held by them and
 any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination; (iv) the founder shares will automatically convert into Class A
 ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association; and (v) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands.

3 

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
 for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or
 deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding
 after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any
 equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable
 for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans;
 provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be
 subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares
 equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our
 initial business combination, and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the
 right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.

Register of Members

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein:

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares of each member;

whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue;

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and

the date on which any person ceased to be a member.

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above
 unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of our initial public
 offering, the register of members was updated to reflect the issue of shares by us and the shareholders recorded in the register of members are deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited
 circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of
 members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of
 our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to reexamination by a Cayman Islands court.

4 

Preferred Shares

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 1,000,000 preferred shares and provide that preferred shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
 will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each
 series. Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preferred shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have
 anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We
 have no preferred shares outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preferred shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future.

Warrants

Public Shareholders Warrants

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, 30 days after the completion of our initial business
 combination, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit
 holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of
 residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No
 fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after
 the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities
 Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be
 exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities
 laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to
 exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser
 of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit.

5 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with
 the SEC post-effective amendment to the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering or a new registration statement registering, under the Securities Act, the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise
 of the warrants. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption
 of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the
 closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on
 a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange
 such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
 Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register
 or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering each such warrant for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the
 lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied the excess of the fair market value less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market
 value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the
 warrant agent.

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants):

in whole and not in part;

at a price of 0.01 per warrant;

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the
 Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below).

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
 However, we will not redeem the warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class
 A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period.

We have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing
 conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. Any such exercise would not be done on a cashless 
 basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being exercised. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to
 the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is
 issued.

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants:

in whole and not in part;

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by
 reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below);

6 

if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of
 shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below); and

if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below), the
 private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above.

The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the
 fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined based on volume-weighted average
 price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date
 precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends.

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for
 in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination.

The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business
 combination.

The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted
 as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such
 adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment and the denominator of which is the price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of
 shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which
 is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as a result of raising capital in connection with the initial business combination, the adjusted share prices in the
 column headings will by multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00.

Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares

Redemption Date (period to

 expiration of warrants)

10.00

11.00

12.00

13.00

14.00

15.00

16.00

17.00

18.00

60 months

0.261

0.281

0.297

0.311

0.324

0.337

0.348

0.358

0.361

57 months

0.257

0.277

0.294

0.310

0.324

0.337

0.348

0.358

0.361

54 months

0.252

0.272

0.291

0.307

0.322

0.335

0.347

0.357

0.361

51 months

0.246

0.268

0.287

0.304

0.320

0.333

0.346

0.357

0.361

48 months

0.241

0.263

0.283

0.301

0.317

0.332

0.344

0.356

0.361

45 months

0.235

0.258

0.279

0.298

0.315

0.330

0.343

0.356

0.361

42 months

0.228

0.252

0.274

0.294

0.312

0.328

0.342

0.355

0.361

39 months

0.221

0.246

0.269

0.290

0.309

0.325

0.340

0.354

0.361

36 months

0.213

0.239

0.263

0.285

0.305

0.323

0.339

0.353

0.361

33 months

0.205

0.232

0.257

0.280

0.301

0.320

0.337

0.352

0.361

30 months

0.196

0.224

0.250

0.274

0.297

0.316

0.335

0.351

0.361

27 months

0.185

0.214

0.242

0.268

0.291

0.313

0.332

0.350

0.361

24 months

0.173

0.204

0.233

0.260

0.285

0.308

0.329

0.348

0.361

21 months

0.161

0.193

0.223

0.252

0.279

0.304

0.326

0.347

0.361

18 months

0.146

0.179

0.211

0.242

0.271

0.298

0.322

0.345

0.361

15 months

0.130

0.164

0.197

0.230

0.262

0.291

0.317

0.342

0.361

12 months

0.111

0.146

0.181

0.216

0.250

0.282

0.312

0.339

0.361

9 months

0.090

0.125

0.162

0.199

0.237

0.272

0.305

0.336

0.361

6 months

0.065

0.099

0.137

0.178

0.219

0.259

0.296

0.331

0.361

3 months

0.034

0.065

0.104

0.150

0.197

0.243

0.286

0.326

0.361

0 months 

0.042

0.115

0.179

0.233

0.281

0.323

0.361

7 

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption
 dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the
 earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the
 date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature,
 exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant.

For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days
 immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this
 redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant
 (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature,
 since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares.

This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading
 price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share
 threshold set forth above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect,
 receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of March 23, 2021. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants,
 and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to
 exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best
 interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is
 below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable
 number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they
 would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50.

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the
 number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the
 surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or surviving company)
 will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants.

8 

Redemption Procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to
 exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the
 holder) of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.

Anti-Dilution Adjustments. If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of
 ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such
 increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share
 capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are
 convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights
 offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any
 additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the
 first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such
 Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in
 connection with a proposed initial business combination, or (d) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective
 immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event.

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective
 date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A
 ordinary shares.

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price
 immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction, (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will
 be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or
 effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates,
 without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of
 the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading
 price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20-trading-day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise
 price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described under Redemption of Warrants
 When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 and Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher
 of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively.

9 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of
 any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding
 Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the
 warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the
 exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution
 following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A
 ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so
 listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be
 reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants
 when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants.

The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the
 consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or to correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this
 prospectus, or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties
 deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants under the warrant agreement and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public
 warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the private placement warrants will also require at least 65 of the
 then-outstanding private placement warrants.

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate
 completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do
 not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder
 will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the
 nearest whole number, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder.

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
 York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to
 claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.

10 

Private Placement Warrants

The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial
 business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described under Warrants Public
 Warrants Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by our sponsor, members of our sponsor or their permitted transferees. The sponsor or its permitted transferees, have
 the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our
 initial public offering. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the
 warrants included in the units being sold in our initial public offering.

Except as described under Warrants Public Warrants Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a
 cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying
 the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the historical fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes, the historical fair market
 value will mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we
 have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business
 combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific
 periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public
 shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling
 such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be
 dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the
 discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Under Cayman Islands law, there are currently no restrictions on the export or import of capital, including foreign exchange controls or restrictions that affect the remittance of dividends, interest or other
 payments to nonresident holders of our ordinary shares. There is currently no reciprocal tax treaty between the Cayman Islands and the United States. Under current Cayman Islands law, there is no withholding tax on dividends.

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental. We have agreed to indemnify Continental in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its
 shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of
 the indemnified person or entity.

Certain Differences in Corporate Law

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English law but does not follow recent English law statutory enactments and differs from laws applicable to U.S.
 corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their
 shareholders.

11 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies or between a Cayman
 Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that it is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction).

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or
 consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 66 2/3 
 in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; and (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is
 required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of
 a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied
 with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation.

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a
 declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign
 company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar
 proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in
 any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the
 rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted.

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they
 are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the
 foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer
 is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that
 the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the
 public interest to permit the merger or consolidation.

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if
 they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a
 statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the
 constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of
 his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the
 date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price
 that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the
 shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine
 the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that
 petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on
 the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding
 shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company
 listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company.

12 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for
 complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of
 arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each
 class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in
 person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would
 have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that:

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with;

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question;

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the
 judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of U.S. corporations.

Squeeze-out Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four months, the offeror may,
 within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence
 of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders.

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset
 acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an operating business.

Shareholders Suits. Our Cayman Islands legal counsel, Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands
 court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed
 to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the
 Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which:

13 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority;

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed.

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors.
 Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States.

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel, Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United
 States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil
 liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman
 Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a
 judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment
 must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a
 manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may
 stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary
 resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company
 are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below:

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies;

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection;

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting;

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value;

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance);

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands;

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.

14 

Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the
 establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

The Business Combination Article of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our initial public offering that
 will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been
 approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a
 special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
 that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a shareholders meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) or by a unanimous written resolution of
 all of our shareholders.

Our initial shareholders and members of our management team, who collectively beneficially own more than 80 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that:

If we have not completed our initial business combination by March 26, 2024 (as such deadline may be extended pursuant to a shareholder vote), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
 reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds
 held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
 rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
 shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other
 requirements of applicable law;

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on our initial business combination;

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a
 transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination is fair to our
 company from a financial point of view;

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and
 Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;

We must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting discount and taxes payable on the income earned on
 the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;

15 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination
 or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 26, 2024 (as such deadline may be extended pursuant to a shareholder vote) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
 relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of
 then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein; and

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. We may,
 however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements
 we may enter into following our initial public offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets requirement.

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s articles of association may specify
 that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and
 articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders
 with the opportunity to redeem their public shares.

Certain Antitakeover Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preferred shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future
 offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preferred shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
 control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Securities Eligible for Future Sale

We have 8,584,100 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Of these shares, the 1,709,100 Class A ordinary shares are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for
 any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 6,875,000 founder shares and all 5,000,000 private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that
 they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth in the prospectus for our initial public offering.

Rule 144

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one
 of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports
 under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to
 additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:

16 

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then-outstanding, which will currently equal 85,841; or

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company.
 However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials),
 other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

As a result, our initial shareholders will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial
 business combination.

Registration Rights

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement
 warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) are be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement requiring us to register such securities for
 resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to
 registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights
 agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (1) in the case of the founder shares, on the earlier of (A)
 one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for
 adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments above) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
 day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization
 or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (2) in the case of the private placement warrants and the
 respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

17 

Listing of Securities

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are trading on Nasdaq under the symbols DISAU, DISA and DISAW, respectively.

18 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.14>
 4
 brhc10049995_ex10-14.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.14

Exhibit 10.14

THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE (THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR
 ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE

Principal Amount: 1,500,000 
 
 Dated as of April 17, 2023 

Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I, a Cayman Islands exempted company and blank check company (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order of DTA Master, LLC,
 a Delaware limited-liability company, or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ), or order, the principal sum of ONE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED
 THOUSAND U.S. dollars 1,500,000) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise
 determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note.

This Note is executed and delivered by the Maker to amend and restate in its entirety that certain note, dated as of November 15, 2021 in the original principal amount of up to two hundred fifty thousand dollars
 250,000), executed and delivered by Maker and payable to the order of the Payee (the Original Note ), as subsequently amended and restated, to memorialize the amendment to the principal amount. The
 execution or delivery of this Note does not constitute a payment of any part of the indebtedness evidenced in the Original Note.

1. 
 
 Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be payable on the earlier of: (i) thirty-six (36) months from the closing of the initial public offering (or such later date as may be
 extended in accordance with the terms of the Maker s memorandum and articles of association) or (ii) the date on which Maker consummates a business combination. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time.

2. 
 
 Interest. No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

3. 
 
 Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable
 attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

4. 
 
 [Reserved.]

5. 
 
 [Reserved.]

6. 
 
 Events of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ):

(a) 
 
 Failure to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of the date specified above.

(b) 
 
 Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking
 possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the
 failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

(c) 
 
 Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law,
 or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of
 any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days.

1 

7.

Remedies.

(a) 
 
 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 6(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other
 amounts payable thereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the
 same to the contrary notwithstanding.

(b) 
 
 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 6(b) and 6(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable,
 in all cases without any action on the part of Payee.

8. 
 
 Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note,
 all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or
 any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees
 that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee.

9. 
 
 Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its
 liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and
 consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or
 sureties may become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder.

10. 
 
 Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be: (i) in writing and delivered personally or sent by first class registered or
 certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may be
 designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other
 communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1)
 business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail.

11. 
 
 Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF.

12. 
 
 Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
 unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

13. 
 
 Trust Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account in which the proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO conducted

by the Maker (including the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions) and the proceeds of the sale of the warrants issued in a private placement that occurred in connection with the IPO were deposited, as described in greater
 detail in the registration statement and prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the
 trust account for any reason whatsoever.

2 

14. 
 
 Amendment; Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker and the Payee.

15. 
 
 Assignment. No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of
 the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void.

[ Signature page follows ]

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written.

DISRUPTIVE ACQUISITION

 CORPORATION I

a Cayman Islands exempted company

By:

/s/ Phillip C. Caputo

Name:

Phillip C. Caputo

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

DTA MASTER, LLC

a Delaware limited-liability company

By:

/s/ Phillip C. Caputo

Name:

Phillip C. Caputo

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

[ Signature Page Follows ]

4 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 brhc10049995_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Alexander J. Davis, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I (the Company 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942];

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
 materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report
 financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: April 17, 2023

/s/ Alexander J. Davis

Alexander J. Davis

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 brhc10049995_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Phillip C. Caputo, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I (the Company 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for,
 the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
 is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942];

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
 materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report
 financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: April 17, 2023

/s/ Phillip C. Caputo

Phillip C. Caputo

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 brhc10049995_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Alexander J. Davis, Chief Executive Officer of Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: April 17, 2023

/s/ Alexander J. Davis

Alexander J. Davis

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that
 the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
 request.

1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 brhc10049995_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Phillip C. Caputo, Chief Financial Officer of Disruptive Acquisition Corporation I (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

1. The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: April 17, 2023

/s/ Phillip C. Caputo

Phillip C. Caputo

Chief Financial Officer

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
 that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
 request.

1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 disa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 disa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 disa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 disa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 disa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

