<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230601_10-K_edgar_data_1078207_0001078207-23-000055.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>90292337</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>981422</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>78670810</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4377710</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3248400</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2730658</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001078207-23-000055.hdr.sgml : 20230602
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230601163816
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078207-23-000055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		384
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230601
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230601

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NAUTILUS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001078207
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		IRS NUMBER:				943002667
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31321
		FILM NUMBER:		23985272

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17750 SE 6TH WAY
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98683
		BUSINESS PHONE:		360-859-2900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17750 SE 6TH WAY
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98683

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NAUTILUS GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020523

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIRECT FOCUS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001078207-23-000055.txt : 20230602

10-K
 1
 nls-20230331.htm
 10-K

nls-20230331 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 

(Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [x] 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] [x] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [x] No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [x] No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated Filer [ ] [x] Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Securities Act Section 12(b), indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements Yes No [x] 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Exchange Act Section 10D-1(b). [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No [x] 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the last sales price 1.63) as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter (September 30, 2022) was . 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock as of May 30, 2023 was shares. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

NAUTILUS, INC. 
 2023 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 2. Properties 
 21 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 23 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 1 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 80 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 80 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 81 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 81 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 81 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 81 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 81 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 82 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 82 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 83 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 86 
 Signatures 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "plan," "expect," "aim," "believe," "project," "intend," "estimate," "will," "should," "could," and other terms of similar meaning typically identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this report include, without limitation: our ability to timely acquire inventory that meets our quality control standards from sole source foreign manufacturers at acceptable costs; an inability to pass along or otherwise mitigate the impact of raw material price increases and other cost pressures, including unfavorable currency exchange rates; experiencing delays and/or greater than anticipated costs in connection with launch of new products, entry into new markets, or strategic initiatives; our ability to hire and retain key management personnel; changes in consumer fitness trends; changes in the media consumption habits of our target consumers or the effectiveness of our media advertising; a decline in consumer spending due to unfavorable economic conditions; and softness in the retail marketplace. Additional assumptions, risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our registration statements, reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Risk Factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented by our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Such filings are available on our website or at www.sec.gov. You are cautioned that such statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any duty to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent developments, events or circumstances. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Founded in 1986, Nautilus, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, "Nautilus" or the "Company") is a global leader in innovative home fitness solutions, headquartered in Vancouver, Washington and incorporated in the State of Washington in January 1993. We became a publicly traded company in May 1999 and are listed on the New York Stock Exchange and traded under ticker symbol: NLS. 
 
 Our diverse brand portfolio includes Bowflex , Schwinn , JRNY and Nautilus , pursuant to which we sell a broad selection of exercise bikes, other cardio equipment, strength training products, and our JRNY digital fitness platform. 
 
 We empower healthier living through individualized connected fitness experiences. We sell our products through two distinct distribution channels, Direct and Retail, which we consider to be separate business segments. Consistent with our North Star strategy, subsequent to our fiscal year end, we sold the Nautilus brand trademark assets and related licenses, which we view as non-core assets. 
 
 We also derive a portion of our revenue from the licensing of our brands and intellectual property. 
 
 BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 
 We empower healthier living through individualized, connected-fitness experiences. We develop and market home fitness equipment and related products to meet the needs of a broad range of consumers. We have diversified our business by expanding our portfolio of high quality fitness equipment into multiple product lines utilizing our well-recognized brand names. We view the continual innovation of our product offerings as a key aspect of our business strategy. We regularly refresh our existing product lines with new technologies and finishes, and focus significant effort and resources on the development or acquisition of innovative new fitness products and technologies for introduction to the marketplace at periodic intervals. 
 
 Our long-term strategy involves: 
 Enhancing our product lines by designing personalized connected-fitness equipment that meets or exceeds the high expectations of our existing and new customers; 
 Continuing our investment in innovation, with a particular focus on expanding the reach of our digital platform, JRNY 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Creatively marketing our equipment, both directly to consumers and through our Retail customers, while leveraging our well-known brand names; and 
 Increasing our international Retail sales and distribution. 
 
 Our long-term strategy incorporates the individual goals of our Direct and Retail businesses. Our Direct business focuses on: (i) the development of, or acquisition of rights to, unique, branded products and technologies; (ii) the application of creative, cost-effective ways to communicate the benefits of using our products; and (iii) making various payment options available to our customers. We are particularly attentive to Direct business metrics that provide feedback regarding the effectiveness and efficiency of our media marketing programs and attractiveness of third-party consumer financing programs. 
 
 In our Retail business, we strive to develop long-term relationships with key retailers of sports or fitness equipment. The primary objectives of our Retail business are to: (i) offer a selection of innovative, unique products at key price-points to capture market share; and (ii) utilize the strength of our brands and long-standing customer relationships to secure more exposure in the stores or websites of our Retail customers. 
 
 PRODUCTS 
 
 We market high-quality, well-engineered cardiovascular and strength fitness products that cover a broad range of price points and features. Our products are designed for home use by individuals with varying exercise needs. From the person who works out occasionally to the serious athlete, we have products that will help them achieve their fitness objectives. Our core target demographic is enthusiastic cross-trainers who prioritize fitness and have a mindset of fitness as a life-long journey. 
 
 O ur JRNY digital fitness platform helps Members to achieve their fitness goals by offering curated workout and entertainment options that stream while coaching. The JRNY platform uses machine learning to create a virtually infinite number of personalized workouts that include motivation and praise and is based on an initial fitness assessment that learns and adapts as the Member progresses. 
 Our Bowflex brand set the industry standard in home fitness and includes a highly-regarded line of fitness equipment. Cardio products cover a wide range of connected-fitness equipment: C6 and VeloCore bikes, the Max Trainer line, and Treadmills. Strength products include SelectTech dumbbells, kettlebells and barbells and a range of home gyms. Our latest innovation is JRNY with Motion Tracking, which seamlessly pairs with our industry leading Bowflex SelectTech 552 and Bowflex SelectTech 1090 Dumbbells. JRNY with Motion Tracking offers personalized form-coaching and feedback, repetition counting, and individualized workout recommendations allowing users to maximize the value of their workouts. 
 Our Schwinn brand is known for its popular line of exercise bikes, including the connected-fitness IC4 that pairs with our JRNY platform as well as competitive apps including Peloton and Zwift, making it highly versatile and an excellent consumer value. 
 Our Nautilus brand is currently our corporate umbrella brand. Consistent with our North Star strategy, subsequent to our fiscal year end, we sold the Nautilus brand trademark assets and related licenses, which we view as non-core assets. We are considering our naming options for a new corporate umbrella brand. 
 
 BUSINESS SEGMENTS AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION 
 
 We conduct our business in two segments, Direct and Retail. Our Direct business offers products directly to consumers primarily through our websites. Our Retail business offers our products through a network of independent companies to reach consumers in the home use markets in the U.S. and internationally. 
 
 For further information regarding our segments and geographic information, see Note 23, Segment and Enterprise-Wide Information , to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 SALES AND MARKETING 
 
 Direct 
 In our Direct business, we sell our products directly to consumers via our websites bowflex.com, bowflex.ca, schwinnfitness.com and nautilus.com. 
 
 Our marketing efforts are based on an integrated combination of media and direct consumer contact. In addition to television advertising, our marketing mix includes a combination of digital, search, shopping and social media, as well as email and direct mail campaigns. Marketing and media effectiveness is measured continuously based on web traffic, conversion rates, return on investment and multi-touch attribution and we strive to optimize the effectiveness and efficiency of our marketing and media expenditures based on this data. The majority of our Direct customer orders are received on our websites. 
 
 Retail 
 In our Retail business, we market and sell a comprehensive line of consumer fitness equipment under the Bowflex and Schwinn brands, and previously under Nautilus brand. Our products are marketed through a network of retail companies, via brick and mortar locations and those retailers' websites. Retail partners include online-only retailers, sporting goods stores, electronics stores, furniture stores, large-format and warehouse stores, smaller specialty retailers and independent bike dealers. 
 
 We offer programs that provide price discounts to our Retail customers for ordering container-sized shipments or placing orders early enough in our manufacturing season to allow for more efficient manufacturing by our Asian suppliers. These programs are designed to reduce our shipping and handling costs, with much of the savings being passed on to our customers. In addition, we often offer other types of sales incentives to our Retail customers, including volume discounts and various forms of rebates or allowances, which generally are intended to increase product exposure and availability for consumers, reduce transportation costs, and encourage marketing and promotion of our brands or specific products. 
 
 PRODUCT DESIGN AND INNOVATION 
 
 Innovation is a vital part of our business, and we continue to expand and diversify our product offerings by leveraging our research and development capabilities. We constantly search for new technologies and innovations that will help us grow our business, either through higher sales or increased production efficiencies. To accomplish this objective, we seek out ideas and concepts both within our company and from outside inventors. We continue to focus our investments on our differentiated digital platform, JRNY . JRNY uses artificial intelligence and data from an initial assessment and every subsequent workout to create, and continually evolve, personalized daily workouts based on the user's fitness goals and capabilities. Our data shows the JRNY system is coaching people to work out longer and getting them to stay with their fitness journey longer. We have continued to enhance and scale JRNY , enabling us to better serve our customers and capture long-term revenue and profit. We have made tremendous progress in bringing hyper-personalized experiences to JRNY Members. We recently debuted JRNY with Motion Tracking, which offers personalized form-coaching and feedback, repetition counting, and individualized workout recommendations. This enhances our Strength offerings with workouts that are designed for use with Bowflex SelectTech 552 and Bowflex SelectTech 1090 Dumbbells, and with Android or iOS tablets. 
 
 Leveraging proprietary technology and machine learning expertise from our 2021 acquisition of VAY, we are enhancing value within the JRNY platform with these additional capabilities and growing our membership base, which has meaningfully improved the JRNY experience. We are utilizing the VAY team of engineers to advance adaptive personalized fitness, including machine learning capabilities. 
 
 We rely on financial and engineering models to assist us in assessing the potential operational and economic impacts of adopting new technologies and innovations. If we determine that a third-party technology or innovation concept meets certain technical and financial criteria, we may enter into a licensing arrangement to utilize the technology or, in certain circumstances, purchase the technology for our own use. Our product design and engineering teams also invest considerable effort to improve product design and quality. As a consumer-driven company, we invest in qualitative and quantitative consumer research to help us assess new product concepts, optimal features and anticipated consumer adoption. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 JRNY Digital Platform 
 
 JRNY Members 
 
 JRNY Members are offered Connected Fitness Subscriptions on a month-to-month or annual basis, that allow for multiple household users, and provide unlimited access to on-demand classes; connection to the world's most popular streaming platforms; and fitness experiences like Explore the World, offering 300+ scenic routes around the world. Our JRNY digital platform allows Members and Subscribers to access digital content through JRNY and track performance metrics and goals. A JRNY adaptive fitness membership offers personalized cardio, strength, and whole body workouts that evolve as you do. It learns with each use by assessing your fitness level and recommending workouts based on your abilities, available time, and how you are feeling that particular day. Our Members gain access to our content which is available to purchasers of embedded equipment as well as through our digital app JRNY , which is available through iOS and Android mobile devices and most tablets and computers. 
 
 We define JRNY Members as all individuals who have a JRNY account and/or Subscription, which includes Subscribers, their respective associated users and users who consume free content. We had approximately 508,000 JRNY Members as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 Subscribers 
 
 We define Subscribers as a person or household who paid for a Subscription (via a successful credit card billing or with prepaid subscription credits or waivers), or are in a trial, or have requested a "pause"' to their subscription for up to three months. As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 156,000 Subscribers. 
 
 SEASONALITY 
 
 We expect our revenue from fitness equipment products to vary seasonally. Sales are typically strongest in our fiscal third quarter ending December and fiscal fourth quarter ending March and are generally weakest in our fiscal first quarter ending June and fiscal second quarter ending September. We believe that consumers tend to be involved in outdoor activities during the spring and summer months, including outdoor exercise, which impacts sales of indoor fitness equipment. This seasonality can have a significant effect on our inventory levels, working capital needs and resource utilization. 
 
 MERCHANDISE SOURCING 
 
 All of our products are produced by third-party manufacturers, and our manufacturing partners are primarily located in Asia. Although multiple factories bid on and are able to produce most of our products, we typically select one factory to be the primary supplier of any given product. Lead times for inventory purchases from our Asian suppliers, from order placement to receipt of goods, generally range from approximately two to three months, of which transit time represents three to four weeks. The length of our lead times requires us to place advance manufacturing orders based on management forecasts of future demand for our products. We attempt to compensate for our long replenishment lead times by maintaining adequate levels of inventory at our warehousing facilities. 
 
 We monitor our suppliers' ability to meet our product needs and we participate in quality assurance activities to reinforce adherence to our quality standards. Our third-party manufacturing contracts are generally of annual or shorter duration and our manufactured products are sourced on the basis of individual purchase orders. Our manufacturing relationships are non-exclusive, and we are permitted to procure our products from other sources at our discretion. None of our manufacturing contracts include production volume or purchase commitments on the part of either party. Our third-party manufacturers are responsible for the sourcing of raw materials and producing parts and finished products to our specifications. 
 
 LOGISTICS 
 
 Our company-operated warehousing and distribution facilities are located in Ohio and California. In addition to company-operated distribution centers, we utilize third-party warehouses and logistics providers to fulfill orders. 
 
 In our Direct business, we strive to maintain inventory levels that will allow us to ship our products shortly after receiving a customer's order. We use common carriers for substantially all of our merchandise shipments to Direct customers. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

In our Retail business, we manage our inventory levels to accommodate anticipated seasonal changes in demand. Generally, we maintain higher inventory levels at the end of the fiscal second and third quarters to satisfy relatively higher consumer demand in the fiscal third and fourth quarters of each year. Many of our Retail customers place orders well in advance of peak periods of consumer demand to ensure an adequate supply for the anticipated selling season. 
 
 In fiscal 2023, approximately 56 of our Retail customers' orders were shipped by our contract manufacturers in Asia directly to our Retail customers' locations, typically in container loads. The use of such direct shipments allows us to maintain lower levels of inventory in our warehouses, resulting in lower storage, handling, freight, insurance and other costs, with much of the savings being passed on to our customers. We use various commercial truck lines for our merchandise shipments to Retail customers. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 The markets for all of our products are highly competitive. We believe the principal competitive factors affecting our business are quality, brand recognition, innovation and pricing. We believe we are well-positioned to compete in markets in which we can take advantage of our strong brand names and that our focus on value, quality and breadth of our product portfolio, coupled with our integrated fitness experiences, distinguishes our products from our competition. We have one of the broadest portfolios of product offerings among our competitors and offer JRNY across both cardio and strength products, in turn creating a powerful ecosystem for our Members. 
 
 Our products compete directly with those offered by a large number of companies that market consumer fitness experiences and programs. As more retailers utilize eCommerce, our competitors have become increasingly similar across our Direct and Retail segments. 
 
 Our principal competitors include: Peloton, iFit Health Fitness Inc. ("iFit"), Johnson Health Tech, Technogym, Echelon, Tonal, JaxJox and Tempo. We also compete with marketers of mobile device applications focused on fitness training and coaching on both iOS and Android platforms, for example Peloton, Zwift, Strava, Mirror, BeachBody, and Apple Fitness+. Additional marketers of competitive products include in-studio fitness classes, fitness clubs, at-home fitness equipment and content, and health and wellness apps. 
 
 EMPLOYEES 
 At the Company, we promote an overall alignment of our Mission, Vision, and Values. This includes a strategy to create a company culture that attracts talent and provides retention, promotes employee engagement and wellness while ensuring equal opportunities, diversity and inclusion. We create a trusting, open, and inclusive environment by treating each person in a manner that reflects our core values. There is a focus on workforce compensation and equity for our employees. In our efforts to build a healthier world, one person at a time, we strive to make a positive impact on the global fitness industry, our community, and our planet with a commitment to operate with transparent, socially conscious, and sustainable business practices. 
 
 As of May 30, 2023, we had 412 employees, 1 of whom was part-time. None of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements and we have not experienced a material interruption of our operations due to labor disputes. 
 
 Company culture 
 The Company's culture is as unique as its employees and can be seen and felt throughout the Company. It is an inclusive environment, which helps individuals become their best selves, unlocking the greatest potential of each person to go 'above and beyond' for success. We are committed to creating and fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace to better serve our customers and communities. This includes increased and improved outreach, recruitment, hiring and retention of diverse groups at all levels of the workforce. We strive to ensure employees are included and fairly treated all levels of the organization and that all feel welcomed, valued, and respected. This diversity of perspectives, experiences and backgrounds makes us stronger and provides a competitive advantage. 
 
 We value partnerships with businesses, academic institutions, and non-profit organizations to service our community. Our charitable contributions focus on supporting these partnerships and serving the community. We are engaged citizens in the communities in which we operate and our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion extends to the way we support these communities. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Employee engagement and wellness 
 At the Company, we are committed to developing and maintaining a positive company culture that attracts and retains talent, engages with employees, and promotes wellness, while ensuring diversity, equity, and inclusion for all employees. Every member of Team Nautilus brings a unique background and skills to our company. We celebrate our differences but we are united in our Mission, Vision, and Values. We are a dynamic team driving the future of consumer fitness experiences through our well-known brands and a passionate company culture. 
 
 As a health and wellness company, we recognize the key role that physical and mental wellness play in our employees, our customers, and our world. We provide meaningful benefits that support all employees so that we can support our communities. 
 
 We conduct surveys on a monthly basis and analyze the results, provide feedback to employees of those results, and, where appropriate, develop initiatives around issues raised by employees. The Company also supports learning and development opportunities, implementation of health and safety measures and other employee wellness programs. 
 
 The Company pivoted at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic into a fully remote environment and has since transitioned into a hybrid working environment. Hybrid work policies are a long-term strategy that helps our organization adapt to the changing needs of the modern workforce. By creating a more flexible and inclusive work environment, we can attract and retain top talent, boost productivity, improve retention, and better align with our ESG goals and initiatives. We are actively piloting, testing and iterating our approach to support new ways of working and evolving the employee experience. 
 
 Talent acquisition and retention 
 We believe that the recruitment and retention of our talented people is a key element in our ability to execute our strategy. 
 
 We have instituted a number of initiatives for open communication between leaders and employees to ensure that management is able to respond continuously and strategically to employee needs and concerns. We believe that open and continuous dialogue fosters a dynamic culture of ownership and accountability at all levels. 
 
 We have a comprehensive and holistic approach to ensuring that we have the best people with exceptional and diverse skills and perspectives who are engaged and can grow to execute our strategy in a continuously changing environment. We have implemented a focused set of initiatives as part of our North Star strategy to build our organizational capabilities centered around hiring, development and retention of our employees. Our talent philosophy includes hiring from a diverse pool of candidates, developing our internal talent with formal and informal training opportunities, engaging our people with our company culture, and retaining our talent with competitive rewards and promoting our well-qualified and diverse pipeline of leaders. 
 
 We focus on employee development to support business needs and goals. We design programs that provide career and leadership development opportunities for employees at all levels. Talent development is key to leadership readiness, employee engagement and retention. 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
 Trademarks, patents and other forms of intellectual property help us maintain a competitive position in the health and fitness industry. We monitor commercial activity in our industry to identify potential infringement of our intellectual property. We protect our proprietary rights by taking prompt, commercially reasonable actions to address counterfeit products and other infringement of our intellectual property. 
 
 Trademarks 
 We believe distinctive trademarks help maintain a strong company identity and brand loyalty among our customers. We own many trademarks, including Bowflex , Max Trainer , TreadClimber , Power Rod , Bowflex Revolution , SelectTech , Airdyne , Max Total , Explore the World , VeloCore , and JRNY . Each federally registered trademark is renewable indefinitely if the trademark is still in use at the time of renewal. We are the exclusive licensee under the Schwinn mark for indoor fitness products. We have granted licenses to a third party to use the Schwinn and TreadClimber trademarks on commercial fitness products, which expands consumer awareness of our brands and generates royalty revenue. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Patents and Designs 
 We believe patents and design registrations help to provide us a competitive advantage. We file applications for U.S. and non-U.S. patents on utility and design inventions for new and existing products. We own or license patents and design registrations that cover our dumbbells, kettlebells, barbells, treadmills, exercise bikes, elliptical machines, and software, including patents and patent applications related to our Max Trainer specialized cardio machines with expiration dates ranging from 2024 to 2037 and to our JRNY digital fitness platform with expiration dates ranging from 2032 to 2041. We exclusively license patents for the Bowflex Revolution home gym and the VeloCore bike. The home gym patent expires in 2025 and the bike patents expire in 2027. 
 
 BACKLOG 
 
 We define our customer order backlog to include firm orders for future shipment to our Retail customers, as well as unfulfilled consumer orders within the Direct segment. 
 
 Backlog as of a given date fluctuates based on specific timing of product shipment within the typical shipment timeframes for each of our segments. We had 12.0 million in backlog as of March 31, 2023, compared to 32.9 million as of March 31, 2022. 
 
 SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS 
 
 For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the following customers accounted for more than 10 of our total net sales as follows: 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Amazon.com 19.3 16.8 Dick's Sporting Goods Best Buy 13.6 
 Less than 10 of total net sales. 

GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 
 Our business is subject to international, federal and state laws and governmental regulations. These laws and regulations relate to, among other things, privacy, data protection, data breach notification, content regulation, intellectual property, consumer protection, e-commerce, marketing, advertising, messaging, rights of publicity, health and safety, employment and labor, environmental standards, product quality and safety, accessibility, competition, customs and international trade, and taxation. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving and frequently change. Further, these laws and regulations may be interpreted, applied, created, or amended in a manner that could harm our current or future business and operations, cause our regulatory burden to increase in the future, or increase our cost of conducting business and consequently affect our profitability. 
 
 Our digital platforms may receive, process, transmit and store personal data, including personal health and fitness information relating to identifiable individuals. Consumer demand for personalized fitness experiences, through mobile applications or wearable fitness trackers and our focus on digital fitness solutions for our products may increase the volume of personal data that we receive on our platforms and through our products. We also receive, process, transmit and store personal data in our capacity as an employer. As a result, we may be subject to numerous laws and regulations in the United States (both federal and state) and foreign jurisdictions designed to protect personal data, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended HIPAA and the European Economic Area s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), Canada s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act PIPEDA ), and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act CCPA ), each of which governs, among other things, the privacy, security and electronic transmission of personal data. 
 
 In the European Economic Area (which consists of the European Union as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), the GDPR is intended to protect the processing of personal data and the rules relating to the free movement of personal data. The GDPR requires controllers and processors of personal data to process personal data in a way that protects the fundamental rights and freedoms of applicable persons, including, for example, 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 requiring certain disclosures to applicable persons about how personal data is processed (including information about the profiling of individuals and automated individual decision-making), giving applicable persons rights to access, rectify, erase, and port their personal data, requiring retention periods for personal data, requiring mandatory data breach notification obligations, and requiring additional policies and procedures to comply with the accountability principle under the GDPR. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to privacy laws in the U.S., Canada, and the United Kingdom, including PIPEDA, the U.K. Data Protection Act of 2018, and CCPA. These laws require us to appropriately process and protect the personal data we hold, including, for example, providing disclosures regarding our privacy practices, reviewing and responding to data subject requests, and requiring additional policies and procedures to ensure that service providers are obligated to protect and process personal data we disclose to them. Furthermore, a growing number of legislative and regulatory bodies in the United States and elsewhere in the world have started to implement comprehensive privacy legislation, which may create additional obligations on us in the future. 
 
 We are also subject to laws, rules, and regulations regarding transfers of personal data between countries, including laws relating to the transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. We rely on transfer mechanisms permitted under these laws, including standard contract clauses, but if these existing mechanisms for transferring personal data from various jurisdictions are unavailable, we may be unable to transfer personal data of employees or customers in those jurisdictions to the United States. 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trades under the symbol NLS. Our principal executive offices are located at 17750 SE 6th Way, Vancouver, Washington 98683, and our telephone number is (360) 859-2900. Our corporate website is located at http://www.nautilusinc.com and we use the investor relations page (www.nautilusinc.com/investors) to make information available to investors and the market. 
 
 We file annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov where you can access copies of most of our SEC filings. 
 
 We make our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, and other information filed or furnished with the SEC, available free of charge on the investor relations page of our corporate website. In addition to our SEC filings, we also webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in with members of the investment community on our investor relations page. Further, we use our investor relations page to make presentations and other materials regarding our business and financial performance available, along with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, corporate governance policies, and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The contents of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be textual references only. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The Company operates in an environment that involves a number of risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that presently are not considered material or are not known to us, and therefore are not mentioned herein, may impair our business, operations and financial results. If any of the risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K actually occur, our business, operating results and financial position could be adversely affected. 
 
 Strategic and Operational Risks 
 
 Our business is typically affected by seasonality which results in fluctuations in our operating results. 
 
 We typically experience fluctuations in aggregate sales volume during the year. In most prior years, sales were typically strongest in the fiscal third quarter ending December and fiscal fourth quarter ending March, and are generally weakest in the fiscal first quarter ending June and fiscal second quarter ending September. As such, in the 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 event of higher sales during the third and fourth quarters, our working capital needs may be greater during the first and second quarters of the fiscal year. As a result of quarterly fluctuations caused by these and other factors, comparisons of our operating results across different fiscal quarters may not be accurate indicators of our future performance. Further, the mix of product sales may vary considerably from time to time as a result of changes in seasonal and geographic demand for particular types of fitness equipment. In addition, our customers may cancel orders, change delivery schedules or change the mix of products ordered with minimal notice. As a result of quarterly fluctuations caused by these and other factors, comparisons of our operating results across different fiscal quarters may not be accurate indicators of our future performance and we may not be able to accurately predict our quarterly sales. Accordingly, our results of operations are likely to fluctuate significantly from period to period. 
 
 The loss of one or more of our large Retail customers could negatively impact our revenue and operating results. 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from a small number of Retail customers. A Retail customer or any of our retail partners may in the future experience difficulties in their businesses that could prompt store closures or reorganizations. A loss of business from one or more of these large customers, if not replaced with new business, could negatively affect our operating results and cash flows. 
 
 Our inventory purchases are subject to long lead times, which could negatively impact our revenue, cash flows and liquidity. 
 
 All of our products are produced by third-party manufacturers, substantially all of which are located in Asia, primarily China. Lead times for inventory purchases from our Asian suppliers, from order placement to receipt of goods, generally range from approximately two to three months, of which transit time represents three to four weeks. The length of our lead times requires us to place advance manufacturing orders based on management forecasts of future demand for our products. Due to the length of our lead times, our revenue and cash flows may be negatively impacted if we do not have sufficient inventory on hand to meet customer demand for such items. In addition, our liquidity and cash flows may be negatively affected, and inventory obsolescence may increase if the quantity of products we order exceeds customer demand for such items. 
 
 If our contract manufacturers experience any delay, disruption or quality control problems in their operations, we could lose revenues, and our reputation and market share may be harmed. 
 
 Our reliance on contract manufacturers exposes us to the following risks over which we may have limited control: 
 Unexpected increases in manufacturing, repair and warranty costs; 
 Interruptions in shipments if our contract manufacturer is unable to complete production; 
 Inability to completely control the quality of finished products; 
 Inability to completely control delivery schedules; 
 Changes in our contract manufacturer's business models or operations; 
 Potential increases in our negotiated product costs as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 Impact of the global market and economic conditions on the financial stability of our contract manufacturers and their ability to operate without requesting earlier payment terms or letters of credit; 
 Potential lack of adequate capacity to manufacture all or a part of the products we require; and 
 Potential unauthorized reproduction or counterfeiting of our products. 
 
 Substantially all of our contract manufacturers are located in Asia, primarily China, and may be subject to disruption by natural disasters, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, as well as political, social or economic instability. The temporary or permanent loss of the services of any of our primary contract manufacturers could cause a significant disruption in our product supply chain and operations and delays in product shipments. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting quarantines and work and travel restrictions in China disrupted production for certain of our products, and the extent to which these events will affect our results of operations and financial position is uncertain. Such uncertainties, and disruptions caused by other public health crises, natural disasters and instability, could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, reduce demand for our products or force us to incur remediation costs, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our third-party manufacturing contracts are generally of annual or shorter duration and some manufactured products are sourced on the basis of individual purchase orders. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current relationships with these parties or, if necessary, establish future arrangements with other third- 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 party manufacturers on commercially reasonable terms. Further, while we maintain an active quality control, factory inspection and qualification program, we cannot ensure that the manufacturing and quality control processes of our third-party manufacturers will be maintained at a level sufficient to meet our inventory needs or prevent the inadvertent sale of sub-standard products. While we believe that products manufactured by our current third-party manufacturers could generally be procured from alternative sources, temporary or permanent loss of services from a significant manufacturer could cause disruption in our supply chain and operations. 
 
 Our operating results could be adversely affected if we are unable to accurately forecast consumer demand for our products and services and adequately manage our inventory. 
 
 To ensure adequate inventory supply, we must forecast inventory needs and expenses and place orders sufficiently in advance with our suppliers and contract manufacturers, based on our estimates of future demand for particular products and services. Failure to accurately forecast our needs may result in manufacturing delays or increased costs. Our ability to accurately forecast demand could be affected by many factors, including changes in consumer demand for our products and services, changes in demand for the products and services of our competitors, unanticipated changes in general market conditions, and the weakening of economic conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions, such as those caused by rising interest rates, recessionary trends, and geopolitical tension. This risk could be exacerbated by the fact that we may not carry a significant amount of inventory and may not be able to satisfy short-term demand increases. If we fail to accurately forecast consumer demand, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of products available for sale. 
 
 Inventory levels in excess of consumer demand may result in inventory write-downs or write-offs and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices, which would cause our gross margins to suffer and could impair the reputational strength and premium nature of our brand. Further, lower than forecasted demand could also result in excess manufacturing capacity or reduced manufacturing efficiencies, which could result in lower product margins. Conversely, if we under-estimate consumer demand, our suppliers and manufacturers may not be able to deliver products to meet our requirements or we may be subject to higher costs in order to secure the necessary production capacity. An inability to meet consumer demand and delays in the delivery of our products to our customers could result in reputational harm and damaged customer relationships and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 We are subject to warranty claims for our products, which could result in unexpected expense. 
 
 Many of our products carry warranties for defects in quality and workmanship. We may experience significant expense as the result of product quality issues, product recalls or product liability claims, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. We maintain a warranty reserve for estimated future warranty claims. However, the actual costs of servicing future warranty claims may exceed the reserve and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could adversely affect our business and result in harm to our reputation. 
 
 We offer complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by us, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products. Defects may also exist in components and products that we source from third parties. Any such defects could make our products and services unsafe, create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury, and subject us to the hazards and uncertainties of product liability claims and related litigation. In addition, from time to time we may experience outages, service slowdowns, or errors that affect our fitness and wellness programming. As a result, our services may not perform as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations, which could create reputation harm to the Company. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software, and services we offer. Failure to do so could result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting our products and services and could lead to claims against us. We maintain general liability insurance; however, design and manufacturing defects, and claims related thereto, may subject us to judgments or settlements that result in damages materially in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. In addition, we may be exposed to recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, property and equipment, or intangible assets, and significant warranty and other expenses such as litigation costs and regulatory fines. If we cannot successfully defend any large claim, maintain our general liability insurance on acceptable terms, or maintain adequate coverage against potential claims, our financial results could be adversely impacted. Further, 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 quality problems could adversely affect the experience for users of our products and services, and result in harm to our reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for our products and services, delay in new product and service introductions, and lost revenue. 
 
 Portions of our operating expenses and costs of goods sold are relatively fixed, and we may have limited ability to reduce expenses sufficiently in response to any revenue shortfalls. 
 
 Many of our operating expenses are relatively fixed. We may not be able to adjust our operating expenses or other costs sufficiently to adequately respond to any revenue shortfalls. If we are unable to reduce operating expenses or other costs quickly in response to any declines in revenue, it would negatively impact our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 If we are unable to anticipate consumer preferences or to effectively develop, market and sell future products, our future revenues and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our future success depends on our ability to effectively develop, market and sell new products that respond to new and evolving consumer preferences. Accordingly, our revenues and operating results may be adversely affected if we are unable to develop or acquire rights to new products that satisfy consumer preferences. In addition, any new products that we market may not generate sufficient revenues to recoup their acquisition, development, production, marketing, selling and other costs. 
 
 We may be unable to adapt to significant changes in media consumption habits and media coverage of current events may compete for consumer attention, which could diminish the effectiveness or efficiency of our advertising. 
 
 New technologies and services, such as streaming services and social media have changed traditional patterns of media coverage and consumption. Additionally, consumer attention is increasingly fragmented across a variety of traditional and digital media, the balance of which may shift at any time in response to media coverage of current events and the advancement of new technologies. We believe that consumer attention to media coverage of major events, such as the Olympics and the U.S. presidential election, have, in the past, impacted the effectiveness of our media advertising. Future events that draw significant media coverage may similarly impact our ability to engage consumers with our media advertising. If we are unable to successfully adapt our media strategies to new television viewing and media consumption habits, or if consumer attention is focused on other events, the effectiveness and efficiency of our media placements could be adversely affected, and our operating results may be negatively impacted. 
 
 Our results of operations and ability to grow could be materially negatively affected if we cannot successfully keep pace with technological changes impacting the development and implementation of our products, services and business needs. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes affecting the development and implementation of products, services and business needs. Technological advances such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, and automation are impacting industries and business operations. In addition, we rely on a variety of technologies, including those that support order management, billing, and consumer analytics. If we do not sufficiently invest in new technology and industry developments, appropriately implement new technologies, or evolve our business at sufficient speed and scale in response to such developments, or if we do not make the right strategic investments to respond to these developments, our services, results of operations, and ability to develop and maintain our business could be negatively affected. 
 
 Future impairments of intangible assets could negatively impact our operating results. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had other intangible assets of 6.8 million. Any future impairment charges, if significant, could materially and adversely affect our operating results. An unexpected decline in revenue, changes in market conditions, changes in competitive products or technologies or a change in management's intentions regarding utilization of intangible assets could lead to future impairment charges. 
 
 We may be unable to attract and retain Members, which could have an adverse effect on our business and rate of growth. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 We have experienced Member growth over the past several years. Our continued business and revenue growth is dependent on our ability to continuously attract and retain Members, and we cannot be sure that we will be successful in these efforts, or that Members retention levels will not materially decline. There are a number of factors that could lead to a decline in Member levels or that could prevent us from increasing our Member levels, including: 
 
 our failure to introduce new features, products, or services that Members find engaging or our introduction of new products or services, or changes to existing products and services that are not favorably received; 
 pricing and perceived value of our offerings; 
 harm to our brand and reputation; 
 our inability to deliver quality products, content, and services; 
 actual or perceived safety concerns regarding our products; 
 unsatisfactory experiences with the delivery, installation, or servicing of our connected-fitness products, including due to prolonged delivery timelines and limitations on the in-home installation, return, and warranty servicing processes during the regular course of business; 
 our Members engaging with competitive products and services; 
 technical or other problems preventing Members from accessing our content and services in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise affecting the Member's experience; 
 a decline in the public s interest in indoor cycling or running, or other fitness disciplines that we invest most heavily in; and 
 deteriorating general economic conditions or a change in consumer spending preferences or buying trends. 
 
 We may be adversely impacted by environmental, social and governance matters, including if we are unable to meet goals and commitments that we establish in relation to such matters. 
 
 In recent years, there has been an increased focus from investors, governmental and nongovernmental entities, and the public on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters, including greenhouse gas emissions, renewable energy, packaging and waste, practices related to sustainable supply chain, energy and water use, diversity, equity and inclusion, human rights and social commitment. A variety of organizations evaluate, and measure the performance of, companies on such ESG matters, and the results of these assessments are widely publicized. Given our commitment to ESG, we have established initiatives and are developing targets that we may refine or even expand further in the future. Execution of our ESG strategies to achieve these goals, commitments, and targets are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which may be outside of our control and prove to be more costly than we anticipate. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, our ability to achieve our goals, commitments, and targets within the currently projected costs and the expected timeframes; unforeseen operational and technological difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments; and the success of our collaborations with third parties. Any failure, or perceived failure, to achieve our ESG goals, commitments, and targets could damage our reputation and customer, investor and other stakeholder relationships, and may even result in regulatory enforcement action. Such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Economic and External Market Risks 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and we may be unable to compete successfully against existing and future competitors. 
 
 The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, new industry standards, evolving distribution models, limited barriers to entry, disruptive technology developments, short product life cycles, customer price sensitivity and frequent product introduction. Our products and services face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including at-home fitness equipment and digital platforms, fitness clubs, in-studio fitness classes, and health and wellness apps. Further, we expect the competition in our market to intensify in the future as new and existing competitors introduce new or enhanced products and services that compete with ours. 
 
 Our competitors may develop, or have already developed, products, features, content, services, or technologies that are similar to ours or that achieve greater acceptance, may undertake more successful product development efforts, create more compelling employment opportunities, or marketing campaigns, or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. Our competitors may develop or acquire, or have already developed or acquired, intellectual property rights that significantly limit or prevent our ability to compete effectively in the public marketplace. In addition, some competitors may have greater resources, or lack a short-term profitability motive, allowing them to identify and 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 capitalize more efficiently upon opportunities in new markets and consumer preferences and trends, quickly transition and adapt their products and services, devote greater resources to marketing and advertising, or be better positioned to withstand substantial price competition. If we are not able to compete effectively against our competitors, they may acquire and engage customers or generate revenue at the expense of our efforts, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Decline in consumer spending would likely negatively affect our product revenues and earnings. 
 
 Success of each of our products depends substantially on the amount of discretionary funds available to our customers. Global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme disruptions in the recent past, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, inflationary pricing constraints, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that similar disruptions will not occur in the future. Deterioration in general economic conditions may depress consumer spending, especially spending for discretionary consumer products such as ours. Poor economic conditions could, in turn, lead to substantial decreases in our net sales or have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Our revenues could decline due to changes in credit markets and decisions made by credit providers. 
 
 Historically, a significant portion of our Direct sales have been financed for our customers under various programs offered by third-party consumer credit financing sources. Reductions in consumer lending and the availability of consumer credit could limit the number of customers with the financial means to purchase our products. Higher interest rates could increase monthly payments for consumer products financed through one of our financing partners or through other sources of consumer financing. In the past, we have partnered with financial service companies to assist our customers in obtaining financing to purchase our products. Our present agreements with our third-party consumer credit financing providers enable certain customers to obtain financing if they qualify for the provider's private label revolving credit card. We cannot be assured that our third-party financing providers will continue to provide consumers with access to credit or that credit limits under such arrangements will not be reduced. Such restrictions or reductions in the availability of consumer credit could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Higher interest rates could result in declines in consumer spending on consumer durable goods and other shifts in their spending habits which may result in decreased sales and reduced margins. 
 
 Currency exchange rate fluctuations could result in higher costs, reduced margins or decreased international sales. 
 
 Substantially all of our products are manufactured outside of the U.S. and, therefore, currency exchange rate fluctuations could result in higher costs for our products, or could disrupt the business of independent manufacturers that produce our products, by making their purchases of raw materials more expensive and more difficult to finance. Our future financial results could be significantly affected by the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to the foreign currencies in which we, our customers or our suppliers conduct business. Past fluctuations in currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar have caused our costs for certain products to increase, reducing our margins and cash flows. Similar fluctuations and cost increases may occur in the future. If we are unable to increase our selling prices to offset such cost increases, or if such increases have a negative impact on sales of our products, our revenues and margins would be reduced and our operating results and cash flows would be negatively impacted. In addition, a portion of our revenue is derived from sales outside the U.S., primarily in Canada and Europe. Currency rate fluctuations could make our products more expensive for foreign consumers and reduce our revenue, which would negatively affect our operating results and cash flows. 
 
 Our operations are subject to the effects of a rising rate of inflation which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Inflation in the United States began to rise significantly in the second half of the calendar year 2021. This is primarily believed to be the result of the economic impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, including the global supply chain disruptions, strong economic recovery and associated widespread demand for goods, and government stimulus packages, among other factors. For instance, global supply chain disruptions have resulted in shortages in materials and services. Such shortages have resulted in inflationary cost increases for labor, materials, and services, and could continue to cause costs to increase as well as scarcity of certain products. We are experiencing inflationary pressures in certain areas of our business, including with respect to employee wages, however, we cannot predict any future trends in the rate of inflation or associated increases in our operating costs and how that 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 may impact our business. To the extent we are unable to recover higher operating costs resulting from inflation or otherwise mitigate the impact of such costs on our business, our revenues and gross margins could decrease, and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates. The impact of rising interest rates, recessionary trends, geopolitical tension and the COVID-19 pandemic may increase uncertainty in the global financial markets, as well as the possibility of high inflation and extended economic downturn, which could reduce our ability to incur debt or access capital and impact our results of operations and financial condition even after these conditions improve. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 We are subject to laws of the United States and foreign jurisdictions relating to individually identifiable information and personal health information, and failure to comply with those laws, whether or not inadvertent, could subject us to legal actions and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our digital platforms may receive, process, transmit and store personal health and fitness information relating to identifiable individuals. Consumer demand for personalized fitness experiences, through mobile applications or wearable fitness trackers, and our strategy to focus on digital fitness solutions for our products may increase the volume of identifiable individual information we receive on our platforms and through our products. We also receive, process, transmit and store information relating to identifiable individuals in our capacity as an employer. As a result, we may be subject to United States (both federal and state) and foreign jurisdiction laws and regulations designed to protect both individually identifiable information and personal health information, including HIPAA and its regulations, and the GDPR. The GDPR includes, and a growing number of legislative and regulatory bodies elsewhere in the world have adopted, consumer notification requirements in the event of unauthorized access to or acquisition of certain types of personal data. These breach notification laws continue to evolve and include jurisdiction-specific obligations. Complying with these obligations could cause us to incur substantial costs and could increase negative publicity surrounding any incident that compromises personal data. 
 
 These and other related laws have been subject to frequent changes, and new legislation in this area may be enacted at any time. Changes to existing laws, introduction of new laws in this area or failure to comply with existing laws that are applicable to us may subject us to, among other things, additional costs or changes to our business practices, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity, restrictions on our ability to obtain and process information and allegations by our customers and consumers that we have not complied with or performed our contractual obligations, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may face competition from providers of comparable products in categories where our patent protection is limited or reduced due to patent expiration. Increased competition in those product categories could negatively affect our future revenues and operating results. 
 
 Sales of cardio products represent a substantial portion of our Direct segment revenues. Introduction by competitors of comparable products, a maturing product lifecycle or other factors could result in a continued decline in our revenues derived from this product line. A significant decline in our revenue from this product line, without offsetting sales gains, would have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Trademark infringement, patent infringement or other intellectual property claims relating to our products could increase our costs. 
 
 Our industry is susceptible to litigation regarding trademark and patent infringement and other intellectual property rights. We could become a plaintiff or defendant in litigation involving trademark or patent infringement claims or claims for breach of a license agreement. The prosecution or defense of intellectual property litigation is both costly and disruptive to the time and resources of our management, regardless of the claim's merit. We could also be required to pay substantial damages or settlement costs to resolve intellectual property litigation or related matters. 
 
 We may not be able to successfully acquire intellectual property rights, protect existing rights, or potentially prevent others from claiming that we have violated their proprietary rights. We could incur substantial costs in defending against such claims even if they are without basis, and we could become subject to judgments or settlements requiring us to pay substantial damages, royalties or other charges. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to periodic litigation, product liability risk and other regulatory proceedings, which could result in unexpected expense of time and resources. 
 
 From time to time, we may be a defendant in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business or the former operations of our discontinued Commercial business segment. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any significant litigation in the future, regardless of its merits, could divert management's attention from our operations and may result in substantial legal costs. 
 
 Our business is exposed to potential false advertising and other related claims, which could adversely affect our financial condition and performance. 
 
 The global nature of our business involves a risk of exposure under U.S. (both federal and state) and foreign laws and regulations related to false advertising. A false advertising claim or related judgment against us could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, affect consumer or customer confidence in our products and services, and divert management s time and attention from other responsibilities. Although we maintain product and general liability insurance, there can be no assurance that the type or level of coverage we have is adequate (or will apply to the claim at hand) or that we will be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. A false advertising or other judgment against us and related negative publicity could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may in the future be subject to claims and lawsuits alleging that our products fail to provide accurate measurements and data to our users. 
 
 Some components of our digital platform are used to track and display various information about users activities, such as calories burned, distance traveled and floors climbed. We anticipate new features and functionality in the future, as well. We believe that we have done, and will continue to do, everything we can to ensure accuracy of measurements in our digital system, but as with all such systems, there is always the risk that there may be an unintentional software design issue that results in measurements being inaccurately reported. We may receive reports made against us alleging that our products do not provide accurate measurements and data to users, including claims asserting that certain features of our products do not operate as advertised. Such reports and claims may result in negative publicity, and may require us to expend time and resources to defend litigation. If our products fail to provide accurate measurements and data to users, or if there are reports or claims of inaccurate measurements, claims of false advertisement, or claims of inaccuracy regarding the overall health benefits of our products and services in the future, we may become the subject of negative publicity, litigation, including class action litigation, regulatory proceedings, and warranty claims, and our brand, operating results, and business could be harmed. 
 
 Government regulatory actions could disrupt our marketing efforts and product sales. 
 
 Various international and U.S. federal, state and local governmental authorities, including the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, regulate our product and marketing efforts. Our revenue and profitability could be significantly harmed if any of these authorities commence a regulatory enforcement action that interrupts our marketing efforts, results in a product recall or negative publicity, or requires changes in product design or marketing materials. 
 Changes in international trade policy could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 All of our products are produced by third-party manufacturers, substantially all of which are located in Asia, primarily in China. Additionally, we make significant sales to customers worldwide, and in particular to customers in Canada. Most of our imported products are subject to duties or tariffs that affect the cost and quantity of various types of goods imported into the U.S. or our other markets. Since the beginning of 2018, importing and exporting has involved more risk, as there has been increasing rhetoric, in some cases coupled with legislative or executive action, from several U.S. and foreign leaders regarding tariffs against foreign imports of certain materials. Several of the components that go into our products are sourced internationally, including from China, from where imports on specified products are subject to tariffs by the United States following the U.S. Trade Representative Section 301 Investigation. Uncertainty regarding future policies affecting global trade may make it difficult for our management to 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 accurately forecast our business, and increases in the duties, tariffs and other charges imposed on our products by the United States or other countries in which on our products are manufactured or sold, or other restraints on international trade, could negatively affect our business and the results of our operations. 
 
 A delay in getting non-U.S.-sourced products through port operations and customs in a timely manner could result in reduced sales, canceled sales orders and unanticipated inventory accumulation. 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to source and distribute products in a timely manner. As a result, we rely on the free flow of goods through open and operational ports worldwide. Labor disputes or other disruptions at ports create significant risks for our business, particularly if work slowdowns, lockouts, strikes or other disruptions occur during our peak importing seasons. Any of these factors could result in reduced sales, canceled sales orders and unanticipated inventory accumulation and have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Unpredictable events and circumstances relating to our international operations, including our use of non-U.S. manufacturers, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Substantially all of our products are manufactured outside of the U.S. and a portion of our revenue is derived from sales outside the U.S., primarily in Canada and Europe. Accordingly, our future results could be materially adversely affected by a variety of factors pertaining to international trade, including: changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions; trade restrictions; import and export licensing requirements; changes in regulatory requirements; additional efforts to comply with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and longer payment cycles in certain countries, thus requiring us to finance customer purchases over a longer period than those made in the U.S. In addition, we rely on the performance of our employees located in foreign countries. Our ability to control the actions of these employees may be limited by the laws and regulations in effect in each country. Changes in any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Regulations related to conflict minerals may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the s upply and increase the costs of certain metals used in the manufacturing of our products. 
 
 We are subject to requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, which requires us to conduct due diligence on and disclose whether or not our products contain conflict minerals. These requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability, and pricing of the materials used in the manufacture of components used in our products. In addition, we incur additional costs to comply with the disclosure requirements, including costs related to conducting diligence procedures to determine the sources of minerals that may be used or necessary to the production of our products and, if applicable, potential changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such due diligence activities. It is also possible that we may face reputational harm if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict free or if we are unable to alter our products, processes, or sources of supply to avoid such materials. 
 
 Failure or inability to protect our intellectual property could significantly harm our competitive position. 
 
 Protecting our intellectual property is an essential factor in maintaining our competitive position in the health and fitness industry. Failure to maximize or to successfully assert our intellectual property rights could impact our competitiveness. We rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. Many factors bear upon the exclusive ownership and right to exploit intellectual properties, including, without limitation, prior rights of third parties and nonuse and/or nonenforcement by us and/or related entities. While we make efforts to develop and protect our intellectual property, the validity, enforceability and commercial value of our intellectual property rights may be reduced or eliminated. We cannot be sure that our intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own intellectual property rights or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to compete successfully within the marketplace for our products. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future. If we do not, or are unable to, adequately protect our intellectual property, then we may face difficulty in differentiating our products from those of our competitors and our business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 General Risk Factors 
 
 Our revenues and profitability can fluctuate from period to period and are often difficult to predict due to factors beyond our control. 
 
 Our results of operations in any particular period may not be indicative of results to be expected in future periods, and have historically been, and are expected to continue to be, subject to periodic fluctuations arising from a number of factors, including: 
 Introduction and market acceptance of new products and sales trends affecting specific existing products; 
 Variations in product selling prices and costs and the mix of products sold; 
 Size and timing of Retail customer orders, which, in turn, often depend upon the success of our customers' businesses or specific products; 
 Changes in the market conditions for consumer fitness equipment; 
 Changes in macroeconomic factors; 
 Availability of consumer credit; 
 Consumer confidence or income levels caused by changes in market conditions, including changes in the credit market, expected inflation, employment levels, and energy or other commodity prices; 
 Timing and availability of products coming from our offshore contract manufacturing suppliers; 
 Seasonality of markets, which vary from quarter-to-quarter and are influenced by outside factors such as overall consumer confidence and the availability and cost of television advertising time; 
 Effectiveness of our media and advertising programs; 
 Customer consolidation in our Retail segment, or the bankruptcy of any of our larger Retail customers; 
 Restructuring and exit charges; 
 Goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges; and 
 Legal and contract settlement charges. 
 
 These trends and factors could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial position and cash flows in any particular period. 
 
 Our business and operations are dependent on the expertise of our key contributors, our successful implementation of succession plans, and our ability to attract and retain management employees and skilled labor. 
 
 Our future success depends on, among other factors, our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including executives and skilled labor. Availability of skilled workers is critical to our operations. We may experience difficulty maintaining desired staffing levels with unemployment rates at low levels in many of the geographic areas in which we manufacture or distribute goods. The loss of qualified personnel, our inability to attract new qualified employees or adequately train employees or a delay in hiring key personnel, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to continue to execute our growth strategy could potentially be adversely affected by the effectiveness of organizational changes. Any disruption or uncertainty resulting from such changes could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected from an accident, safety incident, or workforce disruption. 
 
 Our operations could expose us to significant personal injury claims that could subject us to substantial liability. Public health issues, such as the COVID-19 pandemic or other epidemics, may increase our exposure to these risks. Our inability to timely adapt to changing norms and requirements around maintaining a safe workplace could cause employee illness, accidents, may not successfully prevent outbreaks of illnesses, or may result in team discontent if we fail or if it is perceived that we are failing to protect the health and safety of our employees. Our liability insurance may not be adequate to cover fully all claims, and we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an accident or safety incident resulting from our activities. Additionally, if our employees decide to join or form a labor union, we may become party to a collective bargaining agreement, which could result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. It is also possible that a union seeking to organize one subset of our employee population could also mount a corporate campaign, resulting in negative publicity and reputational harm or other impacts that require attention by our management team and our employees. Negative publicity, work stoppages, or strikes by unions could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to a number of debt covenants. 
 
 In November 2022, we entered into a new credit facility with SLR. The proceeds from this new credit facility were used to refinance our existing indebtedness. Our new credit facility contains certain debt covenants and other customary events of default. Our ability to comply with these debt covenants may be affected by the other factors described in this Risk Factors section and other factors outside of our control. Failure to comply with one or more of these debt covenants may result in an event of default. Upon an event of default, if not waived by our lender, our lender may declare all amounts outstanding as due and payable. If our lender accelerates the maturity of our indebtedness, we may not have sufficient capital available at that time to pay the amounts due to our lender on a timely basis. In addition, these debt covenants may prevent us from engaging in transactions that benefit us, including responding to changing business and economic conditions and taking advantage of attractive business opportunities. If we need additional capital and cannot raise it on acceptable terms, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The issuance of additional shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and may result in dilution to our existing shareholders. 
 
 We filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 on November 9, 2020 with the SEC that allows us to issue up to 100 million in securities including common stock, debt securities, warrants and units. 
 
 However, as of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our public float is less than 75 million, and under SEC regulations for so long as our public float remains less than 75 million, the amount we can raise through primary public offerings of securities in any twelve-month period using our shelf registration statement is limited to an aggregate of one-third of our public float. At such time as our public float again exceeds 75 million, the number of securities we may sell under a Form S-3 registration statement will no longer be limited by such rules. 
 
 The shelf registration statement is intended to provide us with increased financial flexibility and more efficient access to the capital markets. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of these securities or the availability of the securities will have on the prevailing market price of our common stock from time to time. Substantial sales of shares of our common stock or other securities in the public market, or the perception that those sales could occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Such a decrease in our share price could in turn impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Future issuances of our common stock, or other securities convertible into our common stock, may result in significant dilution to our existing shareholders. Significant dilution would reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power held by our existing shareholders. 
 
 We have incurred operating losses in the past, may incur operating losses in the future, and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 
 We incurred an operating loss for the year ended March 31, 2023 of 93.4 million, and we may incur operating losses in the future. We expect our operating expenses to increase in the future as we continue our sales and marketing efforts, continue to invest in research and development, expand our operating and retail infrastructure, add content and software features to our platform, expand into new geographies, develop new connected-fitness products and services, and in connection with legal, accounting, and other expenses related to operating as a public company. These efforts and additional expenses may be more costly than we expect, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase our revenue to offset our operating expenses. Our revenue growth may slow or our revenue may decline for a number of other reasons, including reduced demand for our products and services, increased competition, a decrease in the growth or reduction in size of our overall market, the impacts to our business from rising interest rates, recessionary trends, geopolitical tension and the COVID-19 pandemic, or if we cannot capitalize on growth opportunities. If our revenue does not grow at a greater rate than our operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve and maintain profitability. 
 
 We track certain operational and business metrics with internal methods that are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 
 We track certain operational and business metrics, including our connected fitness products, with internal methods, which are not independently verified by any third party and are often reliant upon an interface with mobile operating 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 systems, networks and standards that we do not control. Our internal methods have limitations and our process for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we report. If the internal methods we use under-count or over-count metrics related to our connected fitness products as a result of algorithm or other technical errors, the operational and business metrics that we report may not be accurate. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure certain operational and business metrics may affect our understanding of certain aspects of our business, which could affect our longer term strategies. If our operational and business metrics are not accurate representations of our business, market penetration, retention or engagement, if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, or if the metrics we rely on to track our performance do not provide an accurate measurement of our business, our reputation may be harmed, and our operating and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 
 We may engage in merger and acquisition activities, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 As part of our business strategy, we have made or may in the future make investments in other companies, products, or technologies. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates and we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all, in the future. If we do complete acquisitions, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our goals, and any acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by Members or investors. Moreover, an acquisition, investment, or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including disrupting our ongoing operations, diverting management from their primary responsibilities, subjecting us to additional liabilities, increasing our expenses, and adversely impacting our business, financial condition, and operating results. Moreover, we may be exposed to unknown liabilities and the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, investment, or business relationship may not be realized, if, for example, we fail to successfully integrate such acquisitions, or the technologies associated with such acquisitions, into our company. 
 
 To pay for any such acquisitions, we would have to use cash, incur debt, or issue equity securities, each of which may affect our financial condition or the value of our capital stock and could result in dilution to our stockholders. If we incur more debt it would result in increased fixed obligations and could also subject us to covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. Additionally, we may receive indications of interest from other parties interested in acquiring some or all of our business. The time required to evaluate such indications of interest could require significant attention from management, disrupt the ordinary functioning of our business, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Our business is subject to the risk of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism. 
 
 Our business is vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins, public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and similar events. The third-party systems and operations and contract manufacturers we rely on are subject to similar risks. Our insurance policies may not cover losses from these events or may provide insufficient compensation that does not cover our total losses. For example, a significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire, or flood, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. Acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that have higher population density than rural areas, could also cause disruptions in our or our suppliers and contract manufacturers businesses or the economy as a whole. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in some circumstances, such as natural disasters affecting locations that store significant inventory of our products, that house our servers, or from which we generate revenue. Because we rely heavily on our computer and communications systems, and the internet to conduct our business and provide high-quality customer service, these disruptions could negatively impact our ability to run our business and either directly or indirectly disrupt suppliers and our contract manufacturers businesses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic adversely affected our operations, supply chains and distribution systems. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, unpredictable supply and demand for certain of our products and services. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 There is continued uncertainty around the duration and breadth of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as general economic uncertainty and macroeconomic conditions, and, as a result, the ultimate impact on our business, financial condition or operating results cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 
 
 Disruption to our information and communication systems could result in interruptions to our business and potential implementation of new systems for critical business functions may heighten the risk of disruption. 
 
 Our business is reliant on information and communication technology, and a substantial portion of our revenues are generated with the support of information and communication systems. The success of our Direct business is heavily dependent on our ability to respond to customer sales inquiries and process sales transactions using our call center communication systems, websites and similar data monitoring and communication systems provided and supported by third-parties. If such systems were to fail, or experience significant or lengthy interruptions in availability or service, our revenues could be materially affected. We also rely on information systems in all stages of our product cycle, from design to distribution, and we use such systems as a method of communication between employees, suppliers and customers. In addition, we use information systems to maintain our accounting records, assist in trade receivables collection and customer service efforts, and forecast operating results and cash flows. 
 
 System failures or service interruptions may occur as the result of a number of factors, including: computer viruses; hacking or other unlawful activities by third parties; disasters; equipment, hardware or software failures; ineffective design or implementation of new systems or systems upgrades; cable outages, extended power failures, or our inability or failure to properly protect, repair or maintain our communication and information systems. To mitigate the risk of business interruption, we have in place a disaster recovery program that targets our most critical operational systems. If our disaster recovery system is ineffective, in whole or in part, or efforts conducted by us or third-parties to prevent or respond to system interruptions in a timely manner are ineffective, our ability to conduct operations would be significantly affected. If we do not consider the potential impact of critical decisions related to systems or process design and implementation, this could lead to operational challenges and increased costs. Any of the aforementioned factors could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 System security risks, data protection breaches and cyber-attacks could disrupt our operations. 
 
 We manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our business, including sensitive and personally identifiable information. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us, or our customers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery or other forms of deception, could expose us, our customers or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise harm our business. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures could be significant. 
 
 Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our systems. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs" and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. The costs to us to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our revenue, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Following is a summary of each of our properties as of March 31, 2023: 
 Company Location Primary Function(s) Owned or Leased Nautilus Washington Corporate headquarters, customer call center, and R D facility Leased Nautilus California Warehouse and distribution facility Leased Nautilus Ohio Warehouse and distribution facility Leased Nautilus China Quality assurance and software engineering offices Leased Nautilus Switzerland Software engineering offices Leased 
 
 Our properties are used by both our Direct and Retail segments. We believe our properties are generally well-maintained, adequate and suitable for their intended purposes, and we believe our existing properties will meet our operational needs for the foreseeable future. If we require additional warehouse or office space in the future, we believe we will be able to obtain such space on commercially reasonable terms. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, in the ordinary course of business, we may be involved in various claims, lawsuits and other proceedings. These legal proceedings involve uncertainty as to the eventual outcomes and losses which may be realized when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. 
 
 As of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market for our Common Stock 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE and trades under the symbol NLS. As of May 30, 2023, there were 36 holders of record of our common stock and approximately 24,832 beneficial shareholders. 
 
 We did not pay any dividends on our common stock in fiscal years 2023 or 2022. Payment of any future dividends, in accordance with our borrowing arrangements, is at the discretion of our Board of Directors, which considers various factors such as our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs and future expansion plans. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Part III, Item 12 for equity compensation plan information. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 We empower healthier living through individualized connected fitness experiences and are committed to building a healthier world, one person at a time. Our principal business activities include designing, developing, sourcing and marketing high-quality cardio and strength fitness products, related accessories and a digital platform for consumer use, primarily in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Asia. Our products are sold under some of the most-recognized brand names in the fitness industry: Bowflex , Schwinn , JRNY and Nautilus . Consistent with our North Star strategy, subsequent to our fiscal year end, we sold the Nautilus brand trademark assets and related licenses, which we view as non-core assets. 
 
 We market our products through two distinct distribution channels, Direct and Retail, which we consider to be separate business segments. Our Direct business offers products directly to consumers primarily through websites. Our Retail business offers our products through a network of independent retail companies to reach consumers in the home use markets in the U.S. and internationally. We also derive a portion of our revenue from the licensing of our brands and intellectual property. 
 
 Our results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 ("fiscal 2023") were driven by the actions outlined in our North Star strategy. The five strategic pillars of our North Star strategy are: (1) adopt a consumer first mindset; (2) scale a differentiated digital offering; (3) focus investments on core businesses; (4) evolve supply chain to be a strategic advantage; and (5) build organizational capabilities to win by unleashing the power of our team. We have made strong progress on all these pillars over the past two years and we believe that we have set the foundation for becoming a leader in connected fitness by leveraging our equipment business and scaling a differentiated offering. 
 
 Our transformation will build on our leading brands, products, innovation, distribution and digital assets. Our' operating model is a strategic advantage. Our asset-light manufacturing, diversified product portfolio, omni-channel distribution and variable cost structure, which enables tight management of margin, operating expenses and inventory levels, is a model built to flex with variability in market conditions. 
 
 The profound and enduring shift in consumer fitness habits post-pandemic toward at-home workouts continues to enhance the long-term opportunity for the Company. This is a long-term shift and the Company is well-positioned to take advantage of this opportunity. 
 
 To weather the macro-economic and retail challenges that we currently face, we are staying grounded in our mission and unwavering dedication to build a healthier world, one person at a time. We also remain steadfast in our strategy to provide consumers a broad variety of superior products at a range of price points via our-omnichannel distribution model. We continue to enhance our product portfolio with our differentiated JRNY connected fitness offering. We believe that the advantages associated with a broad assortment of products and omni-channel distribution model allow us to offset areas of weakness. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 Company Results 
 
 Comparison for the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 to the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2022 
 
 Net sales were 286.8 million for 2023, reflecting a 51.3 decrease as compared to net sales of 589.5 million for 2022. 
 
 Net sales of our Direct segment decreased by 82.4 million, or 37.2 , in 2023, compared to 2022. 
 
 Net sales of our Retail segment decreased by 220.0 million, or 60.4 , in 2023, compared to 2022. 
 
 Backlog was 12.0 million at March 31, 2023, compared to 32.9 million at March 31, 2022 as retailers are now ordering closer to inventory needs. 
 
 Royalty income for 2023 decreased by 0.37 million, or 9.8 compared to 2022. 
 
 Gross profit was 52.0 million, compared to 148.5 million last year. Gross profit margins were 18.1 compared to 25.2 last year. The 7.1 ppt decrease in gross profit margins was primarily due to increased discounting given our heavy inventory position and the decision to exit Nautilus branded products (-5 ppts), unfavorable logistics overhead absorption (-3 ppts), deleverage of JRNY COGs (-2 ppts), and increased outbound freight (-1 ppt), offset by lower landed product costs, driven by lower inbound freight and lower factory costs (+4 ppts). Excluding Nautilus branded products, gross profit margin would have been 20.1 . 
 
 Operating expenses were 145.3 million compared to 173.8 million last year. The decrease of 28.5 million, or 16.4 , was primarily due to 38.3 million decrease in media spending, a 9.9 million decrease due to savings in other operating expenses, a 7.4 million decrease in other variable selling and marketing expenses due to decreased sales, and a 4.7 million prior year loss contingency for a legal settlement, offset by goodwill and intangible impairment charge of 27.0 million, 2.5 million in restructuring related charges and a 2.3 million increase in JRNY investments. Total advertising expenses were 23.2 million versus 61.5 million last year. 
 
 Operating loss was 93.4 million, or a negative 32.6 operating margin, compared to an operating loss of 25.3 million, or a negative 4.3 operating margin, for last year, primarily due to lower gross profit and higher operating expenses, including a goodwill and intangible impairment charge of 27.0 million and a 2.5 million restructuring charge. 
 
 Income tax expense from continuing operations was 9.4 million this year compared to a 6.0 million tax benefit last year. The income tax expense in the current year was primarily the result of the 25.4 million deferred tax asset valuation allowance recorded in fiscal 2023. The effective tax rate was (9.5) this year compared to 21.3 last year. 
 
 Loss from continuing operations was 107.5 million, or 3.40 per diluted share, compared to loss of 22.2 million, or 0.72 per diluted share, last year. The decrease in loss from continuing operations was primarily due to lower gross profit and higher operating expenses as discussed in more detail above. 
 
 Net loss was 105.4 million, compared to a net loss of 22.4 million last year. Net loss per diluted share was 3.34, compared to net loss per diluted share of 0.72 last year. The decrease in net loss was primarily due to lower gross profit and higher operating expenses as discussed in more detail above. 
 
 North Star Strategy Update 
 
 We have made significant progress over the last two years on our long term strategic transformation under our North Star Strategy, which we believe will make our Company stronger as our industry normalizes post-pandemic. We have made progress in three key areas ; 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Adopt a Consumer First Mindset 
 We have implemented better consumer segment targeting and optimized our media mix, which is driving enhanced return on investment. We are seeing the benefits of this in the demand for our equipment, particularly our fast-moving top sellers. This is highlighted by the strength in our Direct business and we have an exciting pipeline of new product offerings and refreshed Bowflex branding to be introduced in fiscal 2024. 
 
 Turn Supply Chain into a Competitive Advantage 
 We are starting to have tangible gross margin improvement via lower landed product costs, we have significantly enhanced our delivery time to retailers, permitting them to order closer in to when they need product, and we are rolling-out a better last-mile delivery process for our Direct consumers. 
 
 Scaling a Differentiated Digital Offering 
 We have made progress by building JRNY connected fitness experiences across our equipment portfolio so that anyone can experience the benefits of connecting fitness. 
 
 JRNY Update 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, Members of JRNY , our personalized connected fitness platform, reached 508,000, representing approximately 56 growth versus the same quarter last year. Of these Members, 156,000 were Subscribers, representing approximately 41 growth over the same period last year. We define JRNY Members as all individuals who have a JRNY account and/or subscription, which includes Subscribers, their respective associated users, and users who consume free content. We define Subscribers as a person or household who paid for a subscription, are in a trial, or have requested a "pause"' to their subscription for up to three months. 
 
 Earlier this year, we introduced an innovative feature set to its adaptive fitness platform with the launch of JRNY with Motion Tracking, which pairs repetition tracking, form guidance, and adaptive weight targets, along with its extensive library of personalized cardio, strength, and whole-body workouts. Members can now access these features on their mobile device or tablet within their existing membership and without the need for additional equipment. 
 
 We also recently introduced new pricing tiers: JRNY Mobile-Only, made just for mobile device or tablet users at a lower price point, and JRNY All-Access, which allows Members to take advantage of JRNY s features across their mobile devices, tablets, and Bowflex products with built-in touchscreens. 
 
 JRNY learns with each use by assessing Members fitness levels and recommends workouts based on their abilities and the workout experiences they favor, creating an adaptive and personalized fitness plan that Members can stick to for long-term success. Leveraging proprietary technology and machine learning expertise from our acquisition of VAY, these new features are enhancing value within the JRNY platform, which we believe will continue to drive membership growth. 
 
 Key Trends and Drivers of Performance 
 
 The following forward-looking statements reflect our full fiscal year 2024 expectations as of May 23, 2023 and are subject to risks and uncertainties. 
 
 Full Year Fiscal 2024 
 
 We expect full year net revenue to be in the range of 270 million to 300 million, with the second half of the year representing 60 to 65 of full year net revenue. We expect Q1 to be the lowest revenue quarter of the year, and as a of full year sales, to be lower than last year. Finally, given the sale of the Nautilus Brand, we expect royalty revenue to be 1.8 million. 
 
 We are targeting JRNY Members to be approximately 625,000 at March 31, 2024. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Our results of operations may vary significantly from period-to-period. 
 
 Our revenues typically fluctuate due to the seasonality of our industry, customer buying patterns, product innovation, the nature and level of competition for health and fitness products, our ability to procure products to meet customer demand, the level of spending on, and effectiveness of, our media and advertising programs and our ability to attract new customers and maintain existing sales relationships. In addition, our revenues are highly susceptible to economic factors, including, among other things, the overall condition of the economy and the availability of consumer credit in both the U.S. and Canada. The COVID-19 pandemic created a heightened need for home-fitness products at an unprecedented rate and as the pandemic lessened there was a return to a more normal seasonality. We cannot predict with certainty the longer-term impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the change to consumer habits and sentiments and therefore, the impact on our results of operations is uncertain. 
 
 Our gross margins are being impacted by, among other things: 
 Increased product costs, primarily driven by our increasing use of more expensive components in our products, which now include our connected fitness JRNY platform. 
 Fluctuations in the availability, and as a result the costs, of materials used to manufacture our products. 
 Tariffs and expedited shipping and transportation costs. 
 Fluctuations in cost associated with the acquisition or license of products and technologies, product warranty claims, fuel, foreign currency exchange rates, and changes in costs of other distribution or manufacturing-related services. 
 Costs relating to the addition of a new distribution facility in Southern California prior to the exit from our Portland distribution facility. 
 The efficiency and effectiveness of our organization and operations. 
 A return to product discounting practices in place prior to the pandemic, which were temporarily suspended in part during the pandemic. 
 
 Our operating profits or losses may also be affected by the efficiency and effectiveness of our organization. Historically, our operating expenses have been influenced by media costs to produce and distribute advertisements of our products on television, websites and other media, facility costs, operating costs of our information and communications systems, product supply chain management, customer support and new product development activities. In addition, our operating expenses have been affected from time-to-time by asset impairment charges, restructuring charges and other significant unusual or infrequent expenses. 
 
 Forecasting for our business during and following the COVID-19 pandemic has proven to be challenging. Despite solid demand for our products as demonstrated in our Direct segment, headwinds in Retail re-orders persist as our retail partners continue to act conservatively in light of uncertainty in the economic environment. We have had significant difficulty in forecasting near-term demand and, as a result, our expected near-term operating performance. We are taking decisive actions to reduce our costs and realign our business with the short-term revenue outlook. See "Risk Factors - Strategic and Operational Risks - Our operating results could be adversely affected if we are unable to accurately forecast consumer demand for our products and services and adequately manage our inventory" in this Form 10-K. 
 
 As a result of the above and other factors, our period-to-period operating results may not be indicative of future performance. You should not place undue reliance on our operating results and should consider our prospects in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties typically encountered by us and other companies, both within and outside our industry. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties and, consequently, we cannot assure you any future growth or profitability. For more information, see our discussion of Risk Factors located at Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 
 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 
 Results from discontinued operations relate to the disposal of our former Nautilus Commercial business, which was completed in April 2011. We reached substantial completion of asset liquidation at December 31, 2012. Although there was no revenue related to the Commercial business in fiscal 2023 or 2022, we incurred an immaterial amount of product liability expenses associated with products previously sold into the Commercial channel. 
 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we completed the tax deregistration of a foreign entity that was part of the discontinued operations. As a result, the previously unrecognized tax benefit and associated accrued interest and penalty in the amount of 2.1 million was released and recorded as a component of income taxes from discontinued operations during the quarter ended September 30, 2022. There were no further significant activities or changes to our discontinued operations during fiscal 2023. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements. An accounting estimate is considered to be critical if it meets both of the following criteria: (i) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change, and (ii) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. Our critical accounting estimate is discussed below. 
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible 
 We evaluate our indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill for potential impairment annually or when events or circumstances indicate their carrying value may be impaired. Definite-lived intangible assets, including acquired trade names, customer relationships, patents and patent rights, and other long-lived assets, primarily property, plant and equipment, are evaluated for impairment when events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may be impaired. During the year ended March 31, 2023 ("fiscal 2023"), we identified a triggering event. While the fair value of our reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values as of March 31, 2022, we observed continued market volatility including significant declines in our market capitalization during the three month period ended June 30, 2022. Our trailing 30-day average market capitalization was approximately 137 million at March 31, 2022 compared to 66 million, the trailing 30-day average, as of June 30, 2022. As a result, we performed an interim evaluation and a market capitalization reconciliation during the first quarter of fiscal 2023, which resulted in a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 24.5 million. 
 
 Our impairment evaluations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment in order to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values. Our judgments regarding potential impairment are based on a number of factors including: the timing and amount of anticipated cash flows; market conditions; relative levels of risk; the cost of capital; terminal values; royalty rates; and the allocation of revenues, expenses and assets and liabilities to reporting units. Each of these factors can significantly affect the value of our goodwill or other long-term assets and, thereby, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 We make judgments about the recoverability of intangible assets with finite lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist. Recoverability of purchased intangible assets with finite lives is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. We review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives of our purchased intangible assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. Our ongoing consideration of all the factors described previously could result in impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income. 
 
 The fair value of acquired technology, which was determined at the acquisition date, primarily uses the cost approach. Other third party costs were also provided and considered in our analysis, where appropriate. In addition to the costs to reproduce each application, a developer's profit, an opportunity cost and an obsolescence factor were considered. The developer's profit represents the profit margin on a market participate developer's investment in the material, labor and overhead costs necessary to develop the intangible asset. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The discussion that follows regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes in this report. All comparisons to prior year results are in reference to continuing operations only in each period, unless otherwise indicated. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on June 3, 2022, which is available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and our Investors website at http://www.nautilusinc.com/investors/sec-filings/ . 
 
 Results of operations information was as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Change Change Net sales 286,773 589,534 (302,761) (51.4) Cost of sales 234,819 441,077 (206,258) (46.8) Gross profit 51,954 148,457 (96,503) (65.0) Operating expenses: Selling and marketing 51,505 99,204 (47,699) (48.1) General and administrative 42,474 51,783 (9,309) (18.0) Research and development 21,822 22,786 (964) (4.2) Goodwill and intangible impairment charge 26,965 26,965 NM Restructuring and exit charges 2,549 2,549 NM Total operating expenses 145,315 173,773 (28,458) (16.4) Operating loss (93,361) (25,316) (68,045) 268.8 Other income (expense): Interest income 9 35 (26) Interest expense (3,795) (1,580) (2,215) Other, net (982) (1,369) 387 Total other expense, net (4,768) (2,914) (1,854) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes (98,129) (28,230) (69,899) Income tax (benefit) expense 9,359 (6,026) 15,385 Loss from continuing operations (107,488) (22,204) (85,284) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 2,089 (227) 2,316 Net loss (105,399) (22,431) (82,968) 
 NM = Not Meaningful 

28 

Table of Contents 

 Results of operations information by segment and major product lines was as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Change Change Net Sales Direct net sales: Cardio products (1) 
 93,889 128,550 (34,661) (27.0) Strength products (2) 
 45,400 93,176 (47,776) (51.3) Direct 139,289 221,726 (82,437) (37.2) Retail net sales: Cardio products (1) 
 62,225 208,991 (146,766) (70.2) Strength products (2) 
 81,888 155,078 (73,190) (47.2) Retail 144,113 364,069 (219,956) (60.4) Royalty income 3,371 3,739 (368) (9.8) 286,773 589,534 (302,761) (51.4) Cost of sales: Direct 110,625 153,609 (42,984) (28.0) Retail 124,194 287,468 (163,274) (56.8) 234,819 441,077 (206,258) (46.8) Gross profit: Direct 28,664 68,117 (39,453) (57.9) Retail 19,919 76,601 (56,682) (74) Royalty 3,371 3,739 (368) (9.8) 51,954 148,457 (96,503) (65.0) Gross margin: Direct 20.6 30.7 (1,010) basis points Retail 13.8 21.0 (720) basis points Contribution: Direct (29,626) (15,711) (13,915) 88.6 Retail (5,720) 44,831 (50,551) (112.8) Contribution rate: Direct (21.3) (7.1) (1,420) basis points Retail (4.0) 12.3 (1,630) basis points (1) Cardio products include: connected-fitness bikes like the Bowflex C6, VeloCore and Schwinn IC4, Max Trainer , Zero Runner , treadmills, other exercise bikes, ellipticals and subscription services. 
 (2) Strength products include: home gyms and Bowflex SelectTech dumbbells, kettlebell and barbell weights, and accessories 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Total Company Results 
 
 In addition to providing a comparison of its financial results and trends for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, to gauge sales growth against more "normalized" or pre-pandemic results, the Company thinks it is helpful to investors to provide a comparison of its sale results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to the pre-pandemic twelve month period ended March 31, 2020. 
 
 Comparison of the Twelve Months Ended March 31, 2023 to the Twelve Months ended March 31, 2022 
 
 Net Sales and Gross Profit 
 
 Direct Segment 
 
 Net sales were 139.3 million for 2023, compared to 221.7 million, a decline of 37.2 ,versus 2022 and 120.1 million, an increase of 16.0 , compared to fiscal 2020. The net sales decrease was primarily driven by lower strength sales. The net sales increase compared to fiscal 2020 was due to increased demand. 
 
 Cardio sales declined 27.0 in 2023 versus 2022 and were flat compared to the same period in fiscal 2020. Lower cardio sales this year were primarily driven by lower bike demand. Strength product sales declined 51.3 in 2023 versus 2022 and increased 74.7 compared to the same period in fiscal 2020. Lower strength sales in 2023 were primarily driven by lower demand for SelectTech weights. 
 
 The Direct segment had 0.5 million of backlog as of March 31, 2023. Backlog represents unfulfilled consumer orders net of current promotional programs and sales discounts. 
 
 Gross profit margin was 20.6 in 2023 versus 30.7 last year. The 10.1 ppt decrease in gross profit margin was primarily due to increased discounting given the heavy inventory position and the decision to exit Nautilus branded products (-6 ppts), deleverage of JRNY COGs (-2 ppts), unfavorable logistics overhead absorption (-2 ppts) and increased other costs (-1 ppt), partially offset by lower outbound freight (+1 ppt). Gross profit in 2023 was 28.7 million, a decrease of 57.9 versus 2022. 
 
 Segment contribution loss was 29.6 million for 2023, compared to segment contribution loss of 15.7 million for 2022. The decline was primarily driven by lower sales and gross profit margin as discussed above, partially offset by a decrease in media spend. Advertising expenses were 23.3 million in 2023 compared to 61.5 million in 2022. 
 
 Combined consumer credit approvals by our primary and secondary U.S. third-party financing providers were 52.5 in 2023 compared to 56.7 in 2022. The decrease in approvals reflects lower credit quality applications. 
 
 Retail Segment 
 
 Net sales were 144.1 million for 2023, compared to 364.1 million, a decline of 60.4 , in 2022 and 154.3 million, a decrease of 6.6 , compared to fiscal 2020, excluding sales related to the Octane brand. Retail segment sales outside the United States and Canada decreased 69.7 in 2023 as compared to 2022. The decrease in net sales was primarily driven by the return to pre-pandemic seasonal demand, lower cardio sales and higher sales discounting. The net sales decrease compared to fiscal 2020 was due to decreased demand. 
 
 Cardio sales declined 70.2 in 2023 compared to 2022 and were down 41.1 compared to fiscal 2020, excluding sales related to the Octane brand. Lower cardio sales this year were primarily driven by lower bike demand. Strength product sales declined 47.2 in 2023 versus 2022 and increased 68.5 compared to fiscal 2020. Lower strength sales in 2023 were primarily driven by lower demand for SelectTech weights. 
 
 The Retail segment had 11.5 million of backlog as of March 31, 2023. This amount represents customer orders for future shipments and are net of contractual rebates and consideration payable to applicable Retail customers. 
 
 Gross profit margin was 13.8 in 2023 versus 21.0 in 2022. The 7.2 ppt decrease in gross profit margin was primarily driven by unfavorable logistics overhead absorption (-4 ppts), increased discounting given our heavy inventory position and the decision to exit Nautilus branded products (-3 ppts) and increased other costs (-1 ppt), partially offset by lower product costs (+1 ppt) driven by lower inbound freight and lower factory costs. Gross profit was 19.9 million in 2023, a decrease of 74.0 versus 2022. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Segment contribution loss for 2023 was 5.7 million, or 4.0 of sales, compared to contribution income of 44.8 million, or 12.3 of sales, last year. The decline was primarily driven by lower net sales and gross profit as explained above. 
 
 Royalty 
 
 Royalty income decreased by 0.4 million, or 9.8 , to 3.4 million in 2023 compared 2022, primarily due to royalty settlements. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses for 2023 were 145.3 million, a decrease of 28.5 million, or 16.4 , as compared to operating expenses of 173.8 million for 2022. The decrease was primarily due to a 38.3 million decrease in media spending, a 9.9 million decrease due to savings in other operating expenses, a 7.4 million decrease in other variable selling and marketing expenses due to decreased sales, and a 4.7 million prior year loss contingency for a legal settlement, offset by goodwill and intangible impairment charge of 27.0 million, 2.5 million in restructuring related charges and a 2.3 million increase in JRNY investments. 
 
 Selling and Marketing 
 Selling and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of media advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, sales incentives related to our JRNY platform and other programs. 
 
 Selling and marketing information was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Selling and marketing 51,505 99,204 (47,699) (48.1) As of net sales 18.0 16.8 
 
 The decrease in selling and marketing in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to a 38.3 million decrease in media spend, a 7.4 million decrease in other variable selling and marketing expenses due to decreased sales, and 2.2 million in other cost savings, partially offset by an increase of 0.2 million JRNY related investments. We expect variable selling and marketing expenses to continue to flex with sales. 
 
 The increase in selling and marketing as a percentage of net sales was due to the decreases in spending being more than offset by lower net sales. We expect selling and marketing expenses to decrease as a of net sales next fiscal year. 
 
 Media advertising expense is the largest component of selling and marketing and was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Total advertising 23,250 61,519 (38,269) (62.2) 
 
 The 38.3 million decrease in media advertising in 2023 compared to 2022 reflects a return to more historical, pre-pandemic levels of advertising. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with finance, legal, facilities, certain human resources and other administrative personnel, acquisition costs and other administrative fees. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

General and administrative expense was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 General and administrative 42,474 51,783 (9,309) (18.0) As of net sales 14.8 8.8 
 
 The 9.3 million decrease in general and administrative in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to a 4.7 million prior year loss contingency related to a legal settlement, a 2.4 million decrease in contracted services, a 1.8 million decrease in legal expenses, and a 1.5 million decrease in personnel costs, offset by an increase of 0.7 million of JRNY related expenses and a 0.4 million increase in other costs. 
 
 The increase in general and administrative as a percentage of net sales was due to the decreases in spending being more than offset by lower net sales. We expect general and administrative expenses to decrease as a of net sales next fiscal year. 
 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, other headcount-related expenses and information technology associated with product development. 
 
 Research and development expenses was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Research and development 21,822 22,786 (964) (4.2) As of net sales 7.6 3.9 
 
 The 1.0 million decrease in research and development in 2023 compared to 2022 was driven primarily by the timing of technical projects and investments in JRNY , our digital platform. 
 
 The increase in research and development as a percentage of net sales was due to the decreases in spending being more than offset by lower net sales. We expect research and development expenses to decrease as a of net sales next fiscal year. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Impairment Charge 
 As a result of the decline in our market value relative to the market and our industry, which was identified as a triggering event, we performed an interim evaluation and a market capitalization reconciliation during the first quarter of fiscal 2023 which resulted in a non-cash goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment charge of 27.0 million. 
 
 For additional information related to our goodwill and intangible impairment charge, see Notes 12 and 13. 
 
 Restructuring and Exit Charges 
 Restructuring and exit charges of 2.5 million in fiscal 2023 included 1.7 million in severance and termination plan benefits and 0.9 million in third-party related costs. 1.3 million was paid during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 Operating Loss 
 Operating loss for 2023 was 93.4 million, an increase of 68.1 million, as compared to an operating loss of 25.3 million for 2022. The increase was primarily driven by lower gross profit due to lower sales, partially offset by lower operating expenses. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense of 3.8 million and 1.6 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively, was primarily related to the outstanding balance on our term loan and line of credit. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net includes the effect of currency exchange rate fluctuations with the U.S. and our foreign subsidiaries, debt extinguishment and equity investment impairments. 
 
 Other expense, net was as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Other expense, net (982) (1,369) 387 28.3 
 
 The decrease in other expense, net was primarily due to a prior year loss on foreign currency of 1.3 million, offset by a current year equity investment impairment of 0.7 million. Other, net in 2023 includes a 0.2 million loss on debt extinguishment. 

Loss from Continuing Operations 
 Loss from continuing operations was 107.5 million for 2023, or 3.40 per diluted share, compared to loss from continuing operations of 22.2 million, or 0.72 per diluted share, for 2022. The increase in loss from continuing operations was primarily due to lower gross profit and higher operating expenses as a percentage of sales. 
 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense 
 Income tax (benefit) expense includes U.S. and international income taxes, and interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Income tax (benefit) expense 9,359 (6,026) 15,385 (255.3) Effective tax rate (9.5) 21.3 
 
 The income tax expense from continuing operations for 2023 was primarily the result of recording a U.S. deferred tax asset valuation allowance in the amount of 25.4 million to reduce the existing U.S. domestic deferred tax assets to their anticipated realizable value. The income tax benefit from continuing operations for 2022 was primarily driven by the loss generated in the U.S. 
 
 Refer to Note 18, Income Taxes , to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information. 
 
 Net Loss 
 Net loss was 105.4 million for 2023, compared to a net loss of 22.4 million for 2022. Net loss per diluted share was 3.34 for 2023, compared to net loss per diluted share of 0.72 for 2022. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors, including our levels of revenue, the timing and extent of spending on research and development efforts and other business initiatives, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing of new product introductions, market acceptance of our products, and overall economic conditions. To the extent that current and anticipated future sources of liquidity are insufficient to fund our future business activities and requirements, we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. The sale of additional equity would result in additional dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of debt financing would result in debt service obligations and the instruments governing such debt could provide for operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had 18.3 million of cash and restricted cash, and 14.9 million was available for borrowing under the WF ABL Revolving Facility, compared to cash and restricted cash of 14.2 million and 65.8 million available for borrowing under the WF ABL Revolving Facility as of March 31, 2022. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Cash provided by operating activities was 18.8 million for fiscal 2023, compared to cash used in operating activities of 66.6 million for fiscal 2022. The improvement in cash flows from operating activities for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to changes in our operating assets and liabilities discussed below, offset by increased net loss. 
 
 Trade receivables decreased by 40.0 million to 21.5 million as of March 31, 2023, compared to 61.5 million as of March 31, 2022. The decrease in trade receivables was primarily driven by lower sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 Inventory decreased by 64.6 million to 46.6 million as of March 31, 2023, compared to 111.2 million as of March 31, 2022. The decrease in inventory was driven by faster turns of inventory on-hand and lower inventory in-transit. About 6 of inventory as of March 31, 2023 was in-transit. 
 
 Prepaids and other current assets decreased by 6.5 million to 8.0 million as of March 31, 2023, compared to 14.5 million as of March 31, 2022, primarily driven by a 2.2 million decrease in deferred compensation associated with the VAY acquisition, a 1.4 million decrease in prepaid marketing, a 0.5 million decrease in duty receivable, and a 4.0 million decrease in other prepaids, offset by a 1.5 million increase in deferred contracts costs. 
 
 Trade payables decreased by 23.8 million to 29.4 million as of March 31, 2023, compared to 53.2 million as of March 31, 2022, primarily due to strong inventory management as the Company sold through existing inventory and minimized purchases to end the year with inventory more in line with projected revenue. 
 
 Accrued liabilities decreased by 13.8 million to 15.6 million as of March 31, 2023, compared to 29.4 million as of March 31, 2022, primarily driven by a 4.6 million decrease due to a prior year legal settlement accrual, a 3.9 million decrease in accrued compensation associated with the release of the VAY acquisition restricted asset, a 2.9 million decrease in off-site material accruals, a 2.4 million decrease in other payroll related liabilities due to reduced headcount and timing, a 1.2 million decrease in customer deposits associated with earned sales, and a 0.3 million decrease in the direct return reserve as sales levels declined, offset by a 1.6 million increase in severance accrual. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities of 12.6 million in fiscal 2023 was due to 12.6 million used for capital expenditures, primarily for information technology assets, our digital platform JRNY and production tooling and equipment. We anticipate spending between 4.0 million and 4.5 million in fiscal 2024 for digital platform enhancements, systems integration, and production tooling. 
 
 Cash used in financing activities of 4.0 million in fiscal 2023 was primarily related to payments on our long-term debt of 89.7 million and payment of debt issuance costs of 2.2 million, offset by proceeds from long-term debt of 88.3 million. 
 
 Free Cash Flow 
 
 Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by (used in) minus capital expenditures. We believe that, when viewed with our GAAP results, free cash flow provides management, investors and other users of our financial information with a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our cash flows. We believe free cash flow provides useful additional information to users of our financial information and is an important metric because it represents a measure of how much cash we have available for discretionary and non-discretionary items after the deduction of capital expenditures. We use this metric internally, as we believe our sustained ability to generate free cash flow is an important driver of value creation. However, this non-GAAP financial measure is not intended to supersede or replace our GAAP results. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, to Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP (in thousands): 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 18,846 (66,566) Purchase of property, plant and equipment (12,618) (13,050) Free cash flow 6,228 (79,616) Net loss (105,399) (22,431) Free cash flow as percentage of net loss 5.9 (354.9) 
 
 Financing Arrangements 
 
 SLR Credit Agreement 
 
 On November 30, 2022, we entered into a Term Loan Credit Agreement (the SLR Credit Agreement with Crystal Financial LLC D/B/A SLR Credit Solutions, a Delaware limited liability company, as administrative agent SLR and lenders from time to time party thereto (collectively the Lenders ). 
 
 Pursuant to the SLR Credit Agreement, the Lenders have agreed, among other things, to make available to us a term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to 30.0 million, subject to a borrowing base (the SLR Term Loan Facility ), as such amounts may increase or decrease in accordance with the terms of the SLR Credit Agreement. The principal amount of the loan will initially bear interest based on the Adjusted Term SOFR rate plus a margin of 8.25 . From and after the first day of each fiscal month, commencing with the first fiscal month following the receipt by the Agent of the annual audited financial statements of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of Section 5.1 and clause (a) of Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024 (such date referred to herein as the "2024 Financial Statement Delivery Date"), the margin will be either 7.75 or 8.25 based on whether our fixed charge coverage ratio is greater than 1.00 to 1.00 or less than or equal to 1.00 to 1.00, respectively. 
 
 Borrowings under the SLR Credit Agreement will mature, and all outstanding amounts thereunder will be payable on October 29, 2026, unless the maturity is accelerated subject to the terms set forth in the SLR Credit Agreement or if there is an earlier maturity of the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement (as defined below). The obligations of each Borrower under the SLR Credit Agreement are secured by a lien on substantially all of our assets. 
 
 The SLR Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for financings of this type, including, among other terms and conditions, delivery of financial statements, reports and maintenance of corporate existence, availability subject to a calculated borrowing base, as well as limitations and conditions on our ability to: create, incur, assume or be liable for indebtedness; dispose of assets outside the ordinary course; acquire, merge or consolidate with or into another person or entity; create, incur or allow any lien on any of our property; make investments; or pay dividends or make distributions, in each case subject to certain exceptions. The financial covenants set forth in the SLR Credit Agreement initially require us to (a) maintain minimum excess availability of at least the greater of (i) 10.0 million (subject to increase set forth in the SLR Credit Agreement related to utilization of any incremental term loan facilities thereunder) or (ii) 12.5 of the sum of (x) the line cap under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement (calculated without giving effect to any term pushdown reserve) plus (y) the lesser of (A) the outstanding principal balance of the loans under the SLR Credit Agreement and (B) the borrowing base under the SLR Credit Agreement (the Combined Line Cap ). From and after the date on which both the fixed charge coverage ratio for the previous 12-month period is at least 1.00 to 1.00 and availability under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement is equal to or greater than 20.0 million, we shall no longer be subject to a minimum excess availability covenant but rather would be required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.00:1.00 tested when availability under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (i) 12.5 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any term pushdown reserve), and (ii) 11.0 million, calculated as of the last day of each fiscal quarter (the Financial Covenants ). In addition, the SLR Credit Agreement includes customary events of default, including but not limited to, the nonpayment of principal and interest when due thereunder, breaches of representations and warranties, noncompliance with covenants, acts of insolvency and default on indebtedness held by third parties (subject to certain limitations and cure periods). 
 
 Amendment to Existing WF ABL Revolving Facility 
 
 On November 30, 2022, we also entered into an Amendment (the Amendment to our existing asset-based revolving loan facility with Wells Fargo Bank, NA (the "WF ABL Revolving Facility") and term loan facility (the "WF 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Term Loan Facility" and together with the WF ABL Revolving Facility, the "WF Credit Facility"), dated as of January 31, 2020. 
 
 The Amendment terminated the term loans thereunder in connection with the refinancing described above and permitted the entry into and the lien and guarantees related to the SLR Credit Agreement. The guarantees and liens existing in connection with the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement remained in place upon the closing of the SLR Credit Agreement with respect to the revolving asset-based loans under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement. The Wells Fargo Credit Agreement was also amended to add Financial Covenants consistent with the SLR Credit Agreement. The principal amount of the loans continue to bear interest based on the base rate or the SOFR rate, plus an applicable margin. The Amendment increased the margin applicable to SOFR loans and letters of credit to a range of 5.00 to 5.50 from a range of 1.75 to 2.25 (based on the maximum revolver amount) and the margin applicable to base rate loans to a range of 4.00 to 4.50 from a range of 0.75 to 1.25 (based on the maximum revolver amount). Borrowings under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement are scheduled to mature, and all outstanding amounts thereunder will be payable on October 29, 2026, unless the maturity is accelerated subject to the terms set forth in the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement or if there is an earlier maturity of the SLR Credit Agreement. 
 
 Debt Summary 
 We used the proceeds from the SLR Term Loan Facility to extinguish our existing 9.1 million WF Term Loan Facility, to pay transaction expenses, and for general corporate purposes. In connection with the extinguishment of the WF Fargo Term Loan Facility, we recorded a loss of 0.2 million as a component of Other, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, there was outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest totaled 30.0 million, with 30.0 million and 0.0 million under our SLR Term Loan Facility and WF Revolver, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the financial covenants of both the SLR Credit Agreement and WF Credit Agreement, and 14.9 million was available for borrowing under WF ABL Revolving Facility. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, our interest rate was 12.00 for the WF Revolver and 13.42 for the SLR Term Loan Facility. 
 
 The balance sheet classification of the borrowings under the revolving loan facility has been determined in accordance with ASC 470, Debt . 
 
 For additional information subsequent to year-end related to our Borrowings see Note 25. 
 
 Shelf Registration Statement 
 On November 9, 2020, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 Shelf Registration Statement with the SEC under which we may, from time to time, sell securities in one or more offerings up to a total dollar amount of 100.0 million. However, as of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our public float is less than 75 million, and under SEC regulations for so long as our public float remains less than 75 million, the amount we can raise through primary public offerings of securities in any twelve-month period using our Shelf Registration Statement is limited to an aggregate of one-third of our public float. Once our public float again exceeds 75 million, the number of securities we may sell under our Shelf Registration Statement will no longer be limited by such rules. 
 
 Our ability to issue securities is subject to market conditions. We have not made any offerings of securities under the Shelf Registration Statement. 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 For a description of our commitments and contingencies, refer to Note 24, Commitments and Contingencies , to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements that require us to indemnify counterparties against third-party claims. These may include: agreements with vendors and suppliers, under which we may indemnify them against claims arising from our use of their products or services; agreements with customers, under which we may indemnify them against claims arising from their use or sale of our products; real estate and equipment leases, under which we may indemnify lessors against third-party claims relating to the use of their property; agreements with licensees or licensors, under which we may indemnify the licensee or licensor against claims arising from their use of our intellectual property or our use of their intellectual property; and agreements with parties to debt arrangements, under which we may indemnify them against claims relating to their participation in the transactions. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

The nature and terms of these indemnifications vary from contract to contract, and generally a maximum obligation is not stated. We hold insurance policies that mitigate potential losses arising from certain types of indemnifications. Because we are unable to estimate our potential obligation, and because management does not expect these obligations to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows, no liabilities are recorded at March 31, 2023. 
 
 INFLATION 
 
 We are subject to the effects of inflation through elevated supply chain costs, including logistics costs. Additionally, because we purchase component parts from our suppliers, we may be adversely impacted by their inability to adequately mitigate inflationary, industry, or economic pressures. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations, our business could be more affected by inflation in the future which could have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and operating expenses as a percentage of net sales if we are unable to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 See Note 1 , Significant Accounting Policies , to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

37 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Nautilus, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nautilus, Inc. (a Washington corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, statements of shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated June 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

June 1, 2023 

38 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Nautilus, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Nautilus, Inc. (a Washington corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 2023, and our report dated June 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Bellevue, Washington 
 June 1, 2023 

39 

Table of Contents 

NAUTILUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands) 
 As of March 31, 2023 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash Restricted cash Trade receivables, net of allowances Inventories Prepaids and other current assets Other current assets - restricted Income taxes receivable Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred income tax assets, non-current Income taxes receivable, non-current Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Trade payables Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current portion Financing lease liabilities, current portion Warranty obligations, current portion Income taxes payable Debt payable, current portion, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current Financing lease liabilities, non-current Warranty obligations, non-current Income taxes payable, non-current Deferred income tax liabilities, non-current Other long-term liabilities Debt payable, non-current, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 24) 
 Shareholders' equity: Common stock - par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 NAUTILUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling and marketing General and administrative Research and development Goodwill and intangible impairment charge Restructuring and exit charges Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) Other expense, net ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Loss from continuing operations ) ) Discontinued operations: Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense of discontinued operations ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net loss ) ) Basic loss per share from continuing operations ) ) Basic income per share from discontinued operations Basic loss income per share 
 ) ) Diluted (loss) income per share from continuing operations ) ) Diluted income (loss) per share from discontinued operations Diluted net (loss) income per share 
 ) ) Shares used in per share calculations: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 NAUTILUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of income tax expense of and 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of income tax expense (benefit) of ) and 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 NAUTILUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands) Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Balances at March 31, 2021 ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of income tax expense of 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of income tax expense of 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issued under equity compensation plan, net of shares withheld for tax payments ) ) Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Balances at March 31, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of income tax expense of 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of income tax expense of ) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issued under equity compensation plan, net of shares withheld for tax payments ) ) Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Balances at March 31, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 NAUTILUS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: (Loss) income from continuing operations ) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts Inventory lower-of-cost-or / net realizable value adjustments Stock-based compensation expense (Gain) loss on asset dispositions ) Loss on debt extinguishment Goodwill and other intangible impairment charge Deferred income taxes, net of valuation allowances ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables Inventories ) Prepaids and other assets Income taxes receivable ) Trade payables ) ) Liability-classified stock-based compensation expense Accrued liabilities and other liabilities, including warranty obligations ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of property, plant and equipment and capitalized software development ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Payments on finance lease liabilities ) ) Proceeds from employee stock purchases Proceeds from exercise of stock options Tax payments related to stock award issuances ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid (received) for income taxes, net Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities: Capital expenditures incurred but not yet paid 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the Consolidated Balance Sheets to the total of the same amounts shown above: 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Cash Restricted cash Other current assets - restricted Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 NAUTILUS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1) 
 
 distinct distribution channels, Direct and Retail, which we consider to be separate business segments. Our Direct business offers products directly to consumers through television advertising, catalogs and our websites. Our Retail business offers our products through a network of independent retail companies and specialty retailers with stores and websites located in the U.S. and internationally. We also derive a portion of our revenue from the licensing of our brands and intellectual property. 

46 

Table of Contents 

 In the fiscal year ended March 31 2023 ("fiscal 2023") we had one vendor that accounted for of our trade payables. In the fiscal year ended March 31 2022 ("fiscal 2022") we had three vendors that each individually accounted for more than , but less than of our trade payables. 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our net sales from a small number of our Retail customers. A loss of business from one or more of these large customers, if not replaced with new business, would negatively affect our operating results and cash flows. In fiscal 2023, we had one customer that accounted for of our net sales. In fiscal 2022, we had two customers that one customer each individually accounted for more than , but less than , of our net sales. 
 
 In fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, we had three customers that each individually accounted for more than , but less than , of our trade receivables. 
 
 Restricted Cash 
 We are required by our banking partner to maintain a restricted bank account to cover for exposures on corporate credit cards and letters of credits. The use of these funds are restricted until the exposure with the banking partner is closed. 
 
 Other Current Assets - Restricted 
 Other current assets - restricted represents an escrow account for contingent consideration that was paid to the former owners of VAY AG upon achievement of continued employment over an 18 month period that ended on March 17, 2023. For additional information, refer to Note 2, Business Acquisition . 

For additional information, refer to Note 8, Trade Receivables . 

For additional information, refer to Note 9, Inventories . 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 , and leasehold improvements four -to- and furniture and fixtures which generally range from five -to- . For additional information, refer to Note 10, Property, Plant and Equipment . 
 
 Business Combinations 
 We allocate the purchase price of a business acquisition to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the business combination date. The excess of purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Determining fair value of identifiable assets, particularly intangibles, and liabilities acquired also requires us to make estimates, which are based on all available information and in some cases assumptions with respect to the timing and amount of future revenues and expenses associated with an asset. Unanticipated events or circumstances may occur that could affect the accuracy of our fair value estimates, and under different assumptions, the resulting valuations could be materially different, which could impact the operating results we report. 

million at March 31, 2022 compared to million, the trailing 30-day average, as of June 30, 2022. We performed an interim evaluation and a market capitalization reconciliation during the first quarter of fiscal 2023, which resulted in a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million. In fiscal 2022, our testing resulted in impairment being recognized. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Based on our evaluation, we determined that our long-lived assets were recoverable, and an impairment charge was not required in fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022. 

49 

Table of Contents 

 For additional information, see Note 5, Revenues . 

50 

Table of Contents 

 Charges to reserve Reductions for sales discounts and returns ) ) Balance at end of period 

to, in limited circumstances, the lifetime of certain product components. We record a liability at the time of sale for the estimated costs of fulfilling future warranty claims. If necessary, we adjust the liability for specific warranty-related matters when they become known and are reasonably estimable. Estimated warranty expense is included in cost of sales, based on historical warranty claim experience and available product quality data. Warranty expense is affected by the performance of new products, significant manufacturing or design defects not discovered until after the product is delivered to the customer, product failure rates, and higher or lower than expected repair costs. If warranty expense differs from previous estimates, or if circumstances change such that the assumptions inherent in previous estimates are no longer valid, the amount of product warranty obligations is adjusted accordingly. 

Advertising and promotion costs are included in selling and marketing expenses and totaled million and million for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. Prepaid advertising and promotion costs were million and million for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

maturities. 
 
 For additional information on financial instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis refer to Note 6, Fair Value Measurements . 

52 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 
 acquisitions in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 
 
 On September 17, 2021, we acquired VAY AG VAY for an aggregate purchase of million using cash on hand. Headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland, VAY specializes in computer vision and AI technology solutions and has developed software solutions for human motion analysis using any normal RGB (red-green-blue) camera from a device, such as a laptop, smartphone, or tablet. With a mission to democratize professional human motion analysis, VAY enables clients in fitness and health industries to understand and analyze human movement, providing personalized feedback on repetitions and form in real-time. 
 
 We accounted for the transaction as a business combination. Goodwill recorded at the time of acquisition of million represented the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets and liabilities assumed and is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill recorded in connection with this acquisition was primarily attributable to VAY's intellectual property base, employee workforce and application to 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 million and were expensed in general and administrative costs. Since the acquisition occurred on September 17, 2021, no material amount of net sales or net income related to the VAY business was included in our reported March 31, 2022 financial statements. 
 
 The sellers of VAY have the opportunity to earn additional contingent consideration subject to the achievement of continued employment over an 18 months month period for a total of twenty software engineers. The contingent consideration arrangement of million will be paid to the former owners of VAY upon achievement of these milestones and recognized as compensatory expense over the service period. An escrow account was funded for the contingency consideration and is reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Other current assets - restricted. 
 
 The fair value of acquired technology, which was determined at the acquisition date, primarily uses the cost approach. Other third party costs were also provided and considered in our analysis, where appropriate. In addition to the costs to reproduce each application, a developer's profit, an opportunity cost and an obsolescence factor were considered. The developer's profit represents the profit margin on a market participate developer's investment in the material, labor and overhead costs necessary to develop the intangible asset. 
 
 Purchase Price Allocation 
 The purchase price allocation was determined based on the fair values of the assets and liabilities identified as of the acquisition date and may be adjusted, within a period of no more than 12 months from the acquisition date, if the final fair values change as a result of circumstances existing at the acquisition date, and upon receipt of final appraisals and valuations. Such fair value adjustments may arise in respect of property, plant and equipment upon completion of the necessary valuations and physical verifications of such assets. 
 
 Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses ) Deferred tax assets Developed technology (included in property, plant and equipment) Identifiable assets acquired Accrued liabilities Unearned revenue Deferred tax liabilities, non-current Total liabilities assumed Net identifiable assets acquired ) Goodwill Total assets acquired ) 
 The allocation of the purchase price was based upon valuation information available and estimates and assumptions made as of March 31, 2022. We have verified data and finalizing information including valuation and recording of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the resulting amount of recognized goodwill. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

(3) 
 
 million was released and recorded as a component of income taxes from discontinued operations during fiscal 2023. There were no further significant activities or changes to our discontinued operations during fiscal 2023. 

(4) 
 
 Charges / Accruals (Payments) ) ) ) Accrued liability as of March 31, 2023 

(5) 
 
 Extended warranties and services Royalty income Other (1) 
 Net sales 
 (1) Other revenue is primarily subscription revenue and freight and delivery. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Canada Europe, the Middle East and Africa All other Net sales 
 
 Cash additions Deferred revenue Revenue recognition ) ) Balance at end of period 

(6) 
 
 Total liabilities at fair value 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Total liabilities at fair value 
 
 We did not have any changes to our valuation techniques during any periods presented. 
 
 The fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts is calculated as the present value of estimated future cash flows using discount factors derived from relevant Level 2 market inputs, including forward curves and volatility levels. 
 
 The carrying value of our debt approximates its fair value and falls under Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, as the interest rate is variable and based on current market rates. 

(7) 
 
 million and had maturities of days or less. 
 
 ) Income tax expense (benefit) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 
 For additional information related to our derivatives, see Notes 6 and 19 . 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 (8) 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Trade receivables, net of allowance 
 
 Charges to bad debt expense Write-offs, net ) ) Ending balance 

(9) 
 
 Parts and components Total inventories 

(10) 
 
 Leasehold improvements to Computer software and equipment to Machinery and equipment to Furniture and fixtures to Work in progress (1) 
 N/A Total cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 (1) Work in progress includes information technology assets and production tooling. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

(11) 
 
 . These leases generally contain renewal options to extend for lease term of . For leases that we are reasonably certain we will exercise the lease renewal options, the options were considered in determining the lease term, and associated potential option payments are included in the lease payments. The payments used in the renewal term were estimated using the percentage rate increase of historical rent payments for each location where the renewal will be exercised. 
 
 Payments due under the lease contracts include annual fixed payments for office space. Variable payments including payments for our proportionate share of the building s property taxes, insurance, and common area maintenance are treated as non-lease components and are recognized in the period for which the costs occur. 
 
 Amortization of right of use assets of finance leases assets Interest expense of finance lease liabilities Total lease expense 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Operating lease liabilities, non-current Operating lease liabilities, current Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Property, plant and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Finance lease liabilities, non-current Finance lease liabilities, current Total finance lease liabilities Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities: Operating cash flow from operating leases Finance cash flows from finance leases Additional operating lease information: ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations ROU assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations Reductions to ROU assets resulting from reductions to operating lease obligations Increases to ROU assets resulting from remeasurement of lease obligations Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term: Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Weighted Average Discount Rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 We determined the discount rate for leases using a portfolio approach to determine an incremental borrowing rate to calculate the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 (12) 
 
 Business acquisition (Note 2) Balance, March 31, 2022 Goodwill impairment ) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 
 
 In accordance with ASC 350 Intangibles Goodwill and Other, we perform our goodwill and indefinite-lived trade names impairment valuations annually, on March 31, or sooner if triggering events are identified. While the fair value of our reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values as of March 31, 2022, we observed continued market volatility including significant declines in our market capitalization during the three month period ended June 30, 2022, identified as a triggering event. Our trailing 30-day average market capitalization was approximately million at March 31, 2022 compared to million, the trailing 30-day average, as of June 30, 2022. We performed an interim evaluation and a market capitalization reconciliation during the first quarter of fiscal 2023, which resulted in a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million. 
 
 We assigned assets and liabilities to each reporting unit based on either specific identification or by using judgment for the remaining assets and liabilities that are not specific to a reporting unit. We determined the fair value of our reporting units our ASC 350 analysis using the market approach. In addition, we determined the fair value by adding a control premium observed from recent transactions of comparable companies to determine the reasonableness of that assumption and the fair values of the reporting units estimated in our ASC 350 analysis. Significant unobservable inputs and assumptions inherent in the valuation methodologies from Level 3 inputs were employed and include, but were not limited to, prospective financial information, growth rates, terminal value, royalty rates, discount rates, and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry. We compared the carrying amount of each reporting unit to its respective fair value. We reconciled the aggregate fair values of the reporting units determined in our ASC 350 analysis (as described above) to the enterprise market capitalization plus a reasonable control premium. This total value was compared to a trailing 30-day average market capitalization of approximately million as of June 30, 2022. The market capitalization was allocated to the reporting units using the respective percentages of annual revenue. As a result, the market capitalization reconciliation analysis identified that the Direct reporting unit's fair value was significantly lower than its carrying value, resulting in a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million. 

(13) 
 
 Patents to Accumulated amortization - definite-lived intangible assets ) ) 
 (1) During the first quarter of fiscal 2023, we identified impairment indicators with our indefinite-lived trademarks resulting in a million . 

61 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

(14) 
 
 million as we made a qualitative assessment of the investment after observing impairment indicators upon receipt of the most recent financial statements and third party valuation reports. The fair value was determined by reviewing the financial information and financial performance indicating a significant adverse change in the general market condition the investee operates. We have not recognized any upward adjustments on either an annual or cumulative basis due to observable price changes. 

62 

Table of Contents 

 (15) 
 
 Deferred revenue Reserves (1) 
 Accrued Tariffs Legal settlement (2) 
 Other Total accrued liabilities 
 (1) Reserves primarily consists of inventory, sales return, sales tax and product liability reserves. 
 (2) Legal settlement is a loss contingency accrual related to a legal settlement involving a class action lawsuit related to advertisement of our treadmills. For further information, see Note 24, Commitments and Contingencies. 

(16) 
 
 Accruals Payments ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 (17) 
 
 million, subject to a borrowing base (the SLR Term Loan Facility ), as such amounts may increase or decrease in accordance with the terms of the SLR Credit Agreement. The principal amount of the loan will initially bear interest based on the Adjusted Term SOFR rate plus a margin of . From and after the first day of each fiscal month, commencing with the first fiscal month following the receipt by the Agent of the annual audited financial statements of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of Section 5.1 and clause (a) of Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024 (such date referred to herein as the "2024 Financial Statement Delivery Date"), the margin will be either or based on whether our fixed charge coverage ratio is greater than to 1.00 or less than or equal to to 1.00, respectively. 
 
 Borrowings under the SLR Credit Agreement will mature, and all outstanding amounts thereunder will be payable on October 29, 2026, unless the maturity is accelerated subject to the terms set forth in the SLR Credit Agreement or if there is an earlier maturity of the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement (as defined below). The obligations of each Borrower under the SLR Credit Agreement are secured by a lien on substantially all of our assets. 
 
 The SLR Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for financings of this type, including, among other terms and conditions, delivery of financial statements, reports and maintenance of corporate existence, availability subject to a calculated borrowing base, as well as limitations and conditions on our ability to: create, incur, assume or be liable for indebtedness; dispose of assets outside the ordinary course; acquire, merge or consolidate with or into another person or entity; create, incur or allow any lien on any of our property; make investments; or pay dividends or make distributions, in each case subject to certain exceptions. The financial 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 million (subject to increase set forth in the SLR Credit Agreement related to utilization of any incremental term loan facilities thereunder) or (ii) of the sum of (x) the line cap under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement (calculated without giving effect to any term pushdown reserve) plus (y) the lesser of (A) the outstanding principal balance of the loans under the SLR Credit Agreement and (B) the borrowing base under the SLR Credit Agreement (the Combined Line Cap ). From and after the date on which both the fixed charge coverage ratio for the previous 12-month period is at least to 1.00 and availability under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement is equal to or greater than million, we shall no longer be subject to a minimum excess availability covenant but rather would be required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least : tested when availability under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (i) of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any term pushdown reserve), and (ii) million, calculated as of the last day of each fiscal quarter (the Financial Covenants ). In addition, the SLR Credit Agreement includes customary events of default, including but not limited to, the nonpayment of principal and interest when due thereunder, breaches of representations and warranties, noncompliance with covenants, acts of insolvency and default on indebtedness held by third parties (subject to certain limitations and cure periods). 
 
 Amendment to Existing WF ABL Revolving Facility 
 
 On November 30, 2022, we also entered into an Amendment (the Amendment to our existing asset-based revolving loan facility with Wells Fargo Bank, NA (the "WF ABL Revolving Facility") and term loan facility (the "WF Term Loan Facility" and together with the WF ABL Revolving Facility, the "WF Credit Facility"), dated as of January 31, 2020. 
 
 The Amendment terminated the term loans thereunder in connection with the refinancing described above and permitted the entry into and the lien and guarantees related to the SLR Credit Agreement. The guarantees and liens existing in connection with the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement remained in place upon the closing of the SLR Credit Agreement with respect to the revolving asset-based loans under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement. The Wells Fargo Credit Agreement was also amended to add Financial Covenants consistent with the SLR Credit Agreement. The principal amount of the loans continue to bear interest based on the base rate or the SOFR rate, plus an applicable margin. The Amendment increased the margin applicable to SOFR loans and letters of credit to a range of to from a range of to (based on the maximum revolver amount) and the margin applicable to base rate loans to a range of to from a range of to (based on the maximum revolver amount). Borrowings under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement are scheduled to mature, and all outstanding amounts thereunder will be payable on October 29, 2026, unless the maturity is accelerated subject to the terms set forth in the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement or if there is an earlier maturity of the SLR Credit Agreement. 
 
 Debt Summary 
 We used the proceeds from the SLR Term Loan Facility to extinguish our existing million WF Term Loan Facility, to pay transaction expenses, and for general corporate purposes. In connection with the extinguishment of the WF Fargo Term Loan Facility, we recorded a loss of million as a component of Other, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, there was outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest totaled , with million and million under our SLR Term Loan Facility and WF Revolver, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the financial covenants of both the SLR Credit Agreement and WF Credit Agreement, and million was available for borrowing under WF ABL Revolving Facility. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, our interest rate was for the WF Revolver and for the SLR Term Loan Facility. 

The balance sheet classification of the borrowings under the revolving loan facility has been determined in accordance with ASC 470, Debt . 
 64 

Table of Contents 

(18) ) Non-U.S. (Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) U.S. state ) Non-U.S. Total current Deferred: U.S. federal ) U.S. state ) Non-U.S. ) ) Total deferred ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 State tax, net of U.S. federal tax benefit Non-U.S. income taxes ) Nondeductible operating expenses ) ) Foreign-derived intangible income deduction Section 162(m) limitation ) ) Non-deductible foreign employee stock compensation ) ) Non-deductible acquisition related expenses ) Research and development credit Change in deferred tax measurement rate Change in uncertain tax positions ) ) Excess tax benefit or detriment from stock plans ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Impairment of intangibles ) Capital losses Other ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 
 The income tax expense from continuing operations for the year ended March 31, 2023 was primarily driven by the recording of a U.S. deferred tax asset valuation allowance in the amount of million, which also affected the effective tax rate from continuing operations compared to the statutory rate. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts Inventory valuation Capitalized indirect inventory costs Stock-based compensation expense Deferred rent Deferred revenue Interest expense Net operating loss carryforward Basis difference on long-lived assets Section 174 capitalization Credit carryforward Capital losses Other Gross deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred income tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred income tax liabilities: Prepaid advertising ) ) Other prepaids ) ) Basis difference of long-lived assets ) ) Deferred rent ) ) Other ) ) Deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax assets 
 
 Our deferred income tax assets and liabilities were recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows (in thousands): 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 2022 Deferred income tax assets, non-current Deferred income tax liabilities, non-current ) Net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) 
 
 Valuation Allowance 
 Under ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Income Taxes, we must periodically evaluate deferred tax assets to determine if it is more-likely-than-not that the future tax benefits will be realized. If the negative evidence outweighs the positive, a valuation allowance must be recognized to reduce the net carrying amount of the deferred tax assets to the amount more-likely-than-not to be realized. 
 
 Evaluating the need for, and amount of, a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets often requires significant judgment and extensive analysis of all available evidence on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. Such judgments require us to interpret existing tax law and other published guidance as applied to our circumstances. As part of this 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 million valuation allowance in fiscal 2023 primarily against our domestic uncovered net deferred tax assets. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had a valuation allowance against net deferred income tax assets of million. Of the valuation allowance, million relates to domestic valuation allowance and the remainder of million relates to certain foreign intangible assets and net operating loss carry-forwards. Should it be determined in the future that it is more likely than not that our deferred income tax assets will be realized, an appropriate portion of valuation allowance would be released during the period in which such an assessment is made. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Indefinite U.S. state 2028 - 2043 U.S. state Indefinite Capital loss carryforwards U.S federal and state 2025 Income tax credit carryforwards U.S. federal 2043 U.S. state Indefinite 
 
 The timing and manner in which we are permitted to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited by Internal Revenue Code Section 382, Limitation on Net Operating Loss Carry-forwards and Certain Built-in-Losses Following Ownership Change . 
 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 Additions for tax positions taken in prior years Reductions for tax positions taken in prior years ) Additions for tax positions related to the current year Lapses of statutes of limitations Other ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 During fiscal 2023, we completed a tax deregistration of a foreign entity that was part of the discontinued operations. As a result, the previously unrecognized tax benefit and associated accrued interest and penalty in the amount of million was released and recorded as a component of income taxes from discontinued operations. 
 As of March 31, 2023, of the million of gross unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions outstanding as of March 31, 2023, million would affect our effective tax rate if recognized. 
 We recorded tax-related interest and penalty expense (benefit) of ) million for 2023 and million for 2022. We had a cumulative liability for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 of million and million, respectively. 
 Our U.S. federal income tax returns for 2008 through 2016 are currently open for limited review and for 2017 through 2023 are open for full review by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Further Our state income tax returns for 2008 through 2023 are open to review, depending on the respective statute of limitation in each state. Currently, our U.S. corporate income tax returns for 2016 through 2019 are under IRS examination. In addition, we file income tax returns in several non-U.S. jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitation. 
 
 of the previously unrecognized tax benefits will be recognized due to the expirations of the statutes of limitations. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 (19) 
 
 ) Current period other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Balance, March 31, 2022 ) ) Current period other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 ) ) 

(20) 
 
 of continuous service, commencing on the date of grant. Stock options granted under the 2015 Plan have a contractual term. 
 
 Upon adoption, there were approximately million shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan. The number of shares available for issuance upon adoption of the 2015 Plan included new shares approved, plus any shares of common stock which were previously reserved for issuance under our preceding plan that were not subject to grant as of April 28, 2015, or as to which the stock-based compensation award is forfeited on or after April 28, 2015. The number of shares available for issuance is reduced by (i) shares for each share delivered in settlement of any stock appreciation rights, RSA, RSU or PSU awards, and (ii) share for each share delivered in settlement of a stock option award. In no event shall more than million aggregate shares of common stock subject to stock options, stock appreciation rights, RSA, RSU or PSU awards be granted to any one participant in any one year under the 2015 Plan. 
 
 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan, As Amended 
 On May 1, 2020, our shareholders approved the amendment and restatement of our 2015 Plan (the "Amended 2015 Plan"). Prior to the amendment, there were approximately million shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan, million shares originally reserved under the previous Long Term Incentive Plan and million shares of common stock authorized under the 2015 Plan. The Amended 2015 Plan added an additional million shares to be reserved for issuance. Upon adoption, there were approximately million shares available for issuance under the Amended 2015 Plan. 
 
 The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock subject to stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or stock unit awards which may be granted to any one participant in any one year under the Amended 2015 Plan is million. 
 
 The aggregate number of shares available for issuance under the Amended 2015 Plan will be reduced by one and half ) shares for each share delivered in settlement of any stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock unit or performance unit award, and (1) share for each share delivered in settlement of a stock option award. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 million shares available for future grant under our Amended 2015 Plan, and a total of million shares of our common stock are reserved for future issuance pursuant to awards currently outstanding under the Amended 2015 Plan and our previous plan combined. 
 
 Stock Option Activity 
 Granted Forfeited, canceled or expired ) Outstanding at March 31, 2023 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price Aggregate intrinsic value (in thousands) Weighted average remaining contractual term (in years) 
 
 RSA Activity 
 Granted Vested ) Outstanding at March 31, 2023 
 
 RSU Activity 
 Compensation expense for RSUs is recognized over the estimated requisite service period. Following is a summary of RSU activity (shares in thousands): 
 RSUs Outstanding Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share Outstanding at March 31, 2022 Granted Forfeited, canceled or expired ) Vested ) Outstanding at March 31, 2023 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 shares of our common stock. The fair value of these performance based units use the quoted market value of the Company's stock on the grant date. The PSUs vest based on achievement of goals established for growth in operating income as a percentage of net revenue and return on invested capital over the performance period ended December 31, 2020. The number of shares vesting could range from of the PSU awards if minimum thresholds are achieved to a maximum of . The performance criteria was not met and all shares were forfeited. 
 
 In May 2020, we granted PSU awards to certain of our executive officers and management team covering a total of shares of our common stock. The fair value of these performance based units was determined using the Monte Carlo valuation model. The PSUs vest based on achievement of the goal that measures our relative total shareholder return against pre-approved peers over a performance period ending May 5, 2023. The number of shares that ultimately vest following conclusion of the performance period will be determined based on the level at which the financial goals are achieved. The number of shares vesting can range from of the PSU awards if minimum thresholds are achieved to a maximum of . These awards are expected to vest at achievement. As of March 31, 2023, approximately PSU shares remained, net of actual forfeitures to date. 
 
 In May and September 2021, we granted PSU awards to certain of our executive officers and management team covering a total of shares of our common stock. The fair value of these performance based units use the quoted market value of the Company's stock on the grant date. The PSUs vest based on achievement of our goal regarding paid subscribers, cumulative revenue and cumulative adjusted operating income over a performance period ending May 14, 2024. The number of shares that ultimately vest following conclusion of the performance period will be determined based on the level at which the financial goals are achieved. The number of shares that vest can range from of the PSU awards if minimum thresholds are achieved to a maximum of . These awards are expected to vest at achievement. As of March 31, 2023, PSU shares remained, net of actual forfeitures to date. 
 
 In February 2022, we granted PSU awards to certain of our management team covering a total of shares of our common stock. The fair value of these performance based units was determined using the Monte Carlo valuation model. The PSUs vest based on achievement of the goal of the closing price for our common stock reaching and having a volume weighted average price of at least for consecutive trading days at any time thereafter during the three year period ending February 23, 2025. The number of shares that ultimately vest following conclusion of the performance period will be determined based on the level at which the financial goals are achieved. The number of shares vesting can range from of the PSU awards if minimum thresholds are achieved to a maximum of . These awards are expected to vest at achievement. As of March 31, 2023, PSU shares remained, net of actual forfeitures to date. 
 
 In August 2022, we granted PSU awards to certain of our management team covering a total of shares that could be paid out in a combination of cash equivalent shares that will be subject to liability accounting or shares of our common stock. The fair value of these performance based units use the quoted market value of the Company's stock on the grant date. The PSUs vest based on achievement of paid subscribers and net promoter score of the Bowflex brand measured at March 31, 2025. The number of shares that ultimately vest following conclusion of the performance period will be determined based on the level at which the financial goals are achieved. The number of shares vesting can range from of the PSU awards if minimum thresholds are achieved to a maximum of . These awards are expected to vest at achievement. As of March 31, 2023, PSU shares remained, net of actual forfeitures to date. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Granted and additional goal shares awarded Forfeited, canceled or expired ) Outstanding at March 31, 2023 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 RSAs RSUs PSUs ) ESPP 
 
 Fair value of RSUs vested 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, unrecognized compensation expense for outstanding, but unvested stock-based awards was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP is administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors and provides eligible employees with an opportunity to purchase shares of our common stock at a discount using payroll deductions. The ESPP authorizes the issuance of up to million shares of our common stock, subject to adjustment as provided in the ESPP for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and other similar events. 
 
 Pursuant to the ESPP, and subject to certain limitations specified therein, eligible employees may elect to purchase shares of our common stock in one or more of a series of offerings conducted pursuant to the procedures set forth in the ESPP at a purchase price equal to of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or on the last day of the offering period. Offering periods commence on May 15 and November 15 of each year and are six-months in duration. Purchases under the ESPP may be made exclusively through payroll deductions. 
 Persons eligible to participate in the ESPP generally include employees who have been employed for at least three months prior to the applicable offering date and who, immediately upon purchasing shares under the ESPP, would own directly or indirectly, an aggregate of less than of the total combined voting power or value of all outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 
 Compensation expense for the ESPP is recognized over the six-month offering period based on the total estimated participant contributions and number of shares expected to be purchased. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

Employee shares purchased ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected life (years) N/A N/A Expected volatility 
 
 Dividend yield is based on our current expectation that no dividend payments will be made in future periods. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate is the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon rate, as of the grant date, for issues having a term approximately equal to the expected life of the stock option. For the ESPP, it is the U.S. Treasury six-month constant maturities rate, as of the offering date. 
 
 Expected life is the period of time over which stock options are expected to remain outstanding. We calculate expected term based on the average of the sum of the requisite service periods and the full contractual term. 
 
 Expected volatility is the percentage amount by which the price of our common stock is expected to fluctuate annually during the estimated expected life for stock options. Expected price volatility is calculated using historical daily closing prices over a period matching the weighted-average expected life for stock options, as management believes such changes are the best indicator of future volatility. For the ESPP, expected volatility is the percentage amount by which the price of our common stock is expected to fluctuate semi-annually during the offering period. 

(21) 
 
 Dilutive effect of outstanding options, RSUs, and PSUs Shares used for diluted per share calculations 
 
 The weighted average numbers of shares outstanding listed in the table below were dilutive and are excluded from the computation of diluted per share when there is a loss from continuing operations, as such, the exercise or 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 RSUs PSUs Total potential dilutive shares excluded due to net loss 
 The weighted average numbers of shares outstanding listed in the table below were anti-dilutive and excluded from the computation of diluted income (loss) per share. In the case of RSUs, this is because unrecognized compensation expense exceeds the current value of the awards (i.e., grant date market value was higher than current average market price). In the case of stock options, this is because the average market price did not exceed the exercise price. 
 These shares may be anti-dilutive potential common shares in the future (in thousands): 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Stock options RSUs Total anti-dilutive shares excluded 

(22) 
 
 of the employee's first of eligible pay contributed plus of eligible pay contributed on the next , for a maximum employer matching of . Employees with less than of employment do t get any vesting employer contribution match. For employees with one to of employment vest of employer contribution match. Employees with more than of employment vest of the employer contribution match. All active employees on February 1, 2023 were accelerated to vested in employer match. 

(23) 
 
 operating segments - Direct and Retail. There were no changes in our operating segments during the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 We evaluate performance using several factors, of which the primary financial measures are net sales and reportable segment contribution. Contribution is the measure of profit or loss, defined as net sales less product costs and directly attributable expenses. Directly attributable expenses include selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses, and research and development expenses that are directly related to segment operations. Segment assets are those directly assigned to an operating segment's operations, primarily accounts receivable, inventories, goodwill and other intangible assets. Unallocated assets primarily include cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale securities, derivative securities, shared information technology infrastructure, distribution centers, corporate headquarters, prepaids and other current assets, deferred income tax assets and 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Retail Unallocated royalty Consolidated net sales Contribution: Direct ) ) Retail ) Unallocated royalty Consolidated contribution ) Reconciliation of consolidated contribution to (loss) income from continuing operations: Consolidated contribution ) Amounts not directly related to segments: Operating expenses ) ) Other expense, net ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) (Loss) income from continuing operations ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense: Direct Retail Unallocated corporate Total depreciation and amortization expense As of March 31, Assets: 2023 2022 Direct Retail Unallocated corporate Total assets 
 
 There are no material long-lived assets held outside of the U.S. 
 
 Best Buy Less than 10 of total net sales. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 (24) 
 
 million. 
 
 We have long lead times for inventory purchases and, therefore, must secure factory capacity from our vendors in advance. As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately million, compared to million as of March 31, 2022, in non-cancelable market-based purchase obligations, primarily for inventory purchases expected to be received within the next twelve months. Purchase obligations can vary from quarter-to-quarter and versus the same period in prior years due to a number of factors, including the number of products that are shipped directly to Retail customer warehouses versus through the Company warehouses. As of March 31, 2023, we had no outstanding letters of credit with any of our vendors. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements that require us to indemnify counterparties against third-party claims. These may include: agreements with vendors and suppliers, under which we may indemnify them against claims arising from use of their products or services; agreements with customers, under which we may indemnify them against claims arising from their use or sale of our products; real estate and equipment leases, under which we may indemnify lessors against third-party claims relating to the use of their property; agreements with licensees or licensors, under which we may indemnify the licensee or licensor against claims arising from their use of our intellectual property or our use of their intellectual property; and agreements with parties to debt arrangements, under which we may indemnify them against claims relating to their participation in the transactions. 
 
 The nature and terms of these indemnification obligations vary from contract to contract, and generally a maximum obligation is not stated within the agreements. We hold insurance policies that mitigate potential losses arising from certain types of indemnification obligations. Management does not deem these obligations to be significant to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows and, therefore, no related liabilities were recorded as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 Legal Matters 
 From time to time, in the ordinary course of business, we may be involved in various claims, lawsuits and other proceedings. These legal proceedings involve uncertainty as to the eventual outcomes and losses which may be realized when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. 
 
 Litigation and jury verdicts are, to some degree, inherently unpredictable, and although we have determined that a loss is not probable in connection with any current legal proceeding except for the noted one below, it is reasonably possible that a loss may be incurred in connection with proceedings to which we are a party. Assessment of whether incurrence of a loss is probable, or a reasonable possibility, in connection with a particular proceeding, and estimation of the loss, or a range of loss, involves complex judgments and numerous uncertainties. Management is unable to estimate a range of reasonably possible losses related to litigation in which the damages sought are indeterminate, or the legal and factual basis for the relevant claims have not been developed with specificity. 
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2022, we recorded a million loss contingency related to a legal settlement involving a class action lawsuit related to advertisement of our treadmills. The settlement includes damages, a one-year free membership to JRNY , and administrative fees and was included as a component of general and administrative on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 On June 27, 2022, the Court approved the settlement and no appeals were filed. We paid the settlement damages and related administrative fees during the second quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 We regularly monitor our estimated exposure to these contingencies and, as additional information becomes known, may change our estimates accordingly. We evaluate, on a quarterly basis, developments in legal proceedings, investigations or claims that could affect the amount of any accrual, as well as any developments that would make a 
 77 

Table of Contents 

(25) 
 
 million and of the Combined Line Cap, to the greater of: (a) million and of the Combined Line Cap after the consummation of the first Specified Transaction and (b) million and of the Combined Line Cap after the consummation of each subsequent Specified Transaction. The Company will prepay million for certain Obligations under the Term Loan Credit Agreement with the Net Cash Proceeds received from the consummation of the Specified Transactions and the License Amendment Transaction. 
 
 Other than as specifically provided in the Term Loan Amendment, the Term Loan Amendment had no effect on any schedules, exhibits or attachments to the Term Loan Credit Agreement and the Guaranty and Security Agreements related to the Term Loan Credit Agreement remain in effect. 
 
 Amendment to Existing ABL Credit Agreement 
 
 On April 25, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment (the ABL Amendment by and among the Company, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national association, as agent Wells Fargo and the lenders party thereto, which amended the Company s existing Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2020 (the Existing ABL Credit Agreement and, as amended by the ABL Amendment, the ABL Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, Wells Fargo and the lenders party thereto. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this section of this report have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 
 The ABL Amendment will permit the Company to enter into the Specified Transactions and the License Amendment Transaction, subject to satisfaction of the terms and conditions set forth therein. In connection therewith, the minimum excess Availability covenant will step-down from the greater of: million and of the Combined Line Cap, to the greater of: (a) million and of the Combined Line Cap after the consummation of the first Specified Transaction and (b) million and of the Combined Line Cap after the consummation of each subsequent Specified Transaction. In addition, the ABL Amendment will reduce the maximum revolving loan commitment amount from million to million. 
 
 Other than as specifically provided in the ABL Amendment, the ABL Amendment had no effect on any schedules, exhibits or attachments to the ABL Credit Agreement and the Guaranty and Security Agreement related to the ABL Credit Agreement remains in effect. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 million as part of its ongoing comprehensive strategic review. The sale of these assets, which included the Nautilus brand trademark assets and related licenses, will continue to streamline the Company s brand focus and enhance its financial flexibility. The carrying value of the intangible assets sold was million and the resulting gain, net of transaction costs, will be recorded in Other Income for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 

79 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of March 31, 2023, we conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of March 31, 2023 that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Management's Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. This rule defines internal control over financial reporting as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management's Assessment 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three month period ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item will be set forth under the captions Election of Directors , Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Information About Our Executive Officers, Information Concerning the Board of Directors and Code of Ethics in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC by July 29, 2023 (the "2023 Proxy Statement"). If the 2023 Proxy Statement is not filed with the SEC by July 29, 2023, such information will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by July 29, 2023. 

Ite m 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item will be set forth under the captions Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in our 2023 Proxy Statement. If the 2023 Proxy Statement is not filed with the SEC by July 29, 2023, such information will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by July 29, 2023. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information about our equity compensation plan as of March 31, 2023 (shares in thousands): Plan Category Number of securities 
 to be issued upon exercise 
 of outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights (1),(2) 
 (a) 
 Weighted average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights (3) 
 (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,805 1.63 1,188 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 1,805 1.63 1,188 
 
 (1) Includes approximately 1,169 PSU awards granted to certain executive officers and management team. The awards vest based on service requirements along with achievement of certain financial goals established for a three year performance period, and can range from 30 of the PSU awards if minimum thresholds are achieved to a maximum of 200 . Of the 1,169 PSU shares, 333 are calculated at an estimated 100 of the target award. 
 (2) Excludes 996 RSA and RSU awards outstanding at March 31, 2023, of which 127 RSA shares are subject to vesting and release, and 869 RSU shares are subject to a requisite service period, release and forfeiture. 
 (3) Weighted average exercise price shown in column (b) does not take into account the PSU awards included in column (a) of the table. 
 
 For further information regarding our equity compensation plan, refer to Note 20, Stock-Based Compensation , to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 The information required by this item is included under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our 2023 Proxy Statement. If the 2023 Proxy Statement is not filed with the SEC by July 29, 2023, such information will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by July 29, 2023. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is included under the caption Information Concerning the Board of Directors in our 2023 Proxy Statement. If the 2023 Proxy Statement is not filed with the SEC by July 29, 2023, such information will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by July 29, 2023. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item is included under the caption Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our 2023 Proxy Statement. If the 2023 Proxy Statement is not filed with the SEC by July 29, 2023, such information will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by July 29, 2023. 

82 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 The consolidated financial statements, together with the report thereon of Grant Thornton LLP is included on the pages indicated below: 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 PCAOB ID: 
 38 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 44 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 46 

Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

83 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith and this list is intended to constitute the exhibit index. Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Schedule 14A, as filed with the Commission on April 22, 2008. 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on April 5, 2005. 
 3.3 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on January 31, 2007 . 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 10.1 
 Trademark License Agreement, dated September 20, 2001, by and between Pacific Direct, LLC and the Company - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2001, as filed with the Commission on November 14, 2001. 
 10.2 
 License Agreement dated as of December 29, 2009 between the Company and Fit Dragon International, Inc. - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 as filed with the Commission on March 8, 2010. 
 10.3 
 Technology Transfer and License Agreement dated as of December 29, 2009 between the Company and Fit Dragon International, Inc. - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 as filed with the Commission on March 8, 2010. 
 10.4 
 Office Lease Agreement dated as of July 25, 2011, by and between the Company and Columbia Tech Center, L.L.C. - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on July 29, 2011. 
 10.5 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2012 as filed with the Commission on May 9, 2012. 
 10.6 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2013 as filed with the Commission on August 8, 2013. 
 10.8 
 First Lease Modification Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2014, to the Office Lease by and between the Company and Columbia Tech Center, L.L.C. dated July 25, 2011 - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2014 as filed with the Commission on August 7, 2014. 
 10.9 
 The Company 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K dated April 28, 2015 as filed with the Commission on May 4, 2015. 
 10.10 
 T he Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Form 8-K dated April 28, 2015 as filed with the Commission on May 4, 2015. 
 10.12 
 Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2018 by and between the C ompany and Christopher K. Quatrochi - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 as filed with the Commission on May 8, 2019. 
 10.13 
 Employment Agreement dated July 8, 2019, by and between the Comp any and James Barr IV - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 as filed with the Commission on August 8, 2019. 
 10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement dated December 10, 2019, by and between the Company and Aina Konold - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 as filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020. 
 10.15 
 Employment Agreement dated March 2, 2020, by and between the Company and Becky Alseth - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of our Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2020 as filed with the Commission on February 26, 2021. 
 10.16 
 The Company 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Amended - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K dated May 1, 2020 as filed with the Commission on May 4, 2020. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.17 
 Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association dated January 31, 2020, - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2020 filed with the Commission on May 7, 2020. 
 10.18 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 14, 2020 between the Company and True Fitness Technology, Inc. - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of our Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on October 15, 2020. 
 10.19 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement dated December 11, 2019, by and between the Comp any and Aina Konold - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of our Form S-8 dated February 26, 2020 as filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020. 
 10.20 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement dated February 18, 2020, by and between the Com pany and Becky Alseth - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of our Form S-8 dated February 26, 2020 as filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020. 
 10.21 
 Form of Employee Performance Unit Award Agreement - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K dated May 14, 2021 as filed with the Commission On May 20, 2021. 
 10.22 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Form 8-K dated May 14, 2021 as filed with the Commission On May 20, 2021. 
 10.23 
 Employment Agreement dated March 1, 2021, by and between the Company and Ellen Raim - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-QT for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 as filed with the Commission on May 10, 2021. 
 10.24 
 Employment Agreement dated April 5, 2021, by and between the Company and John R. Goelz - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Form 10-QT for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 as filed with the Commission on May 10, 2021. 
 10.25 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association dated May 13, 2021, - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2021 filed with the Commission on August 9, 2021. 
 10.26 
 Employment Agreement dated August 2, 2021, by and between the Com pany and Alan L. Chan - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 as filed with the Commission on August 9, 2021. 
 10.27 
 Form of Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Vay AG Employees dated September 15, 2021, by and between the Comp any and Vay Employees - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of our Form S-8 dated September 15, 2021 as filed with the Commission on September 15, 2021. 
 10.28 
 Form of Inducement Performance Unit Agreement for Vay AG Employees dated September 15, 2021, by and between the Comp any and Vay Employees - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of our Form S-8 dated September 15, 2021 as filed with the Commission on September 15, 2021. 
 10.29 
 Form of Inducement Stock Plan for Vay AG Employees dated September 15, 2021, by and between the Company and Vay Employees - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of our Form S-8 dated September 15, 2021 as filed with the Commission on September 15, 2021. 
 10.30 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association dated October 29, 2021, - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K dated October 29, 2021 filed with the Commission on November 4, 2021. 
 10.31 
 Form of Employee Performance Unit Award Agreement - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K dated February 23, 2022 as filed with the Commission On February 25, 2022. 
 10.32 
 Credit Agreement dated November 30, 2022, by and between the Comp any and Crystal Financial LLC D/B/A SLR Credit Solution. 
 10.33 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association dated November 30, 2022, - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of our Form 10-Q for the period ending December 31, 2022 filed with the Commission on February 9, 2023. 
 10.34 
 Amendment to Credit Agreement dated April 25, 2023, by and between the Company and Crystal Financial LLC D/B/A SLR Credit Solution. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 10.35 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated April 25, 2023, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 Exhibit No. Description 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL (contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Indicates management contract, compensatory agreement or arrangement, in which our directors or executive officers may participate. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 NAUTILUS, INC. (Registrant) June 1, 2023 By: /s/ James Barr IV Date James Barr IV Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 NAUTILUS, INC. (Registrant) June 1, 2023 By: /s/ Aina E. Konold Date Aina E. Konold Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 NAUTILUS, INC. (Registrant) June 1, 2023 By: /s/ Sarah A. Jones Date Sarah A. Jones Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Jim Barr, Aina E. Konold, Sarah A. Jones and Alan L. Chan, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this report, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on June 1, 2023. 
 
 (Remainder of page is blank.) 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Title /s/ James Barr IV Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) James Barr IV /s/ Aina E. Konold Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Aina E. Konold /s/ Sarah A. Jones Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Sarah A. Jones /s/ Anne G. Saunders Chairperson Anne G. Saunders /s/ Kelley Hall Director Kelley Hall /s/ Shailesh Prakash Director Shailesh Prakash /s/ Patricia M. Ross Director Patricia M. Ross /s/ Ruby Sharma Director Ruby Sharma 
 
 88 

<EX-10.34>
 2
 slr-nautiluscoreivxconse.htm
 EX-10.34

slr-nautiluscoreivxconse 

Execution Version DB1/ 137605851.12 LIMITED CONSENT AND AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT AND LOAN DOCUMENTS This LIMITED CONSENT AND AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT AND LOAN DOCUMENTS (this Agreement ), dated as of April 25, 2023 (the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date is among NAUTILUS, INC., a Washington corporation Nautilus ), NAUTILUS FITNESS CANADA, INC., a corporation organized under the laws of British Columbia Nautilus Canada , and together with Nautilus, each, a Borrower and collectively, the Borrowers ), the Lenders identified on the signature pages hereof as Lenders (which Lenders constitute, as applicable, the Required Lenders, the Supermajority Lenders, and all of the Lenders directly affected by the applicable consents and amendments to be effected by this Agreement (as applicable, the Requisite Lenders )), and CRYSTAL FINANCIAL LLC D/B/A SLR CREDIT SOLUTIONS, a Delaware limited liability company, as agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, Agent ). The Lenders, Agent, and Borrowers are party to that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of November 30, 2022 (as amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise in effect immediately prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement as modified by this Amendment and as the same may be amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise in effect from time to time is referred to herein as the Credit Agreement ). Agent and Borrowers are party to a Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of November 30, 2022 (as amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise in effect immediately prior to the date hereof, the Existing Guaranty and Security Agreement the Existing Guaranty and Security Agreement as modified by this Amendment and as the same may be amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise in effect from time to time is referred to herein as the Guaranty and Security Agreement ), which is the Guaranty and Security Agreement under, and as defined in, the Credit Agreement. Agent and Nautilus Canada are party to a Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of November 30, 2022 (as amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise in effect immediately prior to the date hereof, the Existing Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement the Existing Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement as modified by this Amendment and as the same may be amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise in effect from time to time is referred to herein as the Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement ), which is the Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement under, and as defined in, the Credit Agreement. The Borrowers have informed the Agent and Requisite Lenders that they intend to (i) amend that certain Stairmaster license agreement dated December 5, 2009 (the Stairmaster License Agreement and that certain Schwinn License Agreement dated December 5, 2009 (together with the Stairmaster License Agreement, each as amended and in effect immediately prior to the date hereof, collectively, the Core Nautilus License Agreement ), by and between Nautilus and Core Health and Fitness, LLC Core on substantially the terms and conditions set forth in the letter of intent dated April 3, 2023 with respect to the Core Nautilus License Agreement and pursuant to amendments to such Core Nautilus License Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent (collectively, the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment in exchange for cash consideration of not less than the amount of the closing date cash consideration set forth in a proposed funds flow delivered to and approved in writing by the Agent in its discretion (which may be provided by Agent via email) prior to the consummation of the Core Nautilus 

2 Licenses Agreement Amendment (such amount, the Core Cash Consideration (which is an upfront payment of all royalty payments due and owing to Nautilus by Core under the Core Nautilus License Agreement), (ii) Dispose of the Assets under and as defined in the purchase agreement to be entered into by and between Nautilus and Ideavillage Products Corporation or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, IV in substantially the form delivered to the Agent on April 25, 2023 (such assets, the IV Assets and such purchase agreement, the IV Purchase Agreement in exchange for cash consideration of not less than the amount of the closing date cash consideration set forth in the proposed funds flow delivered to and approved in writing by the Agent in its discretion (which may be provided by Agent via email) on or prior to the date of this Amendment (the Initial Proposed Funds Flow , and as may be updated from time to time by Nautilus with the prior written consent of the Agent (in its sole discretion), the Proposed Funds Flow in respect of the consummation of the IV Purchase Agreement (such amount, the IV Cash Consideration ), and (iii) Dispose of 178,534 shares of Ordinary A-1 Shares of Vi Labs Ltd., an Israeli limited company held by Nautilus (such assets, the Vi Assets pursuant to the terms of a purchase agreement to be entered into, by and between Nautilus and Savano Capital Partners III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership SCP in substantially the form delivered to the Agent on April 25, 2023 (the Vi Purchase Agreement in exchange for cash consideration of not less than the amount of the closing date cash consideration set forth in the Proposed Funds Flow in respect of the consummation of the Vi Purchase Agreement (such amount, the Vi Cash Consideration ). In connection with the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment, the IV Purchase Agreement, and the Vi Purchase Agreement, the Borrowers have requested that the Agent and the Lenders (a) grant certain consents with respect to the Credit Agreement and (b) consent to certain amendments to the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and Security Agreement and the Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement to give effect to the transactions contemplated by the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment (the Core Transaction ), the transactions contemplated by the IV Purchase Agreement (the IV Transaction ), and the transactions contemplated by the Vi Purchase Agreement (the Vi Transaction , and together with the IV Transaction, collectively, the Specified Transactions ). The parties therefore agree as follows: 1. Definitions. Defined terms used but not defined in this Agreement are as defined in the Credit Agreement. 2. Limited Consent. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Credit Agreement, the Lenders hereby consent to the consummation of the Core Transaction and the Specified Transactions so long as: (a) No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing immediately prior to giving effect to any Specified Transaction or the Core Transaction or after giving effect to any Specified Transaction or the Core Transaction; (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Credit Agreement and/or any other Loan Document, promptly upon consummation of the Core Transaction but in any event no later than June 16, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion), all of the Net Cash Proceeds of the Core Cash Consideration received by the Borrowers from Core is used to prepay the principal amount of the Term Loan with the corresponding Early Termination Premium in accordance with Section 2.4(f) of the Credit Agreement; 

3 (c) Promptly upon consummation of the IV Transaction but in any event no later than May 11, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion), all of the Net Cash Proceeds of the IV Cash Consideration received by the Borrowers from IV is used to prepay the principal amount of the Term Loan with the corresponding Early Termination Premium in accordance with Section 2.4(f) of the Credit Agreement; (d) Promptly upon consummation of the Vi Transaction but in any event no later than May 11, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion), all of the Net Cash Proceeds of the Vi Cash Consideration received by the Borrowers from SCP is used to prepay the principal amount of the Term Loan with the corresponding Early Termination Premium in accordance with Section 2.4(f) of the Credit Agreement; (e) On or prior to May 11, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion) solely to the extent the IV Transaction is consummated, the IV Purchase Agreement is duly executed by the parties thereto and delivered to the Agent, together with a certificate of Nautilus certifying that the IV Purchase Agreement is a true, correct and complete copy, and the transactions contemplated thereby have been consummated; (f) On or prior to May 11, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion) solely to the extent the Vi Transaction is consummated, the Vi Purchase Agreement is duly executed by the parties thereto and delivered to the Agent, together with a certificate of Nautilus certifying that the Vi Purchase Agreement is a true, correct and complete copy, and the transactions contemplated thereby have been consummated; (g) On or prior to June 16, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion) solely to the extent the Core Transaction is consummated, the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment is duly executed by the parties thereto and delivered to the Agent, together with a certificate of Nautilus certifying that such amendments are true, correct and complete copies, and the transactions contemplated thereby have been consummated; and (h) On or prior to the effective date of each Specified Transaction and the Core Transaction (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion), the Agent shall have received an updated ABL Borrowing Base Certificate and Term Loan Borrowing Base Certificate (collectively, the Pro Forma Borrowing Base Certificates giving pro forma effect to each such Specified Transaction and the Core Transaction, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent. The foregoing consent shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth herein and shall not (i) be construed as a consent to any breach, Default or Event of Default, other than as specifically set forth herein nor as a consent to any breach, Default or Event of Default of which the Agent and/or the Lenders have not been informed by the Loan Parties, (ii) affect the right of the Agent and/or the Lenders to demand compliance by the Loan Parties with all terms and conditions of the Loan Documents, except as specifically set forth herein, (iii) be deemed consent to any transaction or future action on the part of the Loan Parties requiring the Agent s and/or the Lenders consent or approval under the Loan Documents, or (iv) except as specifically set forth herein, be deemed or construed to be a consent or release of, or a limitation upon, the Agent s and/or the Lenders exercise of any rights or remedies under the Credit 

4 Agreement or any other Loan Document, whether arising as a consequence of any Default or Event of Default which may now exist or otherwise, all such rights and remedies hereby being expressly reserved. 3. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement. Effective as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, and in reliance on the representations and warranties of Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and in the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, each of the parties hereto agree: (a) The following definitions are added to Section 1.1 of the Existing Credit Agreement in appropriate alphabetical order: Amendment No. 1 means Limited Consent and Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement and Loan Documents, dated as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto and the Agent. Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means April 25, 2023. Applicable ABL Availability Amount means (a) prior to the consummation of any Specified Transaction, 10,000,000; (b) on and after the consummation of any of the IV Transaction or the Vi Transaction, 9,000,000; and (c) on and after the consummation of both the IV Transaction and the Vi Transaction, 7,000,000. Core Nautilus License Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 1. Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 1. Core Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 1. IV has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 1. IV Purchase Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 1. IV Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 1. Specified Transactions has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 1. Vi Purchase Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 1. Vi Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 1. (b) The definition of Covenant Testing Period set forth in Section 1.1 of the Existing Credit Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: Covenant Testing Period means a period (a) commencing on the last day of the fiscal month of Borrowers most recently ended prior to a Springing Trigger Event for which Borrowers are required to deliver to Agent monthly, quarterly, or annual financial 

5 statements pursuant to Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement, and (b) continuing through and including the first day after such Springing Trigger Event that ABL Availability has equaled or exceeded the greater of (i) 12.5 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), and (ii) the Applicable ABL Availability Amount for 30 consecutive days. (c) The definition of Domestic Borrowing Base set forth in Section 1.1 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following language at the end thereof: For the avoidance of doubt, (x) solely after the consummation of the IV Transaction, (1) any IP that is the subject of a Disposition pursuant to the IV Transaction shall be deemed not to be Eligible IP, and (2) any Inventory subject to IP disposed of in connection with the IV Transaction shall be deemed ineligible from and after the date that the IV Transaction is consummated notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or any other Loan Document, and (y) solely from and after the date of the consummation of the Core Transaction, (1) any IP subject to the Core Nautilus License Agreement (as amended by the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment) shall be deemed not to be Eligible IP, and (2) any Inventory subject to IP licensed pursuant to the Core Nautilus License Agreement (as amended by the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment) shall be deemed not to be Eligible Inventory. (d) The definition of Increased Reporting Event set forth in Section 1.1 of the Existing Credit Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: Increased Reporting Event means if at any time ABL Availability is less than the greater of (a) 15.0 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve) and (b) 12,500,000. (e) Clause (p) of the definition of Permitted Dispositions set forth in Section 1.1 of the Existing Credit Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: (p) subject to the terms and conditions of Amendment No. 1, the IV Transaction, the Vi Transaction, and the acceleration of the royalty stream revenues pursuant to the terms of the Core Nautilus License Agreement (as amended by the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment); (f) The definition of Springing Trigger Event set forth in Section 1.1 of the Existing Credit Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: Springing Trigger Event means if at any time ABL Availability is less than the greater of (i) 12.5 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), and (ii) the Applicable ABL Availability Amount. (g) Clause (ii) of Section 6.6(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: (ii) subject to the limited consent provided in Amendment No. 1, any Material Contract (other than the Pacific Direct License Agreement) except to the extent that such 

6 amendment, modification, or change could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders, (h) Section 7.1 of the Existing Credit Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 7.1 Minimum Excess ABL Availability. Prior to the FCCR Financial Covenant Trigger Date, the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries shall at all times maintain ABL Availability of not less than the greater of (a) the Applicable ABL Availability Amount and (b) 12.5 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve). 4. Amendments to Certain Loan Documents (a) Amendments to Existing Guaranty and Security Agreement. Effective as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, and in reliance on the representations and warranties of Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and in the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, each of the parties hereto agree that the definitions of Cash Dominion Event and Cash Dominion Period appearing in Section 1(a) of the Existing Guaranty and Security Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows: Cash Dominion Event means the occurrence of either of the following: (A) the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, or (B) ABL Availability is less than the greater of (x) 15 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), and (y) 12,500,000 for any time. Cash Dominion Period means the period commencing after the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Event and continuing until the date when (A) no Event of Default shall exist and be continuing, and (B) ABL Availability is greater than the greater of (x) 15 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), and (y) 12,500,000 for 30 consecutive days. (b) Amendments to Existing Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement. Effective as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, and in reliance on the representations and warranties of Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and in the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, Agent and Nautilus Canada agree that the definitions of Cash Dominion Event and Cash Dominion Period appearing in Section 1(a) of the Existing Guaranty and Security Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows: Cash Dominion Event means the occurrence of either of the following: (A) the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, or (B) ABL Availability is less than the greater of (x) 15 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), and (y) US 12,500,000 for any time. Cash Dominion Period means the period commencing after the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Event and continuing until the date when (A) no Event of Default shall exist and be continuing, and (B) ABL Availability is greater than the greater 

7 of (x) 15 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), and (y) US 12,500,000 for 30 consecutive days. 5. Specified Transaction Fee. On the date that the first Specified Transaction is consummated, the Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for its sole and separate account and not for the account of any Lender, a fee in an amount equal to 25 basis points multiplied by the total outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan as of such date after giving pro forma effect to any prepayment of the Term Loan in connection with such Specified Transaction and any other Specified Transactions consummated on such date (such fee, the Specified Transaction Fee ). The Specified Transaction Fee is due and payable in full on the date that the first Specified Transaction is consummated, will be deemed fully earned on the date when due, and will be non-refundable when paid. For the avoidance of doubt, no other fee under this Agreement shall be due and payable to the Agent or any Lender in connection with any Specified Transaction consummated after the first Specified Transaction or the Core Transaction. 6. Covenant. The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that any Inventory subject to IP disposed of in connection with the IV Transaction shall not be included in the ABL Borrowing Base notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or any other Loan Document or any ABL Loan Document. 7. Representations. To induce Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement, Borrowers hereby represent to Agent and the Lenders as follows: (a) that each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) is qualified to do business in any jurisdiction where the failure to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) has all requisite power and authority to own and operate its properties, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby; (b) as to each Loan Party, that the execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, as amended by this Agreement, do not and will not (i) violate any material provision of federal, state, or local law or regulation applicable to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Governing Documents of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or any order, judgment, or decree of any court or other Governmental Authority binding on any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any Material Contract or any other material agreement of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries where any such conflict, breach or default could individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien of any nature whatsoever upon any assets of any Loan Party, other than Permitted Liens, or (iv) require any approval of any holder of Equity Interests of a Loan Party or any approval or consent of any Person under any Material Contract or any other material agreement of any Loan Party, other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except, in the case of Material Contracts or other material agreements, for consents or approvals, the failure to obtain could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect; 

8 (c) that each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is a party thereto and is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited by equitable principles or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally; (d) that the representations and warranties of each Borrower and, to the extent applicable, each other Loan Party or its Subsidiaries contained in the Credit Agreement or in the other Loan Documents, as amended by this Agreement, are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier is not applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on and as of the date of this Agreement, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties continue to be true and correct as of such earlier date); and (e) that as of the date of this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 8. Conditions. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions: (a) that Agent has received the following: (i) this Agreement executed by Agent, the Lenders, and Borrowers and a Consent of ABL Agent in the form attached to this Agreement executed by ABL Agent; and (ii) an amendment to the ABL Credit Agreement executed by ABL Agent, the ABL Lenders and Nautilus and a Consent of Agent in the form attached to such amendment executed by Agent; (b) unless waived by Agent, Borrowers have paid to Agent all reasonable fees, charges, and disbursements of counsel to Agent to the extent invoiced prior to or on the date of this Agreement, plus such additional amounts of such reasonable fees, charges, and disbursements as constitute its reasonable estimate of such reasonable fees, charges, and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing of this Agreement (provided, that such estimate will not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between Borrowers and Agent); and (c) that all legal matters incident to the execution and delivery of this Agreement are satisfactory to Agent and its counsel. 9. Release of Liens. (a) Upon consummation of the IV Transaction in accordance with the consents set forth in Section 2 hereof and the receipt by the Agent of the Net Cash Proceeds paid by IV to Borrowers as consideration for such transaction, (i) Agent s security interest in and Lien upon the IV Assets shall be automatically released without further action by any party (collectively, the IV Assets Release ), (ii) 

9 Borrowers, IV or their respective designee(s) shall be authorized to file of record, at Borrowers sole cost and expense, a partial release of Agent s intellectual property security agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A-1, releasing solely and exclusively the intellectual property of the Borrowers constituting IV Assets from the Collateral and (iii) Agent shall deliver to the Borrowers a UCC-3 amendment of Agent s UCC-1 Financing Statement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A- 2, releasing solely and exclusively the IV Assets indicated therein from the applicable Collateral, and Borrowers, IV or their respective designee(s) shall be authorized to file of record, at Borrowers sole cost and expense, such UCC-3 amendment. (b) Upon consummation of the Vi Transaction in accordance with the consents set forth in Section 2 hereof and the receipt by the Agent of the Net Cash Proceeds paid by Vi to Borrowers as consideration for such transaction, (i) Agent s security interest in and Lien upon the Vi Assets shall be automatically released without further action by any party (the Vi Assets Release and (ii) Borrowers, Vi or their respective designee(s) shall be authorized to file of record, in each case, at Borrowers sole cost and expense, a UCC-3 amendment of Agent s UCC-1 Financing Statement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, releasing solely and exclusively the Vi Assets indicated therein from the applicable Collateral. (c) Promptly upon written request of Borrowers, Agent agrees to deliver to Borrowers, IV, Vi, or its or their designee(s), at Borrowers sole cost and expense, such other similar instruments and documents necessary and reasonably requested by Borrowers in writing evidencing the IV Assets Release and/or the Vi Assets Release, as applicable, which such similar instruments and documents shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Agent. 10. Release of Agent and Lenders by Loan Parties. Each Loan Party hereby waives and releases any and all current existing claims, counterclaims, defenses, or set-offs of every kind and nature which it has or might have against Agent or any Lender arising out of, pursuant to, or pertaining in any way to the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and Security Agreement, any other Loan Document, any and all documents and instruments delivered in connection with or relating to the foregoing, or this Agreement. Each Loan Party hereby further covenants and agrees not to sue Agent or any Lender or assert any claims, defenses, demands, actions, or liabilities against Agent or any Lender which occurred prior to or as of the date of this Agreement arising out of, pursuant to, or pertaining in any way to the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and Security Agreement, any other Loan Document, any and all documents and instruments delivered in connection with or relating to the foregoing, or this Agreement. 11. Miscellaneous. (a) THE VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION, AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF, THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO WITH RESPECT TO ALL MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO, AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES OR DISPUTES ARISING HEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO SHALL BE DETERMINED UNDER, GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCLUDING THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO CONFLICTS OR CHOICE OF LAW (OTHER THAN THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW 5-1401)) 

10 (b) This Agreement binds Agent, the Lenders, and Borrowers and their respective successors and assigns, and will inure to the benefit of Agent, the Lenders, and Borrowers and the successors and assigns of Agent and each Lender. (c) Except as specifically set forth herein, all other terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and Security Agreement, the Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall continue in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed, and the Obligations are and continue to be secured by the Collateral, as modified hereby. Each Borrower, by execution of this Agreement, hereby reaffirms, assumes, and binds itself to all of the obligations, duties, rights, covenants, terms, and conditions that are contained in the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and Security Agreement, the Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as amended by this Agreement. (d) Each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, or words of like import, and each reference to the Credit Agreement in any and all instruments or documents delivered in connection therewith, will be deemed to refer to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement. Each reference in the Guaranty and Security Agreement and in the Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, or words of like import, and each reference to the Guaranty and Security Agreement and to the Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement in any and all instruments or documents delivered in connection therewith, will be deemed to refer to the Guaranty and Security Agreement and the Canadian Guaranty and Security Agreement, each as amended by this Agreement. (e) This Agreement is a Loan Document. Borrowers acknowledge that Agent s reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred in drafting this Agreement and in amending the Loan Documents as provided in this Agreement constitute Lender Group Expenses. (f) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by electronic mail or other electronic method of transmission shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by electronic mail or other electronic method of transmission also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Agreement. 12. No Novation. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the Obligations outstanding under the Loan Documents or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except as modified hereby. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages to Follow.] 

CRYSTAL FINANCIAL LLC D IB/ A SLR CREDIT SOLUTIONS, as Agent Name: Michael Stavrakos Title: Director Signature page to Limited Consent and Amendment No. I to Term Loan Credit Agreement and Loan Documents (Nautilus) 

CRYSTAL FINANCIAL SPV LLC, as a Lender Name: Michael Stavrakos Title: Director Signature page to Limited Consent and Amendment No. I to Term Loan Credit Agreement and Loan Documents (Nautilus) 

DB1/ 137605851.12 EXHIBIT A-1 IV Assets IPSA Amendment (See attached.) 

PARTIAL RELEASE OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRADEMARKS This PARTIAL RELEASE OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRADEMARKS (this Partial Release is granted as of April 25, 2023 by CRYSTAL FINANCIAL LLC D/B/A SLR CREDIT SOLUTIONS, as administrative agent (the Grantee or the Agent ), in favor of NAUTILUS, INC., a Washington corporation (the Grantor WHEREAS, the Grantor, among others, has executed and delivered: (i) that certain Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2022 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and in effect on the date hereof, the Security Agreement capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Security Agreement), in favor of the Agent and (ii) that certain Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2022 (the Trademark Security Agreement and, together with the Security Agreement, collectively, the Agreements ), which was recorded with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the PTO on November 30, 2022, at Reel 7915 and Frame 0928; and WHEREAS, the Grantor has requested that the Grantee release and terminate the security interest granted by the Grantor to the Grantee pursuant to the Agreements, but solely with respect to the trademarks listed on Schedule A attached hereto (each a Specified Mark and, collectively, the Specified Marks ), together with (a) all applications and registrations with respect to the Specified Marks, (b) all goodwill of the businesses connected with the use of, and symbolized by, each Specified Mark and (c) all products and proceeds (as defined in the Code) of the foregoing, including any claim against third parties for past, present or future (i) infringement or dilution of any Specified Mark, including the right to receive any damages or (ii) injury to the goodwill associated with any Specified Mark (the Specified Marks, together with clauses (a) through (c) above, collectively, the Released Collateral ). NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Grantee does hereby (i) terminate, release and discharge, without any representation or warranty, any and all liens and security interests it may have in, to and under the Released Collateral and (ii) terminate the Agreements solely with respect to the Released Collateral. Any right, title or interest of the Grantee in the Released Collateral shall hereby terminate, cease and become void. The Grantee hereby assigns, transfers and conveys any and all right, title and interest of the Grantee in the Released Collateral to the Grantor. The Grantee hereby authorizes and requests that the PTO, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office and any other applicable government authority note and record this Partial Release. Except for the release of the Specified Marks specifically identified on Schedule A attached hereto and the other Released Collateral, all terms and provisions of the Agreements shall remain in full force and effect. Nothing contained herein shall in any way impair the validity or enforceability of any Agreement, as modified hereby, or alter, waive, annul, vary, affect or impair any provisions, conditions or covenants contained therein or any rights, powers, or remedies granted therein. Except as specifically released hereby, any lien and/or security interest granted in any Trademark pursuant to any Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect and shall continue to secure the payment and performance of all of the Secured Obligations. THIS PARTIAL RELEASE OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRADEMARKS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. [The Remainder of this Page is Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed and delivered this Partial Release as of the date above first written. CRYSTAL F'INANCIAL LLC DIBIA SLR CREDIT SOLUTIONS By: Name: Michael Title: Director Stavrakos [Signature Page to Partial Release of Security Interest in Trademarks] 

4874-1450-8383v.3 SCHEDULE A SPECIFIED MARKS U.S. RELEASED TRADEMARKS Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status GRAVITRON UNITED STATES 73665138 6/8/1987 1473346 1/19/1988 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 72447164 1/29/1973 991897 8/27/1974 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 73048718 4/7/1975 1084853 2/7/1978 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 73555481 8/26/1985 1391673 4/29/1986 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 75806511 9/24/1999 2970870 7/19/2005 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 78266563 6/24/2003 3122558 8/1/2006 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 87005055 4/18/2016 5103964 12/20/2016 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE UNITED STATES 77111067 2/20/2007 3432235 5/20/2008 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) UNITED STATES 76610555 9/9/2004 3008430 10/25/2005 REGISTERED 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Swirl Design (Cam Logo) UNITED STATES 78838125 3/15/2006 3415999 4/22/2008 REGISTERED FOREIGN RELEASED TRADEMARKS Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status GRAVITRON BRAZIL 817288112 6/25/1993 817288112 6/6/1995 REGISTERED GRAVITRON GERMANY P37207 11/9/1988 1133915 1/30/1989 REGISTERED Miscellaneous Shell Design 6 CHINA 1747968 3/2/2001 1747968 4/14/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) Miscellaneous Shell Design 6 CHINA 1751833 3/2/2001 1751833 4/7/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Miscellaneous Shell Design 6 TAIWAN 090010539 3/22/2001 00996532 5/1/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) Miscellaneous Shell Design 6 TAIWAN 090010549 3/22/2001 00163074 4/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS ARGENTINA 3328972 5/26/2014 2727947 5/26/2015 REGISTERED NAUTILUS AUSTRALIA 328698 2/13/1979 328698 2/13/1979 REGISTERED NAUTILUS BRAZIL 810753146 2/3/1982 810753146 8/23/1988 REGISTERED NAUTILUS CANADA 474,542 8/25/1981 TMA383,083 4/19/1991 REGISTERED NAUTILUS CANADA 0518,899 3/22/1984 TMA325,920 4/10/1987 REGISTERED NAUTILUS CHILE 838159 9/23/2008 853114 6/18/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS CHINA 1766910 3/2/2001 1766910 5/14/2012 REGISTERED (Did not renew was subject to a cancellation action by an individual named Wang Yanshuo) NAUTILUS CHINA 1941531 3/2/2001 1941531 8/28/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS CHINA 1949896 3/2/2001 1949896 11/21/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS CHINA 2015466 3/2/2001 2015466 11/28/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS COLOMBIA 06204123 3/30/2006 405471 4/14/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS COLOMBIA 92304056 6/28/2003 141220 6/28/2003 REGISTERED NAUTILUS COLOMBIA 92304059 11/21/2014 170840 11/21/2014 REGISTERED NAUTILUS DENMARK VA198001408 3/28/1980 VR198004234 11/14/1980 REGISTERED 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS DENMARK VA198103082 7/22/1981 VR198402841 8/10/1984 REGISTERED NAUTILUS EGYPT 148844 2/6/2002 148844 2/6/2002 REGISTERED NAUTILUS EUROPEAN UNION (EUTM RCD) 001756774 7/3/2000 001756774 2/28/2003 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED KINGDOM 001756774 7/3/2000 UK00901756774 2/28/2003 REGISTERED NAUTILUS FRANCE 304673 8/22/1991 1688501 8/22/1991 REGISTERED NAUTILUS GERMANY J16926 7/22/1981 1029288 2/12/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS GERMANY N19945 10/2/1985 1089597 3/24/1986 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED KINGDOM 1158220 7/23/1981 1158220 7/23/1981 REGISTERED NAUTILUS GUATEMALA 164736 10/16/2007 164736 7/22/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS HONG KONG 19820589 7/14/1981 19820589 3/5/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS HONG KONG 19820590 7/14/1981 19820590 3/5/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS HONG KONG 200112858AA 1/5/2001 200112858AA 11/13/2001 REGISTERED NAUTILUS INDIA 649412 12/21/1994 649412 5/11/2005 REGISTERED NAUTILUS INDIA 649408 12/21/1994 649408 12/21/1994 REGISTERED NAUTILUS IRELAND 100631 7/20/1981 100631 12/14/1983 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ITALY 362021000148508 9/9/1981 362021000148508 8/25/1986 REGISTERED NAUTILUS JAPAN S59078184 7/19/1984 2036329 4/26/1988 REGISTERED NAUTILUS MALAYSIA M91862 8/24/1981 M91862 8/24/1981 REGISTERED NAUTILUS MEXICO 230163 4/21/1995 495699 6/28/1995 REGISTERED NAUTILUS NEW ZEALAND 137828 7/7/1981 137828 12/20/1990 REGISTERED NAUTILUS NEW ZEALAND 137829 7/7/1981 137829 12/21/1990 REGISTERED NAUTILUS NEW ZEALAND 137830 7/7/1981 137830 12/21/1990 REGISTERED NAUTILUS NEW ZEALAND 137831 7/7/1981 137831 12/21/1990 REGISTERED NAUTILUS NORWAY 812000 7/21/1981 129689 8/13/1987 REGISTERED NAUTILUS PERU 418246-2010 4/5/2006 141834 11/20/2007 REGISTERED NAUTILUS PERU 345322 2/22/2008 145159 11/19/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS RUSSIA 2008721449 7/7/2008 386823 8/14/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SINGAPORE T8103140B 7/17/1981 T8103140B 2/6/1985 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SINGAPORE T8103141J 7/17/1981 T8103141J 8/24/1983 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SINGAPORE T8103142I 7/17/1981 T8103142I 8/17/1983 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SINGAPORE T8103143G 7/17/1981 T8103143G 8/13/1988 REGISTERED 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS SOUTH AFRICA 2008/23426 10/3/2008 2008/23426 10/3/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SOUTH KOREA 5020040003651 3/23/2004 4000996410000 3/27/2004 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SPAIN 982034 8/1/1981 982034 9/6/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SWEDEN 1981/03845 7/21/1981 184446 12/17/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SWITZERLAND 04073/1981 7/29/1981 2P-318660 10/11/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010511 3/22/2001 00991845 4/1/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010512 3/22/2001 00994024 4/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010513 3/22/2001 01006821 7/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010515 3/22/2001 00999112 5/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010516 3/22/2001 01002446 6/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010518 3/22/2001 1019657 10/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010519 3/22/2001 00996914 5/1/2002 REGISTERED NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010520 3/22/2001 00991050 3/16/2002 REGISTERED NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010521 3/22/2001 01008715 7/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010522 3/22/2001 00161632 3/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010523 3/22/2001 00163072 4/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS THAILAND 701723 7/11/2008 TM303899 7/11/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED ARAB EMR 42937 6/16/2001 34014 10/19/2002 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED ARAB EMR 46573 3/10/2002 370660 4/12/2003 REGISTERED NAUTILUS BAHRAIN WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 7/8/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ICELAND WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 12/3/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS MOROCCO WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 1/8/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS MOLDOVA WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 1/8/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS MONTENEGRO WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 1/8/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS WIPO WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 12/3/2008 REGISTERED 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS SERBIA WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 1/8/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS VENEZUELA 2016-021118 12/22/2016 PUBLISHED NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010524 3/22/2001 00991846 4/1/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010526 3/22/2001 00994557 4/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010528 3/22/2001 01007722 7/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010531 3/22/2001 1015771 9/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010533 3/22/2001 985962 2/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010535 3/22/2001 00161633 3/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010536 3/22/2001 00163073 4/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS and Katakana Characters JAPAN S30006489 3/11/1955 475764 1/25/1956 REGISTERED NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters CHINA 1747969 3/2/2001 1747969 4/14/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters CHINA 1751832 3/2/2001 1751832 4/21/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters CHINA 1941534 3/2/2001 1941534 8/28/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters CHINA 1949893 3/2/2001 1949893 11/21/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters HONG KONG 200111377AA 1/8/2001 200111377AA 10/4/2001 REGISTERED NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters CHINA 27653563 11/23/2017 27653563 1/28/2019 REGISTERED 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design CANADA 0779,554 4/4/1995 TMA539110 1/3/2001 REGISTERED NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design CANADA 0556,893 2/6/1986 TMA454,482 2/23/1996 REGISTERED NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design FRANCE 1353894 5/7/1986 1353894 5/7/1986 REGISTERED 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design IRELAND 116960 10/9/1985 116960 10/9/1985 REGISTERED NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design ITALY 362015000047095 10/13/2005 302005901350313 9/9/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design JAPAN H09-105944 4/11/1997 4304339 8/13/1999 REGISTERED NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design JAPAN H11115523 12/17/1999 4436487 12/1/2000 REGISTERED 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design SWITZERLAND 03863/1986 6/16/1986 P-348265 9/9/1986 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE NEW ZEALAND 774214 8/20/2007 774214 2/21/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE SOUTH AFRICA 200718721 8/20/2007 200718721 8/20/2007 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE UNITED ARAB EMR 99060 8/21/2007 94696 5/5/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE UNITED KINGDOM WO934771 8/17/2007 UK008WO934771 8/1/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE AUSTRALIA WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 2/4/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE SWITZERLAND WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 3/27/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE EUROPEAN UNION (EUTM RCD) WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 8/1/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE JAPAN WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 1/30/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE WIPO WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 8/17/2007 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE RUSSIA WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 8/17/2007 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) JAPAN WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 2/24/2006 REGISTERED 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Swirl Design (Cam Logo) BRAZIL 829753419 6/6/2008 829753419 8/9/2011 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) CANADA 1,249,526 3/4/2005 TMA724,462 9/25/2008 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) HONG KONG 301147220 6/24/2008 301147220 10/17/2008 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) MEXICO 705510 3/4/2005 888613 6/27/2005 REGISTERED 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Swirl Design (Cam Logo) TAIWAN 094009623 3/4/2005 01181764 11/16/2005 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) UNITED KINGDOM WO846373 3/3/2005 UK008WO846373 4/4/2006 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) AUSTRALIA WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 9/26/2005 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) SWITZERLAND WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 11/5/2006 REGISTERED 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Swirl Design (Cam Logo) CHINA WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 11/5/2006 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) EUROPEAN UNION (EUTM RCD) WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 4/4/2006 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) WIPO WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 3/3/2005 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) UNITED ARAB EMR 324673 1/28/2020 324673 5/23/2020 REGISTERED 

4874-1450-8383v.3 Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Swirl Design (Cam Logo) SINGAPORE 40201927098Y 12/13/2019 40201927098Y 6/6/2020 REGISTERED 

DB1/ 137605851.12 EXHIBIT A-2 IV Assets UCC-3 Amendment (See attached.) 

1b. This FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT is to be filed [for record] (or recorded) in the REAL ESTATE RECORDS Filer: attach Amendment Addendum (Form UCC3Ad) and provide Debtor s name in item 13 THE ABOVE SPACE IS FOR FILING OFFICE USE ONLY RESTATE covered collateral ASSIGN collateral Check one of these three boxes to: FIRST PERSONAL NAME SUFFIXADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S)OR A. NAME PHONE OF CONTACT AT FILER (optional) 1a. INITIAL FINANCING STATEMENT FILE NUMBER PARTY INFORMATION CHANGE: ASSIGNMENT (full or partial): Provide name of Assignee in item 7a or 7b, and address of Assignee in item 7c and name of Assignor in item 9 For partial assignment, complete items 7 and 9 and also indicate affected collateral in item 8 TERMINATION: Effectiveness of the Financing Statement identified above is terminated with respect to the security interest(s) of Secured Party authorizing this Termination Statement CONTINUATION: Effectiveness of the Financing Statement identified above with respect to the security interest(s) of Secured Party authorizing this Continuation Statement is continued for the additional period provided by applicable law 2. 3. 4. 6b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME 6a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME DELETE name: Give record name to be deleted in item 6a or 6b 6. CURRENT RECORD INFORMATION: Complete for Party Information Change - provide only one name (6a or 6b) 7. CHANGED OR ADDED INFORMATION: Complete for Assignment or Party Information Change - provide only one name (7a or 7b) (use exact, full name; do not omit, modify, or abbreviate any part of the Debtor s name) 8. UCC FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS ADD name: Complete item 7a or 7b, and item 7c OR FIRST PERSONAL NAME ADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S) SUFFIX 9a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME 9b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME 10. OPTIONAL FILER REFERENCE DATA: 9. NAME OF SECURED PARTY OF RECORD AUTHORIZING THIS AMENDMENT: Provide only one name (9a or 9b) (name of Assignor, if this is an Assignment) If this is an Amendment authorized by a DEBTOR, check here and provide name of authorizing Debtor B. E-MAIL CONTACT AT FILER (optional) C. SEND ACKNOWLEDGMENT TO: (Name and Address) CHANGE name and/or address: Complete item 6a or 6b; and item 7a or 7b and item 7cDebtor or Secured Party of record Check one of these two boxes: AND This Change affects 5. ADD collateral DELETE collateralCOLLATERAL CHANGE: Also check one of these four boxes: OR 7a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME POSTAL CODECITY7c. MAILING ADDRESS 7b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME INDIVIDUAL'S FIRST PERSONAL NAME INDIVIDUAL'S ADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S) STATE SUFFIX COUNTRY Indicate collateral: FILING OFFICE COPY UCC FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT (Form UCC3) (Rev. 04/20/11) Katarzyna Gaysunas (617) 341-7729 Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP One Federal Street Boston, MA 02110-1726 katarzyna.gaysunas@morganlewis.com 2022-334-9039-3 11/30/2022 X X Crystal Financial LLC d/b/a SLR Credit Solutions, as Agent WA - Department of Licensing; Debtor: NAUTILUS, INC. F#931995 A#1274458 All Assets (as such term is defined in that certain Purchase Agreement, dated on or about [Date], the Purchase Agreement between Debtor and [Buyer] and, for purposes of Section 6.16 thereof, Ideavillage Products Corp., a New Jersey corporation, which Assets specifically exclude any excluded assets set forth in the Purchase Agreement. A copy of the Purchase Agreement is on file with the Secured Party. This partial release relates only to the portion of the Collateral covered by the original financing statement which is described above, and nothing contained herein shall limit, modify, affect or impair the rights of the Secured Party in the remaining Collateral not released hereby. 

DB1/ 137605851.12 EXHIBIT B Vi UCC-3 Amendment (See attached.) 

1b. This FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT is to be filed [for record] (or recorded) in the REAL ESTATE RECORDS Filer: attach Amendment Addendum (Form UCC3Ad) and provide Debtor s name in item 13 THE ABOVE SPACE IS FOR FILING OFFICE USE ONLY RESTATE covered collateral ASSIGN collateral Check one of these three boxes to: FIRST PERSONAL NAME SUFFIXADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S)OR A. NAME PHONE OF CONTACT AT FILER (optional) 1a. INITIAL FINANCING STATEMENT FILE NUMBER PARTY INFORMATION CHANGE: ASSIGNMENT (full or partial): Provide name of Assignee in item 7a or 7b, and address of Assignee in item 7c and name of Assignor in item 9 For partial assignment, complete items 7 and 9 and also indicate affected collateral in item 8 TERMINATION: Effectiveness of the Financing Statement identified above is terminated with respect to the security interest(s) of Secured Party authorizing this Termination Statement CONTINUATION: Effectiveness of the Financing Statement identified above with respect to the security interest(s) of Secured Party authorizing this Continuation Statement is continued for the additional period provided by applicable law 2. 3. 4. 6b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME 6a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME DELETE name: Give record name to be deleted in item 6a or 6b 6. CURRENT RECORD INFORMATION: Complete for Party Information Change - provide only one name (6a or 6b) 7. CHANGED OR ADDED INFORMATION: Complete for Assignment or Party Information Change - provide only one name (7a or 7b) (use exact, full name; do not omit, modify, or abbreviate any part of the Debtor s name) 8. UCC FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS ADD name: Complete item 7a or 7b, and item 7c OR FIRST PERSONAL NAME ADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S) SUFFIX 9a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME 9b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME 10. OPTIONAL FILER REFERENCE DATA: 9. NAME OF SECURED PARTY OF RECORD AUTHORIZING THIS AMENDMENT: Provide only one name (9a or 9b) (name of Assignor, if this is an Assignment) If this is an Amendment authorized by a DEBTOR, check here and provide name of authorizing Debtor B. E-MAIL CONTACT AT FILER (optional) C. SEND ACKNOWLEDGMENT TO: (Name and Address) CHANGE name and/or address: Complete item 6a or 6b; and item 7a or 7b and item 7cDebtor or Secured Party of record Check one of these two boxes: AND This Change affects 5. ADD collateral DELETE collateralCOLLATERAL CHANGE: Also check one of these four boxes: OR 7a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME POSTAL CODECITY7c. MAILING ADDRESS 7b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME INDIVIDUAL'S FIRST PERSONAL NAME INDIVIDUAL'S ADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S) STATE SUFFIX COUNTRY Indicate collateral: FILING OFFICE COPY UCC FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT (Form UCC3) (Rev. 04/20/11) Katarzyna Gaysunas (617) 341-7729 Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP One Federal Street Boston, MA 02110-1726 katarzyna.gaysunas@morganlewis.com 2022-334-9039-3 11/30/2022 X X 178,534 shares of Ordinary A-1 Shares of Vi Labs Ltd., an Israeli limited company. Crystal Financial LLC d/b/a SLR Credit Solutions, as Agent WA - Department of Licensing; Debtor: Nautilus, Inc. F#931996 A#1274459 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 3
 wf_nautilusamendmentno5t.htm
 EX-10.35

wf_nautilusamendmentno5t 

Execution Version 173122048_6 LIMITED CONSENT AND AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND LOAN DOCUMENTS This LIMITED CONSENT AND AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND LOAN DOCUMENTS (this Agreement ), dated as of April 25, 2023 (the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date is among NAUTILUS, INC., a Washington corporation Borrower ), the Lenders identified on the signature pages hereof as Lenders (which Lenders constitute, as applicable, the Required Lenders, the Supermajority Lenders, and all of the Lenders directly affected by the applicable consents and amendments to be effected by this Agreement (as applicable, the Requisite Lenders )), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, Agent ). The Lenders, Agent, and Borrower are party to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of January 31, 2020 (as amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise in effect immediately prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement as modified by this Amendment and as the same may be amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise in effect from time to time is referred to herein as the Credit Agreement ). Agent and Borrower are party to a Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of January 31, 2020 (as amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise in effect immediately prior to the date hereof, the Existing Guaranty and Security Agreement the Existing Guaranty and Security Agreement as modified by this Amendment and as the same may be amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise in effect from time to time is referred to herein as the Guaranty and Security Agreement ), which is the Guaranty and Security Agreement under, and as defined in, the Credit Agreement. The Borrower has informed the Agent and Requisite Lenders that it intends to (i) amend that certain Stairmaster license agreement dated December 5, 2009 (the Stairmaster License Agreement and that certain Schwinn License Agreement dated December 5, 2009 (together with the Stairmaster License Agreement, each as amended and in effect immediately prior to the date hereof, collectively, the Core Nautilus License Agreement ), by and between the Borrower and Core Health and Fitness, LLC Core on substantially the terms and conditions set forth in the letter of intent dated April 3, 2023 with respect to the Core Nautilus License Agreement and pursuant to amendments to such Core Nautilus License Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent (collectively, the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment in exchange for cash consideration of not less than the amount of the closing date cash consideration set forth in a proposed funds flow delivered to and approved in writing by the Agent in its discretion (which may be provided by Agent via email) prior to the consummation of the Core Nautilus Licenses Agreement Amendment (such amount, the Core Cash Consideration (which is an upfront payment of all royalty payments due and owing to the Borrower by Core under the Core Nautilus License Agreement), (ii) Dispose of the Assets under and as defined in the purchase agreement to be entered into by and between the Borrower and Ideavillage Products Corporation or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, IV in substantially the form delivered to the Agent on April 25, 2023 (such assets, the IV Assets and such purchase agreement, the IV Purchase Agreement in exchange for cash consideration of not less than the amount of the closing date cash consideration set forth in the proposed funds flow delivered to and approved in writing by the Agent in its discretion (which may be provided by Agent via email) prior to the date of this Agreement (the Initial Proposed Funds Flow , and as may be updated from time to time by Borrower with the prior written consent of the Agent (in its sole discretion), 

2 173122048_6 the Proposed Funds Flow in respect of the consummation of the IV Purchase Agreement (such amount, the IV Cash Consideration ), and (iii) Dispose of 178,534 shares of Ordinary A-1 Shares of Vi Labs Ltd., an Israeli limited company held by the Borrower (such assets, the Vi Assets pursuant to the terms of a purchase agreement to be entered into, by and between the Borrower and Savano Capital Partners III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership SCP in substantially the form delivered to the Agent on April 25, 2023 (the Vi Purchase Agreement in exchange for cash consideration of not less than the amount of the closing date cash consideration set forth in the Proposed Funds Flow in respect of the consummation of the Vi Purchase Agreement (such amount, the Vi Cash Consideration ). In connection with the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment, the IV Purchase Agreement, and the Vi Purchase Agreement, the Borrower has requested that the Agent and the Lenders (a) grant certain consents with respect to the Credit Agreement and (b) consent to certain amendments to the Credit Agreement and the Guaranty and Security Agreement to give effect to the transactions contemplated by the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment (the Core Transaction ), the transactions contemplated by the IV Purchase Agreement (the IV Transaction ), and the transactions contemplated by the Vi Purchase Agreement (the Vi Transaction , and together with the IV Transaction, collectively, the Specified Transactions ). The parties therefore agree as follows: 1. Definitions. Defined terms used but not defined in this Agreement are as defined in the Credit Agreement. 2. Limited Consent. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Credit Agreement, the Lenders hereby consent to the consummation of the Core Transaction and the Specified Transactions so long as: (a) No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing immediately prior to giving effect to any Specified Transaction or the Core Transaction or after giving effect to any Specified Transaction or the Core Transaction; (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Credit Agreement and/or any other Loan Document, promptly upon consummation of the Core Transaction but in any event no later than June 16, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion), all of the Net Cash Proceeds of the Core Cash Consideration received by the Borrower from Core is used to prepay the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations in accordance with the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement; (c) Promptly upon consummation of the IV Transaction but in any event no later than May 11, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion), all of the Net Cash Proceeds of the IV Cash Consideration received by the Borrower from IV is used to prepay the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations in accordance with the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement; (d) Promptly upon consummation of the Vi Transaction but in any event no later than May 11, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion), all of the Net Cash Proceeds of the Vi Cash Consideration received by the Borrower from SCP is used to prepay the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations in accordance with the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement; 

3 173122048_6 (e) On or prior to May 11, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion) solely to the extent the IV Transaction is consummated, the IV Purchase Agreement is duly executed by the parties thereto and delivered to the Agent, together with a certificate of the Borrower certifying that the IV Purchase Agreement is a true, correct and complete copy, and the transactions contemplated thereby have been consummated; (f) On or prior to May 11, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion) solely to the extent the Vi Transaction is consummated, the Vi Purchase Agreement is duly executed by the parties thereto and delivered to the Agent, together with a certificate of the Borrower certifying that the Vi Purchase Agreement is a true, correct and complete copy, and the transactions contemplated thereby have been consummated; (g) On or prior to June 16, 2023 (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion) solely to the extent the Core Transaction is consummated, the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment is duly executed by the parties thereto and delivered to the Agent, together with a certificate of the Borrower certifying that such amendments are true, correct and complete copies, and the transactions contemplated thereby have been consummated; and (h) On or prior to the effective date of each Specified Transaction and the Core Transaction (or such later date as the Agent may agree to in its sole discretion), the Agent shall have received an updated Borrowing Base Certificate and Third-Party Term Loan Aggregate Borrowing Base (collectively, the Pro Forma Borrowing Base Certificates giving pro forma effect to each such Specified Transaction and the Core Transaction, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent. The foregoing consent shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth herein and shall not (i) be construed as a consent to any breach, Default or Event of Default, other than as specifically set forth herein nor as a consent to any breach, Default or Event of Default of which the Agent and/or the Lenders have not been informed by the Loan Parties, (ii) affect the right of the Agent and/or the Lenders to demand compliance by the Loan Parties with all terms and conditions of the Loan Documents, except as specifically set forth herein, (iii) be deemed consent to any transaction or future action on the part of the Loan Parties requiring the Agent s and/or the Lenders consent or approval under the Loan Documents, or (iv) except as specifically set forth herein, be deemed or construed to be a consent or release of, or a limitation upon, the Agent s and/or the Lenders exercise of any rights or remedies under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, whether arising as a consequence of any Default or Event of Default which may now exist or otherwise, all such rights and remedies hereby being expressly reserved. 3. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement. Effective as of the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, and in reliance on the representations and warranties of Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and in the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, each of the parties hereto agree the Existing Credit Agreement and all Schedules thereto (but exclusive of all Exhibits thereto) are hereby amended such that, after giving effect to all such amendments, the Existing Credit Agreement and all Schedules thereto, 

4 173122048_6 as amended by this Agreement (but exclusive of all Exhibits thereto), will read in its entirety as set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement. 4. Amendments to Existing Guaranty and Security Agreement. Effective as of the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, and in reliance on the representations and warranties of Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and in the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, each of the parties hereto agree that the definitions of Cash Dominion Event and Cash Dominion Period appearing in Section 1(a) of the Existing Guaranty and Security Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows: Cash Dominion Event means the occurrence of either of the following: (A) the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, or (B) Availability is less than the greater of (x) 15 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), and (y) 12,500,000 for any time. Cash Dominion Period means the period commencing after the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Event and continuing until the date when (A) no Event of Default shall exist and be continuing, and (B) Availability is greater than the greater of (x) 15 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), and (y) 12,500,000 for 30 consecutive days. 5. Specified Transaction Fee. On the date that the first Specified Transaction is consummated, the Borrower shall pay to Agent, for its sole and separate account and not for the account of any Lender, a fee in an amount equal to 50,000 (such fee, the Specified Transaction Fee ). The Specified Transaction Fee is due and payable in full on the date that the first Specified Transaction is consummated, will be deemed fully earned on the date when due, and will be non-refundable when paid. For the avoidance of doubt, no other fee under this Agreement shall be due and payable to the Agent or any Lender in connection with any Specified Transaction consummated after the first Specified Transaction and the Core Transaction. 6. Covenant. The Loan partis hereby acknowledge and agree that any Inventory subject to IP disposed of in connection with the IV Transaction shall not be included in the Borrowing Base notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or any other Loan Document or any Third-Party Term Loan Document. 7. Representations. To induce Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement, Borrower hereby represents to Agent and the Lenders as follows: (a) that each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) is qualified to do business in any jurisdiction where the failure to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) has all requisite power and authority to own and operate its properties, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby; 

5 173122048_6 (b) as to each Loan Party, that the execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, as amended by this Agreement, do not and will not (i) violate any material provision of federal, state, or local law or regulation applicable to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Governing Documents of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or any order, judgment, or decree of any court or other Governmental Authority binding on any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any Material Contract or any other material agreement of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries where any such conflict, breach or default could individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien of any nature whatsoever upon any assets of any Loan Party, other than Permitted Liens, or (iv) require any approval of any holder of Equity Interests of a Loan Party or any approval or consent of any Person under any Material Contract or any other material agreement of any Loan Party, other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except, in the case of Material Contracts or other material agreements, for consents or approvals, the failure to obtain could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect; (c) that each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is a party thereto and is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited by equitable principles or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally; (d) that the representations and warranties of the Borrower and, to the extent applicable, each other Loan Party or its Subsidiaries contained in the Credit Agreement or in the other Loan Documents, as amended by this Agreement, are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier is not applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on and as of the date of this Agreement, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties continue to be true and correct as of such earlier date); and (e) that as of the date of this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 8. Conditions. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions: (a) that Agent has received the following: (i) this Agreement executed by Agent, the Lenders, and the Borrower and a Consent of the Third-Party Term Loan Agent in the form attached to this Agreement executed by Third-Party Term Loan Agent; and (ii) an amendment to the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement executed by the Third-Party Term Loan Agent, the Third-Party Term Loan Lenders, the Borrower and 

6 173122048_6 certain of its Subsidiaries and a Consent of Agent in the form attached to such amendment executed by Agent; (b) unless waived by Agent, the Borrower has paid to Agent all reasonable fees, charges, and disbursements of counsel to Agent to the extent invoiced prior to or on the date of this Agreement, plus such additional amounts of such reasonable fees, charges, and disbursements as constitute its reasonable estimate of such reasonable fees, charges, and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing of this Agreement (provided, that such estimate will not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and Agent); and (c) that all legal matters incident to the execution and delivery of this Agreement are satisfactory to Agent and its counsel. 9. Release of Liens. (a) Upon consummation of the IV Transaction in accordance with the consents set forth in Section 2 hereof and the receipt by the Third-Party Term Loan Agent of the Net Cash Proceeds (as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement) paid by IV to Borrower as consideration for such transaction, (i) Agent s security interest in and Lien upon the IV Assets shall be automatically released without further action by any party (collectively, the IV Assets Release ), (ii) Borrower, IV or their respective designee(s) shall be authorized to file of record, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, a partial release of Agent s intellectual property security agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-1, releasing solely and exclusively the intellectual property of the Borrower constituting IV Assets from the Collateral and (iii) Agent shall deliver to the Borrower a UCC-3 amendment of Agent s UCC-1 Financing Statement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-2, releasing solely and exclusively the IV Assets indicated therein from the applicable Collateral, and Borrower, IV or their respective designee(s) shall be authorized to file of record, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, such UCC-3 amendment. (b) Upon consummation of the Vi Transaction in accordance with the consents set forth in Section 2 hereof and the receipt by the Third-Party Term Loan Agent of the Net Cash Proceeds (as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement) paid by Vi to Borrower as consideration for such transaction, (i) Agent s security interest in and Lien upon the Vi Assets shall be automatically released without further action by any party (the Vi Assets Release and (ii) Borrower, Vi or their respective designee(s) shall be authorized to file of record, in each case, at Borrower s sole cost and expense, a UCC- 3 amendment of Agent s UCC-1 Financing Statement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, releasing solely and exclusively the Vi Assets indicated therein from the applicable Collateral. (c) Promptly upon written request of Borrower, Agent agrees to deliver to Borrower, IV, Vi, or its or their designee(s), at Borrower s sole cost and expense, such other similar instruments and documents necessary and reasonably requested by Borrower in writing evidencing the IV Assets Release and/or the Vi Assets Release, as applicable, which such similar instruments and documents shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Agent. 10. Release of Agent and Lenders by Loan Parties. Each Loan Party hereby waives and releases any and all current existing claims, counterclaims, defenses, or set-offs of every kind and nature which it has or might have against Agent or any Lender arising out of, pursuant to, or pertaining in any way 

7 173122048_6 to the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and Security Agreement, any other Loan Document, any and all documents and instruments delivered in connection with or relating to the foregoing, or this Agreement. Each Loan Party hereby further covenants and agrees not to sue Agent or any Lender or assert any claims, defenses, demands, actions, or liabilities against Agent or any Lender which occurred prior to or as of the date of this Agreement arising out of, pursuant to, or pertaining in any way to the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and Security Agreement, any other Loan Document, any and all documents and instruments delivered in connection with or relating to the foregoing, or this Agreement. 11. Miscellaneous. (a) THE VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION, AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF, THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO WITH RESPECT TO ALL MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO, AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES OR DISPUTES ARISING HEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO SHALL BE DETERMINED UNDER, GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCLUDING THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO CONFLICTS OR CHOICE OF LAW (OTHER THAN THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW 5-1401)) (b) This Agreement binds Agent, the Lenders, and Borrower and their respective successors and assigns, and will inure to the benefit of Agent, the Lenders, and Borrower and the successors and assigns of Agent and each Lender. (c) Except as specifically set forth herein, all other terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall continue in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed, and the Obligations are and continue to be secured by the Collateral, as modified hereby. Borrower, by execution of this Agreement, hereby reaffirms, assumes, and binds itself to all of the obligations, duties, rights, covenants, terms, and conditions that are contained in the Credit Agreement, the Guaranty and Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as amended by this Agreement. (d) Each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, or words of like import, and each reference to the Credit Agreement in any and all instruments or documents delivered in connection therewith, will be deemed to refer to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement. Each reference in the Guaranty and Security Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, or words of like import, and each reference to the Guaranty and Security Agreement in any and all instruments or documents delivered in connection therewith, will be deemed to refer to the Guaranty and Security Agreement, as amended by this Agreement. (e) This Agreement is a Loan Document. Borrower acknowledges that Agent s reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred in drafting this Agreement and in amending the Loan Documents as provided in this Agreement constitute Lender Group Expenses. (f) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an 

8 173122048_6 original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by electronic mail or other electronic method of transmission shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by electronic mail or other electronic method of transmission also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Agreement. 12. No Novation. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the Obligations outstanding under the Loan Documents or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except as modified hereby. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages to Follow.] 

CONSENT OF TERM LOAN AGENT Reference is made to that certain lntercreditor Agreement dated as of November 30. 2022 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Intercreditor Agreement'') by and between WELLS FARGO BANK. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as agent under the ABL Credit Agreement, including its successors and assigns in such capacity from time to time ABL Agent ), and CRYSTAL FINANCIAL LLC, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Term Loan Documents, including its successors and assigns in such capacity from time to time Term Loan Agent''). Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the lntercreditor Agreement. By its signature below, the undersigned consents to the terms of the Limited Consent and Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and Loan Documents to which this consent is attached. CRYSTAL FINANCIAL LLC, as Term Loan Agent By ~ Name: Michael Stavrakos Title: Director 

EXHIBIT A As Amended Credit Agreement (See attached) 

173127432_3 CREDIT AGREEMENT by and among WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Agent, THE LENDERS THAT ARE PARTIES HERETO, as the Lenders, NAUTILUS, INC., and THOSE ADDITIONAL PERSONS THAT ARE JOINED AS A PARTY HERETO, as Borrowers Dated as of January 31, 2020 (as amended through the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page i 173127432_3 1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION. ...................................................................................... 1 1.1 Definitions .......................................................................................................................... 1 1.2 Accounting Terms ........................................................................................................... 57 1.3 Code ................................................................................................................................. 57 1.4 Construction .................................................................................................................... 57 1.5 Time References .............................................................................................................. 58 1.6 Schedules and Exhibits ................................................................................................... 58 1.7 Divisions ........................................................................................................................... 58 1.8 Rates ................................................................................................................................. 59 2. LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT. ....................................................................................... 59 2.1 Revolving Loans. ............................................................................................................. 59 2.2 [Reserved] ........................................................................................................................ 60 2.3 Borrowing Procedures and Settlements. ....................................................................... 60 2.4 Payments; Reductions of Commitments; Prepayments. ............................................. 67 2.5 Promise to Pay; Promissory Notes. ............................................................................... 72 2.6 Interest Rates and Letter of Credit Fee: Rates, Payments, and Calculations. .......... 72 2.7 Crediting Payments ........................................................................................................ 74 2.8 Designated Account ........................................................................................................ 74 2.9 Maintenance of Loan Account; Statements of Obligations ......................................... 74 2.10 Fees. .................................................................................................................................. 75 2.11 Letters of Credit. ............................................................................................................. 75 2.12 SOFR Option. .................................................................................................................. 84 2.13 Capital Requirements. .................................................................................................... 87 2.14 Incremental Facilities. .................................................................................................... 88 2.15 Joint and Several Liability of Borrowers. ..................................................................... 90 3. CONDITIONS; TERM OF AGREEMENT. ................................................................................. 93 3.1 Conditions Precedent to the Initial Extension of Credit ............................................. 93 3.2 Conditions Precedent to all Extensions of Credit ........................................................ 93 3.3 Maturity ........................................................................................................................... 93 3.4 Effect of Maturity ........................................................................................................... 93 3.5 Early Termination by Borrowers .................................................................................. 94 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. ............................................................................. 94 4.1 Due Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries. ..................................................... 94 4.2 Due Authorization; No Conflict. .................................................................................... 95 4.3 Governmental Consents ................................................................................................. 95 4.4 Binding Obligations; Perfected Liens. .......................................................................... 95 4.5 Title to Assets; No Encumbrances ................................................................................. 96 4.6 Litigation.......................................................................................................................... 96 4.7 Compliance with Laws ................................................................................................... 96 4.8 No Material Adverse Effect............................................................................................ 96 4.9 Solvency. .......................................................................................................................... 96 4.10 Employee Benefits. .......................................................................................................... 97 4.11 Environmental Condition ............................................................................................... 97 4.12 Complete Disclosure ....................................................................................................... 97 4.13 Patriot Act ....................................................................................................................... 98 4.14 Indebtedness .................................................................................................................... 98 4.15 Payment of Taxes ............................................................................................................ 98 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page ii 173127432_3 4.16 Margin Stock ................................................................................................................... 98 4.17 Governmental Regulation .............................................................................................. 99 4.18 OFAC; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws ............. 99 4.19 Employee and Labor Matters ........................................................................................ 99 4.20 Material Customers. ....................................................................................................... 99 4.21 Leases ............................................................................................................................. 100 4.22 Eligible Accounts; Eligible Credit Card Receivables ................................................ 100 4.23 Eligible Inventory ......................................................................................................... 100 4.24 Eligible IP ...................................................................................................................... 100 4.25 Location of Inventory ................................................................................................... 100 4.26 Inventory Records ......................................................................................................... 100 4.27 [Reserved]. ..................................................................................................................... 100 4.28 Third-Party Term Loan Documents ........................................................................... 100 4.29 Immaterial Subsidiary .................................................................................................. 101 4.30 Hedge Agreements ........................................................................................................ 101 4.31 Credit Card Arrangements .......................................................................................... 101 4.32 Material Contracts ........................................................................................................ 101 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. ................................................................................................ 101 5.1 Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates ............................................................... 101 5.2 Reporting ....................................................................................................................... 102 5.3 Existence ........................................................................................................................ 102 5.4 Maintenance of Properties ........................................................................................... 102 5.5 Taxes .............................................................................................................................. 102 5.6 Insurance. ...................................................................................................................... 103 5.7 Inspection. ...................................................................................................................... 104 5.8 Compliance with Laws ................................................................................................. 104 5.9 Environmental ............................................................................................................... 104 5.10 Disclosure Updates ........................................................................................................ 105 5.11 Formation of Subsidiaries ............................................................................................ 105 5.12 Further Assurances ....................................................................................................... 106 5.13 [Reserved]. ..................................................................................................................... 107 5.14 Location of Inventory; Chief Executive Office........................................................... 107 5.15 Compliance with ERISA and the IRC ........................................................................ 107 5.16 OFAC; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws ........... 107 5.17 Material Contracts ........................................................................................................ 107 5.18 Post-Closing Obligations .............................................................................................. 108 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. ....................................................................................................... 108 6.1 Indebtedness .................................................................................................................. 108 6.2 Liens ............................................................................................................................... 108 6.3 Restrictions on Fundamental Changes ....................................................................... 108 6.4 Disposal of Assets .......................................................................................................... 108 6.5 Nature of Business ........................................................................................................ 109 6.6 Prepayments and Amendments ................................................................................... 109 6.7 Restricted Payments ..................................................................................................... 110 6.8 Accounting Methods ..................................................................................................... 111 6.9 Investments .................................................................................................................... 111 6.10 Transactions with Affiliates ......................................................................................... 111 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page iii 173127432_3 6.11 Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................. 111 6.12 Limitation on Issuance of Equity Interests ................................................................. 112 6.13 Inventory with Bailees .................................................................................................. 112 6.14 Acquisition of Third-Party Term Loan Debt ............................................................. 112 6.15 Employee Benefits ......................................................................................................... 112 6.16 Credit Card Agreements .............................................................................................. 113 6.17 Immaterial Subsidiary .................................................................................................. 113 7. FINANCIAL COVENANTS. ...................................................................................................... 113 7.1 Minimum Excess ABL Availability ............................................................................. 113 7.2 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio ...................................................................................... 113 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. ............................................................................................................ 113 8.1 Payments ........................................................................................................................ 113 8.2 Covenants ...................................................................................................................... 114 8.3 Judgments ...................................................................................................................... 114 8.4 Voluntary Bankruptcy, etc ........................................................................................... 114 8.5 Involuntary Bankruptcy, etc ........................................................................................ 114 8.6 Default Under Other Agreements ............................................................................... 114 8.7 Representations, etc ...................................................................................................... 115 8.8 Guaranty ........................................................................................................................ 115 8.9 Security Documents ...................................................................................................... 115 8.10 Loan Documents ........................................................................................................... 115 8.11 Change of Control ......................................................................................................... 115 8.12 ERISA ............................................................................................................................ 115 8.13 Credit Card Agreements .............................................................................................. 116 8.14 Inventory Letter Agreement ........................................................................................ 116 8.15 Intercreditor Provisions ............................................................................................... 116 8.16 Breach of Contractual Obligation ............................................................................... 116 8.17 Material Customers.. .................................................................................................... 116 9. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. ....................................................................................................... 116 9.1 Rights and Remedies .................................................................................................... 116 9.2 Remedies Cumulative ................................................................................................... 117 10. WAIVERS; INDEMNIFICATION. ............................................................................................ 117 10.1 Demand; Protest; etc .................................................................................................... 117 10.2 The Lender Group s Liability for Collateral ............................................................. 118 10.3 Indemnification ............................................................................................................. 118 11. NOTICES. .................................................................................................................................... 119 12. CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER; JUDICIAL REFERENCE PROVISION. ............................................................................................................................... 120 13. ASSIGNMENTS AND PARTICIPATIONS; SUCCESSORS. .................................................. 123 13.1 Assignments and Participations. .................................................................................. 123 13.2 Successors ...................................................................................................................... 126 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page iv 173127432_3 14. AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. .................................................................................................... 127 14.1 Amendments and Waivers. .......................................................................................... 127 14.2 Replacement of Certain Lenders. ................................................................................ 129 14.3 No Waivers; Cumulative Remedies ............................................................................. 129 15. AGENT; THE LENDER GROUP. .............................................................................................. 129 15.1 Appointment and Authorization of Agent .................................................................. 129 15.2 Delegation of Duties ...................................................................................................... 130 15.3 Liability of Agent .......................................................................................................... 130 15.4 Reliance by Agent ......................................................................................................... 131 15.5 Notice of Default or Event of Default .......................................................................... 131 15.6 Credit Decision .............................................................................................................. 131 15.7 Costs and Expenses; Indemnification ......................................................................... 132 15.8 Agent in Individual Capacity ....................................................................................... 133 15.9 Successor Agent ............................................................................................................. 133 15.10 Lender in Individual Capacity ..................................................................................... 134 15.11 Collateral Matters. ........................................................................................................ 134 15.12 Restrictions on Actions by Lenders; Sharing of Payments. ...................................... 136 15.13 Agency for Perfection ................................................................................................... 136 15.14 Payments by Agent to the Lenders .............................................................................. 136 15.15 Concerning the Collateral and Related Loan Documents ......................................... 136 15.16 Field Examination Reports; Confidentiality; Disclaimers by Lenders; Other Reports and Information .............................................................................................. 137 15.17 Several Obligations; No Liability ................................................................................ 138 16. WITHHOLDING TAXES. .......................................................................................................... 138 16.1 Payments ........................................................................................................................ 138 16.2 Exemptions. ................................................................................................................... 139 16.3 Reductions. .................................................................................................................... 140 16.4 Refunds .......................................................................................................................... 141 17. GENERAL PROVISIONS. ......................................................................................................... 141 17.1 Effectiveness .................................................................................................................. 141 17.2 Section Headings ........................................................................................................... 141 17.3 Interpretation ................................................................................................................ 141 17.4 Severability of Provisions ............................................................................................. 142 17.5 Bank Product Providers ............................................................................................... 142 17.6 Debtor-Creditor Relationship ...................................................................................... 142 17.7 Counterparts; Electronic Execution ........................................................................... 143 17.8 Revival and Reinstatement of Obligations; Certain Waivers ................................... 143 17.9 Confidentiality. .............................................................................................................. 143 17.10 Survival .......................................................................................................................... 145 17.11 Patriot Act; Due Diligence............................................................................................ 145 17.12 Integration ..................................................................................................................... 145 17.13 Nautilus as Agent for Borrowers ................................................................................. 146 17.14 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions ........ 146 17.15 Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs .................................................. 147 17.16 Erroneous Payments. .................................................................................................... 147 17.17 Intercreditor Provisions. .............................................................................................. 149 

v 173127432 EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES Exhibit A-1 Form of Assignment and Acceptance Exhibit B-1 Form of Borrowing Base Certificate Exhibit C-1 Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit J-1 Form of Joinder Exhibit S-1 Form of SOFR Notice Exhibit N-1 Form of Credit Card Notification Exhibit P-1 Form of Perfection Certificate Schedule A-1 Agent s Account Schedule A-2 Authorized Persons Schedule C-1 Commitments Schedule C-2 Customs Brokers Schedule D-1 Designated Account Schedule P-1 Permitted Investments Schedule P-2 Permitted Liens Schedule 3.1 Conditions Precedent Schedule 4.1(b) Capitalization of Borrowers Schedule 4.1(c) Capitalization of Borrowers Subsidiaries Schedule 4.1(d) Subscriptions, Options, Warrants, Calls Schedule 4.6(b) Litigation Schedule 4.10 Employee Benefits Schedule 4.11 Environmental Matters Schedule 4.14 Permitted Indebtedness Schedule 4.25 Location of Inventory Schedule 4.31 Credit Card Arrangements Schedule 4.32 Material Contracts Schedule 5.1 Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates Schedule 5.2 Collateral Reporting Schedule 5.18 Post-Closing Obligations Schedule 6.5 Nature of Business 

1 173127432 CREDIT AGREEMENT THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of January 31, 2020, by and among the lenders identified on the signature pages hereof (each of such lenders, together with its successors and permitted assigns, is referred to hereinafter as a Lender , as that term is hereinafter further defined), WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as administrative agent for each member of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Agent ), NAUTILUS, INC., a Washington corporation Nautilus ), and those additional Persons that are joined as a party hereto by executing the form of Joinder attached hereto as Exhibit J-1 (each, together with Nautilus, a Borrower and individually and collectively, jointly and severally, the Borrowers ). The parties agree as follows: 1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION. 1.1 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following definitions: ABL Priority Collateral has the meaning set forth for such term in the Intercreditor Agreement Acceptable Appraisal means, with respect to an appraisal of Inventory or IP, the most recent appraisal of such property received by Agent (a) from an appraisal company satisfactory to Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion (including, without limitation, so long as it is satisfactory to Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion, Hilco), (b) the scope and methodology (including, to the extent relevant, any sampling procedure employed by such appraisal company) of which are satisfactory to Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion, and (c) the results of which are satisfactory to Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion. Account means an account (as that term is defined in the Code). Account Debtor means any Person who is obligated on an Account, chattel paper, or a general intangible, including, without limitation, a Credit Card Issuer or a Credit Card Processor. Account Party has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.11(h) of this Agreement. Accounting Changes means changes in accounting principles required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (or successor thereto or any agency with similar functions). Acquisition means (a) the purchase or other acquisition by a Person or its Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the assets of (or any division or business line of) any other Person, or (b) the purchase or other acquisition (whether by means of a merger, consolidation, or otherwise) by a Person or its Subsidiaries of all of the Equity Interests of any other Person. Additional Documents has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.12 of this Agreement. Additional Portion of the Term Loan has meaning specified therefor in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement. Administrative Borrower has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.13 of this Agreement. 

2 173127432 Administrative Questionnaire has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(a) of this Agreement. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affected Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.13(b) of this Agreement. Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, any other Person who controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control means the possession, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, of the power to direct the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of Equity Interests, by contract, or otherwise; provided, that for purposes of the definition of Eligible Accounts, the definition of Eligible Credit Card Receivables, and Section 6.10 of this Agreement: (a) if any Person owns directly or indirectly 15 or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other members of the governing body of a Person or 15 or more of the partnership or other ownership interests of a Person (other than as a limited partner of such Person), then both such Persons shall be Affiliates of each other, (b) each director (or comparable manager) of a Person shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Person, and (c) each partnership in which a Person is a general partner shall be deemed an Affiliate of such Person. Agent has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble to this Agreement. Agent-Related Persons means Agent, together with its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents. Agent s Account means the Deposit Account of Agent identified on Schedule A-1 to this Agreement (or such other Deposit Account of Agent that has been designated as such, in writing, by Agent to Borrowers and the Lenders). Agent s Liens means the Liens granted by each Loan Party or its Subsidiaries to Agent under the Loan Documents and securing the Obligations. Agreement means this Credit Agreement, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Amendment No. 3 Effective Date means October 29, 2021. Amendment No. 4 Effective Date means November 30, 2022. Amendment No. 5 means Limited Consent and Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement and Loan Documents, dated as of the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and the Agent. Amendment No. 5 Effective Date means April 25, 2023 Anti-Corruption Laws means the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, as amended, and all other applicable laws and regulations or ordinances concerning or relating to bribery or corruption in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is located or is doing business. Anti-Money Laundering Laws means the applicable laws or regulations in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is located or is doing business that relates to 

3 173127432 money laundering, any predicate crime to money laundering, or any financial record keeping and reporting requirements related thereto. Applicable Availability Amount means (a) prior to the consummation of any Specified Transaction, 10,000,000; (b) on and after the consummation of any of the IV Transaction or the Vi Transaction, 9,000,000; and (c) on and after the consummation of both the IV Transaction and the Vi Transaction, 7,000,000. Applicable Margin means with respect to Base Rate Loans or SOFR Loans that are Revolving Loans, as applicable, as of any date of determination, the applicable margin set forth in the following table that corresponds to the Average Availability of Borrowers for the most recently completed quarter; provided, that for the period from the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date through and including December 31, 2022, the Applicable Margin shall be set at the margin in the row styled Level I provided further, that any time an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Applicable Margin shall be set at the margin in the row styled Level III : Level Average Availability Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans which are Revolving Loans (the Revolving Loan Base Rate Margin Applicable Margin for SOFR Loans which are Revolving Loans (the Revolving Loan SOFR Margin Applicable Margin for Letter of Credit Fee (the Letter of Credit Fee Margin I 20 of the Maximum Revolver Amount 4.00 percentage points 5.00 percentage points 5.00 percentage points II 

4 173127432 Authorized Person means any one of the individuals identified as an officer of a Borrower on Schedule A-2 to this Agreement, or any other individual identified by Administrative Borrower as an authorized person and authenticated through Agent s electronic platform or portal in accordance with its procedures for such authentication. Availability means, as of any date of determination, the amount that Borrowers are entitled to borrow as Revolving Loans under Section 2.1 of this Agreement (after giving effect to the then outstanding Revolver Usage). Available Increase Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the result of (a) 10,000,000, minus (b) the aggregate principal amount of Increases to the Revolver Commitments previously made pursuant to Section 2.14 of this Agreement. Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(D). Average Availability means, with respect to any period, the sum of the aggregate amount of Availability for each day in such period (as calculated by Agent as of the end of each respective day) divided by the number of days in such period. Average Revolver Usage means, with respect to any period, the sum of the aggregate amount of Revolver Usage for each day in such period (calculated as of the end of each respective day) divided by the number of days in such period. Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bank Product means any one or more of the following financial products or accommodations extended to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries by a Bank Product Provider: (a) credit cards (including commercial cards (including so-called purchase cards , procurement cards or p-cards )), (b) payment card processing services, (c) debit cards, (d) stored value cards, (e) Cash Management Services, or (f) transactions under Hedge Agreements. Bank Product Agreements means those agreements entered into from time to time by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with a Bank Product Provider in connection with the obtaining of any of the Bank Products. 

5 173127432 Bank Product Collateralization means providing cash collateral (pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to Agent) to be held by Agent for the benefit of the Bank Product Providers (other than the Hedge Providers) in an amount determined by Agent as sufficient to satisfy the reasonably estimated credit exposure, operational risk or processing risk with respect to the then existing Bank Product Obligations (other than Hedge Obligations). Bank Product Obligations means (a) all obligations, liabilities, reimbursement obligations, fees, or expenses owing by each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries to any Bank Product Provider pursuant to or evidenced by a Bank Product Agreement and irrespective of whether for the payment of money, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, (b) all Hedge Obligations, and (c) all amounts that Agent or any Lender is obligated to pay to a Bank Product Provider as a result of Agent or such Lender purchasing participations from, or executing guarantees or indemnities or reimbursement obligations to, a Bank Product Provider with respect to the Bank Products provided by such Bank Product Provider to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. Bank Product Provider means Wells Fargo or any of its Affiliates, including each of the foregoing in its capacity, if applicable, as a Hedge Provider. Bank Product Reserves means, as of any date of determination, those reserves that Agent deems necessary or appropriate to establish (based upon the Bank Product Providers determination of the liabilities and obligations of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries in respect of Bank Product Obligations) in Agent s Permitted Discretion in respect of Bank Products then provided or outstanding. Bankruptcy Code means title 11 of the United States Code, as in effect from time to time. Base Rate means, on any day, the greatest of (a) the Floor, (b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus , (c) Term SOFR for a one month tenor in effect on such day, plus 1 , provided that this clause (c) shall not be applicable during any period in which Term SOFR is unavailable or unascertainable, and (d) the rate of interest announced, from time to time, within Wells Fargo at its principal office in San Francisco as its prime rate in effect on such day, with the understanding that the prime rate is one of Wells Fargo s base rates (not necessarily the lowest of such rates) and serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans making reference thereto and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its announcement in such internal publications as Wells Fargo may designate. Base Rate Loan means each portion of the Revolving Loans that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate. Base Rate Margin means the Revolving Loan Base Rate Margin. Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Term SOFR . Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(A). Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by Agent and Administrative Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism 

6 173127432 for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement shall be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by Agent and Administrative Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then- prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks; provided that such non- representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

7 173127432 (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. For the avoidance of doubt, if the then-current Benchmark has any Available Tenors, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12(d)(iii) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12(d)(iii). Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. BHC Act Affiliate of a Person means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such Person. Board of Directors means, as to any Person, the board of directors (or comparable managers) of such Person, or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of the board of directors (or comparable managers). Board of Governors means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 

8 173127432 Borrower and Borrowers have the respective meanings specified therefor in the preamble to this Agreement. Borrower Materials has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(c) of this Agreement. Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made on the same day by the Lenders (or Agent on behalf thereof), or by Swing Lender in the case of a Swing Loan, or by Agent in the case of an Extraordinary Advance. Borrowing Base means, as of any date of determination, the result of: (a) the lesser of (i) 5,000,000, and (ii) 90 of the face amount of Eligible Credit Card Receivables, less the amount, if any, of the Dilution Reserve with respect to such Credit Card Receivables, plus (b) 85 of the amount of Eligible Accounts, less the amount, if any, of the Dilution Reserve with respect to such Accounts, plus (c) the lesser of (i) 40,000,000, and (ii) the sum of (A) the lesser of (1) the product of 70 multiplied by the value (calculated at the lower of cost or market on a basis consistent with Borrowers historical accounting practices) of Eligible Finished Goods Inventory at such time, and (2) the product of 85 multiplied by the Net Recovery Percentage identified in the most recent Acceptable Appraisal of Inventory, multiplied by the value (calculated at the lower of cost or market on a basis consistent with Borrowers historical accounting practices) of Eligible Finished Goods Inventory (such determination may be made as to different categories of Eligible Finished Goods Inventory based upon the Net Recovery Percentage applicable to such categories) at such time, plus (B) the least of (1) 7,500,000, 

9 173127432 (2) The result of 70 multiplied by the value (calculated at the lower of cost or market on a basis consistent with Borrowers historical accounting practices) of Eligible In-Transit Inventory consisting of finished goods, and (3) the result of 85 multiplied by the Net Recovery Percentage identified in the most recent Acceptable Appraisal of Inventory, multiplied by the value (calculated at the lower of cost or market on a basis consistent with Borrowers historical accounting practices) of Eligible In-Transit Inventory consisting of finished goods (such determination may be made as to different categories of finished goods Inventory based upon the Net Recovery Percentage applicable to such categories) at such time, plus (C) the least of (1) 1,000,000, (2) the result of 70 multiplied by the value (calculated at the lower of cost or market on a basis consistent with Borrowers historical accounting practices) of Eligible Spare Parts Inventory, and (3) the result of 85 multiplied by the Net Recovery Percentage identified in the most recent Acceptable Appraisal of Inventory, multiplied by the value (calculated at the lower of cost or market on a basis consistent with Borrowers historical accounting practices) of Eligible Spare Parts Inventory (such determination may be made as to different categories of Eligible Spare Parts Inventory based upon the Net Recovery Percentage applicable to such categories) at such time, minus (d) the sum of (i) the Term Pushdown Reserve and (ii) the aggregate amount of Reserves, if any, established by Agent from time to time under Section 2.1(c) of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, (x) solely after the consummation of the IV Transaction, any Inventory subject to IP disposed of in connection with the IV Transaction shall be deemed ineligible from and after the date that the IV Transaction is consummated notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any other Loan Document, and (y) solely from and after the date of the consummation of the Core Transaction, any Inventory subject to IP licensed pursuant to the Core Nautilus License Agreement (as amended by the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment) shall be deemed not to be Eligible Inventory. Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 to this Agreement, which such form of Borrowing Base Certificate may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (including without limitation, changes to the format thereof), as satisfactory to Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion. Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed or on which banks are authorized or required to close in the State of Illinois or the State of Washington. Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, the amount of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period that are capital expenditures as 

10 173127432 determined in accordance with GAAP, whether such expenditures are paid in cash or financed, but excluding, without duplication (a) expenditures made during such period in connection with the replacement, substitution, or restoration of assets or properties pursuant to Section 2.4(e)(iii) of this Agreement, and (b) with respect to the purchase price of assets that are purchased substantially contemporaneously with the trade-in of existing assets during such period, the amount that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit granted by the seller of such assets for the assets being traded in at such time. Capital Lease means a lease that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Capitalized Lease Obligation means that portion of the obligations under a Capital Lease that is required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Cash Equivalents means (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof, (b) marketable direct obligations issued or fully guaranteed by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from either Standard Poor s Rating Group S P or Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Moody s ), (c) commercial paper maturing no more than 270 days from the date of creation thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having a rating of at least A-1 from S P or at least P-1 from Moody s, (d) certificates of deposit, time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers acceptances maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any United States branch of a foreign bank having at the date of acquisition thereof combined capital and surplus of not less than 1,000,000,000, (e) Deposit Accounts maintained with (i) any bank that satisfies the criteria described in clause (d) above, or (ii) any other bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof so long as the full amount maintained with any such other bank is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, (f) repurchase obligations of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (d) of this definition or of any recognized securities dealer having combined capital and surplus of not less than 1,000,000,000, having a term of not more than seven days, with respect to securities satisfying the criteria in clauses (a) or (d) above, (g) debt securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (d) above, and (h) Investments in money market funds substantially all of whose assets are invested in the types of assets described in clauses (a) through (g) above. Cash Management Services means any cash management or related services including treasury, depository, return items, overdraft, controlled disbursement, merchant store value cards, e-payables services, electronic funds transfer, interstate depository network, automatic clearing house transfer (including the Automated Clearing House processing of electronic funds transfers through the direct Federal Reserve Fedline system) and other cash management arrangements. CFC means a controlled foreign corporation (as that term is defined in the IRC) in which any Loan Party is a United States shareholder within the meaning of Section 951(b) of the IRC. Change in Law means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of: (a) the adoption or effectiveness of any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application by any Governmental Authority of any law, rule, regulation, guideline or treaty, (c) any new, 

11 173127432 or adjustment to, requirements prescribed by the Board of Governors for Eurocurrency Liabilities (as defined in Regulation D of the Board of Governors), requirements imposed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or similar requirements imposed by any domestic or foreign governmental authority or resulting from compliance by Agent or any Lender with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority and related in any manner to SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, or Term SOFR, or (d) the making or issuance by any Governmental Authority of any request, rule, guideline or directive, whether or not having the force of law; provided, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities shall, in each case, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. Change of Control means that: (a) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, of Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower (or other securities convertible into such Equity Interests) representing 35 or more of the combined voting power of all Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote for the election of members of the Board of Directors of Administrative Borrower, (b) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, or shall have entered into a contract or arrangement that, upon consummation thereof, will result in its or their acquisition of the power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over the management or policies of Administrative Borrower or control over the Equity Interests of such Person entitled to vote for members of the Board of Directors of Administrative Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such Equity Interests that such Person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) representing 35 or more of the combined voting power of such Equity Interests, (c) occupation at any time of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the Board of Directors of Administrative Borrower by Persons who were not (i) directors of Administrative Borrower on the date of this Agreement, nominated, appointed or approved for consideration by shareholders for election by the Board of Directors of Administrative Borrower, (ii) approved by the Board of Directors of Administrative Borrower as director candidates prior to their election, nor (iii) appointed by directors so nominated, appointed or approved, (d) Borrowers fail to own and control, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Equity Interests of each other Loan Party free and clear of all Liens (other than the Liens in favor of the Agent and the Third-Party Term Loan Agent (subject to the Intercreditor Agreement)), except where such failure is as a result of a transaction permitted by the Loan Documents or (e) the occurrence of any change of control under the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement. Closing Date means the date of the making of the initial extension of credit under this Agreement. Code means the Illinois Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect from time to time. Collateral means all assets and interests in assets and proceeds thereof now owned or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in or upon which a Lien is granted by such Person in favor 

12 173127432 of Agent or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, Collateral shall not include Excluded Assets or any other assets expressly excluded from the Collateral (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement). Collateral Access Agreement means a landlord waiver, bailee letter, or acknowledgement agreement of any lessor, warehouseman, processor, consignee, or other Person in possession of, having a Lien upon, or having rights or interests in any Loan Party s or its Subsidiaries books and records, Equipment, or Inventory, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. Collections means, all cash, checks, notes, instruments, and other items of payment (including insurance proceeds, cash proceeds of asset sales, rental proceeds and tax refunds). Combined Line Cap means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (i) the Line Cap, plus (ii) the Third-Party Term Loan Line Cap. Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, its Revolver Commitment, and, with respect to all Lenders, their Revolver Commitments, in each case as such Dollar amounts are set forth beside such Lender s name under the applicable heading on Schedule C-1 to this Agreement or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments made in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.1 of this Agreement. Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 to this Agreement delivered by the chief financial officer or treasurer of Administrative Borrower to Agent. Confidential Information has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(a) of this Agreement. Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.12(b)(ii) and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Control Agreement means a control agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, executed and delivered by a Loan Party, the Agent, the Third-Party Term Loan Agent, and the applicable securities intermediary (with respect to a Securities Account) or bank (with respect to a Deposit Account). 

13 173127432 Controlled Account has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Copyright Security Agreement has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Core Nautilus License Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 5. Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 5. Core Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 5. Covenant Testing Period means a period (a) commencing on the last day of the fiscal month of Borrowers most recently ended prior to a Springing Trigger Event for which Borrowers are required to deliver to Agent monthly, quarterly, or annual financial statements pursuant to Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement, and (b) continuing through and including the first day after such Springing Trigger Event that Availability has equaled or exceeded the greater of (i) 12.5 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), and (ii) the Applicable Availability Amount for 30 consecutive days. Covered Entity means any of the following: (a) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (b) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (c) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Covered Party has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.15 of this Agreement. Credit Card Agreements means all agreements now or hereafter entered into by any Borrower or for the benefit of any Borrower, in each case with any Credit Card Issuer or any Credit Card Processor with respect to sales transactions involving credit card, debit card, or charge card purchases, including, without limitation, the agreements set forth on Schedule 4.31 to this Agreement. Credit Card Issuer means any Person (other than a Loan Party) who issues or whose members issue credit cards, including, without limitation, MasterCard or VISA bank credit or debit cards or other bank credit, debit, or charge cards issued through MasterCard International, Inc., Visa, U.S.A., Inc., or Visa International and American Express, Discover, Diners Club, Carte Blanche, and other non-bank credit, debit, or charge cards, including, without limitation, credit or debit cards issued by or through American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., Novus Services, Inc., PayPal, Synchrony, and other issuers approved by Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Credit Card Notification means a notification substantially in the form of Exhibit N-1 to this Agreement or otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent executed by a Loan Party and delivered to a Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor of such Loan Party. 

14 173127432 Credit Card Processor means any servicing or processing agent or any factor or financial intermediary who facilitates, services, processes or manages the credit authorization, billing transfer and/or payment procedures with respect to any Borrower s sales transactions involving credit card, debit card, or charge card purchases by customers using credit cards, debit cards, or charge cards issued by any Credit Card Issuer. Credit Card Receivables means each payment intangible (as defined in the Code), together with all income, payments and proceeds thereof, owed by a Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor to a Loan Party resulting from charges by a customer of a Loan Party on credit, debit, or charge cards issued by such Credit Card Issuer or processed by such Credit Card Processor in connection with the sale of goods by a Loan Party, or services performed by a Loan Party, in each case in the ordinary course of its business. Customs Brokers shall mean the persons listed on Schedule C-2 hereto or such other person or persons as may be selected by Administrative Borrower after the date hereof and after written notice by Administrative Borrower to Agent who are reasonably acceptable to Agent to handle the receipt of Inventory within the United States or to clear Inventory through the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection or other domestic or foreign export control authorities or otherwise perform port of entry services to process Inventory imported by a Borrower from outside the United States (such persons sometimes being referred to herein individually as a Customs Broker ), provided, that, as to each such person, (a) Agent shall have received a customs broker agreement by such person in favor of Agent (in form and substance satisfactory to Agent) duly authorized, executed and delivered by such person, (b) such agreement shall be in full force and effect and (c) such person shall be in compliance in all material respects with the terms thereof. DBRS means DBRS, Inc. and its successors. Default means an event, condition, or default that, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies Agent and Administrative Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable Default or Event of Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to Agent, Issuing Bank, or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified any Borrower, Agent or Issuing Bank in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable Default or Event of Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by Agent or Administrative Borrower, to confirm in writing to Agent and Administrative Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided, that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by Agent and Administrative Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of any Insolvency Proceeding, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged 

15 173127432 with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-in Action; provided, that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender upon delivery of written notice of such determination to Administrative Borrower, Issuing Bank, and each Lender. Defaulting Lender Rate means (a) for the first three days from and after the date the relevant payment is due, the Base Rate, and (b) thereafter, the interest rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans (inclusive of the Base Rate Margin applicable thereto). Deposit Account means any deposit account (as that term is defined in the Code). Designated Account means the Deposit Account of Administrative Borrower identified on Schedule D-1 to this Agreement (or such other Deposit Account of Administrative Borrower located at Designated Account Bank that has been designated as such, in writing, by Borrowers to Agent). Designated Account Bank has the meaning specified therefor in Schedule D-1 to this Agreement (or such other bank that is located within the United States that has been designated as such, in writing, by Administrative Borrower to Agent). Dilution means (a) with respect to Accounts (other than Credit Card Receivables), as of any date of determination, a percentage, based upon the experience of the immediately prior 12 months, that is the result of dividing the Dollar amount of (i) bad debt write-downs, discounts, advertising allowances, credits, or other dilutive items with respect to Borrowers Accounts during such period, by (ii) Borrowers gross billings with respect to Accounts during such period, and (b) with respect to Credit Card Receivables, as of any date of determination, a percentage, based upon the experience of the immediately prior 12 months, that is the result of dividing the Dollar amount of (i) bad debt write-downs, discounts, advertising allowances, credits, or other dilutive items with respect to Borrowers Credit Card Receivables during such period, by (ii) Borrowers gross billings with respect to Credit Card Receivables during such period. Dilution Reserve means, as of any date of determination, an amount sufficient to reduce the advance rate against Eligible Accounts or Eligible Credit Card Receivables, as applicable, by the extent to which Dilution is in excess of 5 . Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interests that, by their terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which they are convertible or for which they are exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or are mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result 

16 173127432 of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) are redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (c) provide for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) are or become convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date. Disqualified Institution means, on any date, (a) any Person designated by Administrative Borrower as a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to Agent prior to the date hereof, and (b) those Persons who are direct competitors of the Borrowers identified in writing by Administrative Borrower to Agent from time to time, subject to the written consent of Agent; provided, that Disqualified Institutions shall exclude any Person that Administrative Borrower has designated as no longer being a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to Agent from time to time; provided further, that in connection with any assignment or participation, the Assignee or Participant with respect to such proposed assignment or participation that is an investment bank, a commercial bank, a finance company, a fund, or other Person which merely has an economic interest in any such direct competitor, and is not itself such a direct competitor of Borrower or its Subsidiaries, shall not be deemed to be a Disqualified Institution for the purposes of this definition. Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. Dollars or means United States dollars. Domestic Loan Parties means Borrowers and any other Loan Party that is a Domestic Subsidiary. Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Foreign Subsidiary. Drawing Document means any Letter of Credit or other document presented for purposes of drawing under any Letter of Credit, including by electronic transmission such as SWIFT, electronic mail, facsimile or computer generated communication. EBITDA means, with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to Borrowers and their Subsidiaries determined, in each case, on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP: (a) the consolidated net income (or loss), minus (b) without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent included in determining consolidated net income (or loss) for such period: (i) unusual or non-recurring gains, and (ii) interest income, plus 

17 173127432 (c) without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent deducted in determining consolidated net income (or loss) for such period: (i) non-cash unusual or non-recurring losses, (ii) Interest Expense, (iii) income taxes, (iv) depreciation and amortization, (v) to the extent funded or incurred prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, cash severance payments, (vi) to the extent funded or incurred prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, non-recurring restructuring charges, (vii) to the extent funded or incurred prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, professional fees, including Board of Directors fees and expenses, (viii) transaction costs and expenses related to the consummation of the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Third- Party Term Loan Agreement, and any amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements, modifications, consents or waivers hereto or thereto, and (ix) non-cash compensation expense (including deferred non-cash compensation expense), or other non-cash expenses or charges, arising from the sale or issuance of Equity Interests, the granting of stock options, and the granting of stock appreciation rights and similar arrangements (including any repricing, amendment, modification, substitution, or change of any such Equity Interests, stock option, stock appreciation rights, or similar arrangements) minus the amount of any such expenses or charges when paid in cash to the extent not deducted in the computation of net earnings (or loss). EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

18 173127432 Eligible Accounts means those Accounts (other than Credit Card Receivables) created by a Borrower in the ordinary course of its business, that arise out of such Borrower s sale of goods or rendition of services, that comply with each of the representations and warranties respecting Eligible Accounts made in the Loan Documents, and that are not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria set forth below; provided, that such criteria may be revised from time to time by Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion to address the results of any information with respect to the Borrowers business or assets of which Agent becomes aware after the Closing Date, including any field examination performed by (or on behalf of) Agent from time to time after the Closing Date. In determining the amount to be included, Eligible Accounts shall be calculated net of customer deposits, unapplied cash, taxes, finance charges, service charges, discounts, credits, allowances, and rebates. Eligible Accounts shall not include Credit Card Receivables or the following: (a) Accounts with selling terms of not more than 75 days that the Account Debtor has failed to pay within 120 days of original invoice date or 60 days of due date, (b) Accounts owed by an Account Debtor (or its Affiliates) where 50 or more of all Accounts owed by that Account Debtor (or its Affiliates) are deemed ineligible under clause (a) above, (c) Accounts with selling terms of more than 75 days, (d) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is an Affiliate of any Borrower or an employee or agent of any Borrower or any Affiliate of any Borrower, (e) Accounts (i) arising in a transaction wherein goods are placed on consignment or are sold pursuant to a guaranteed sale, a sale or return, a sale on approval, a bill and hold, or any other terms by reason of which the payment by the Account Debtor may be conditional, or (ii) with respect to which the payment terms are C.O.D. , cash on delivery or other similar terms, (f) Accounts that are not payable in Dollars, (g) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor either (i) does not maintain its chief executive office in the United States or Canada, or (ii) is not organized under the laws of the United States or Canada or any state or province thereof, or (iii) is the government of any foreign country or sovereign state, or of any state, province, municipality, or other political subdivision thereof, or of any department, agency, public corporation, or other instrumentality thereof, unless (A) the Account is supported by an irrevocable letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to Agent (as to form, substance, and issuer or domestic confirming bank) that has been delivered to Agent and, if requested by Agent, is directly drawable by Agent, or (B) the Account is covered by credit insurance in form, substance, and amount, and by an insurer, reasonably satisfactory to Agent, (h) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is either (i) the United States or any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States (exclusive, however, of Accounts with respect to which Borrowers have complied, to the reasonable satisfaction of Agent, with the Assignment of Claims Act, 31 USC 3727), or (ii) any state of the United States or any other Governmental Authority, (i) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is a creditor of a Borrower, has or has asserted a right of recoupment or setoff, or has disputed its obligation to pay all or any portion of the Account, to the extent of such claim, right of recoupment or setoff, or (j) Accounts with respect to an Account Debtor whose Eligible Accounts owing to Borrowers exceed (i) for Dick s Sporting Goods, Inc., and its Affiliates, on a consolidated basis, 50 of all 

19 173127432 Eligible Accounts so long as Dick s Sporting Goods, Inc., and its Affiliates are an Investment Grade Account Debtor, (ii) for Amazon.com, Inc., and its Affiliates, on a consolidated basis, 50 (or solely from the period from the Fourth Amendment Effective Date through and including April 30, 2023, 65 of all Eligible Accounts so long as Amazon.com, Inc. and its Affiliates are an Investment Grade Account Debtor, (iii) for Walmart Inc. and its Affiliates (including Walmart.com), on a consolidated basis, 50 of all Eligible Accounts so long as Walmart Inc, and its Affiliates (including Walmart.com) are an Investment Grade Account Debtor, (iv) for Best Buy Co., Inc., and its Affiliates, on a consolidated basis, 50 of all Eligible Accounts so long as Best Buy Co., Inc., and its Affiliates are an Investment Grade Account Debtor, (v) for Target Corporation and its Affiliates, on a consolidated basis, 50 of all Eligible Accounts so long as for Target Corporation and its Affiliates are an Investment Grade Account Debtor, (vi) for one single Account Debtor (and its Affiliates, on a consolidated basis), that, at the time of determination maintains a corporate credit rating and/or family rating, as applicable, of BB or higher by S P, Ba or higher by Moody s, or, solely to the extent a rating by S P or Moody s is not available, BB or higher by DBRS, in each case at such time 25 of all Eligible Accounts so long as (A) Borrowers provide Agent with not less than three (3) Business Days written notice identifying such Account Debtor and certifying all standards for inclusion under this clause are met and (B) Borrowers may only change the identity of such Account Debtor twice in any calendar year period, and (vii) for any other Account Debtor, 15 of all Eligible Accounts (any such percentage under clauses (i) through (vii), as applied to a particular Account Debtor or consolidated group of Account Debtors, being subject to reduction by Agent in its Permitted Discretion if the creditworthiness of such Account Debtor or consolidated group of Account Debtors deteriorates), to the extent of the obligations owing by such Account Debtor in excess of such percentage; provided, that in each case, the amount of Eligible Accounts that are excluded because they exceed the foregoing percentage shall be determined by Agent based on all of the otherwise Eligible Accounts prior to giving effect to any eliminations based upon the foregoing concentration limit, (k) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, is not Solvent, has gone out of business, or as to which any Borrower has received notice of an imminent Insolvency Proceeding or a material impairment of the financial condition of such Account Debtor, (l) Accounts, the collection of which, Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, believes to be doubtful, including by reason of the Account Debtor s financial condition, (m) Accounts that are not subject to a valid and perfected first-priority Agent s Lien (subject only to Liens in favor of the Third-Party Term Loan Agent permitted pursuant to the terms hereof and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement ), (n) Accounts with respect to which (i) the goods giving rise to such Account have not been shipped and billed to the Account Debtor, or (ii) the services giving rise to such Account have not been performed and billed to the Account Debtor, (o) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Entity, (p) Accounts (i) that represent the right to receive progress payments or other advance billings that are due prior to the completion of performance by the applicable Borrower of the subject contract for goods or services, or (ii) that represent credit card sales, or (q) Accounts owned by a target acquired in connection with a Permitted Investment, or Accounts owned by a Person that is joined to this Agreement as a Borrower pursuant to the provisions 

20 173127432 of this Agreement, until the completion of a field examination with respect to such Accounts, in each case, satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Eligible Credit Card Receivables means those Credit Card Receivables of a Borrower that arise out of such Borrower s sale of goods or rendition of services, that comply with each of the representations and warranties respecting Eligible Credit Card Receivables made in the Loan Documents, and that are not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria set forth below; provided, that such criteria may be revised from time to time by Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion to address the results of any information with respect to the Borrowers business or assets of which Agent becomes aware after the Closing Date, including any field examination performed by (or on behalf of) Agent from time to time after the Closing Date. In determining the amount to be included, Eligible Credit Card Receivables shall be calculated net of customer deposits, unapplied cash, taxes, finance charges, service charges, discounts, credits, allowances, and rebates. Eligible Credit Card Receivables shall not include the following: (a) any Credit Card Receivable that does not constitute a payment intangible (as defined in the Code) or an Account, (b) any Credit Card Receivable that has been outstanding for more than five days from the date of sale, (c) any Credit Card Receivable with respect to which the Account Debtor is an Affiliate of any Borrower or an employee or agent of any Borrower or any Affiliate of any Borrower, (d) any Credit Card Receivable arising in a transaction wherein goods are placed on consignment or are sold pursuant to a guaranteed sale, a sale or return, a sale on approval, a bill and hold, or any other terms by reason of which the payment by the Account Debtor may be conditional, (e) any Credit Card Receivable that is not payable in Dollars, (f) any Credit Card Receivable with respect to which the Account Debtor is a creditor of a Borrower, has or has asserted a right of recoupment or setoff, or has disputed its obligation to pay all or any portion of the Account, to the extent of such claim, right of recoupment or setoff, or dispute, (g) any Credit Card Receivable with respect to which the applicable Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor is subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, is not Solvent, has gone out of business, or as to which any Borrower has received notice of an imminent Insolvency Proceeding or a material impairment of the financial condition of such Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor, (h) any Credit Card Receivable, the collection of which, Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, believes to be doubtful, including by reason of the financial condition of the applicable Credit Card Issuer or the Credit Card Processor, (i) any Credit Card Receivable (i) that is not subject to a valid and perfected first- priority Agent s Lien (subject only to Liens in favor of Third-Party Term Loan Agent permitted pursuant to the terms hereof and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement), or (ii) with respect to which a Borrower does not have good, valid, and marketable title thereto, free and clear of any Lien (other than Agent s Lien and the Third-Party Term Loan Agent s Lien), (j) any Credit Card Receivable with respect to which the applicable Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor is a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Entity, 

21 173127432 (k) any Credit Card Receivable that represents the right to receive progress payments or other advance billings that are due prior to the completion of performance by the applicable Borrower of the subject contract for goods or services, (l) any Credit Card Receivable where such Credit Card Receivable or the underlying contract contravenes any laws, rules or regulations applicable thereto, including, without limitation, rules and regulations relating to truth-in-lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy or any Person party to the underlying contract is in violation of any such laws, rules or regulations, (m) any Credit Card Receivable that is not a valid, legally enforceable obligation of the applicable Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor with respect thereto, (n) any Credit Card Receivable as to which the applicable Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor has the right under certain circumstances to require a Loan Party to repurchase the Credit Card Receivables from such Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor (o) any Credit Card Receivable that is disputed or with recourse or with respect to which a claim, chargeback, offset, deduction or counterclaim, dispute or other defense has been asserted (to the extent of such claim, chargeback, offset, deduction or counterclaim, dispute or other defense); (p) any Credit Card Receivable that is evidenced by chattel paper or an instrument of any kind unless such chattel paper or instrument is in the possession of Agent, and to the extent necessary or appropriate, endorsed to Agent, (q) any Credit Card Receivable that is subject to any accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or other allowances (including any amount that a Borrower may be obligated to rebate to a customer, Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor pursuant to the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) (to the extent of such discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or other allowances), (r) any Credit Card Receivable for which cash has been received in respect of such Credit Card Receivable but not yet applied by the applicable Borrower to reduce the amount of such Credit Card Receivable (but only to the extent of the aggregate amount of cash that has been received in respect of such Credit Card Receivable but not yet applied by the applicable Borrower to reduce the amount of such Credit Card Receivable), (s) any portion of Credit Card Receivables that reflect a reasonable reserve for warranty claims or returns or amounts which are owed to Account Debtors, including those for rebates, allowances, co-op advertising, or other deductions, or (t) Credit Card Receivables owned by a Person that is joined to this Agreement as a Borrower pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, until the completion of a field examination with respect to such Credit Card Receivables, in each case, satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Eligible Finished Goods Inventory means Inventory that qualifies as Eligible Inventory and consists of first-quality finished goods held for sale in the ordinary course of Borrowers business. Eligible In-Transit Inventory means those items of Inventory that do not qualify as Eligible Inventory solely because (i)(A) they are not located at one of the locations in the continental United States 

22 173127432 set forth on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement (as such Schedule 4.25 may be amended from time to time in accordance with Section 5.14) (or in-transit from one such location to another such location), or (B) they are in transit from a location other than a location set forth on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement (as such Schedule 4.25 may be amended from time to time in accordance with Section 5.14) and (ii) a Borrower does not have actual and exclusive possession thereof, but as to which, (a) such Inventory currently is in transit (whether by vessel, air, or land) from an origin location outside of the continental United States to a location set forth on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement (as such Schedule 4.25 may be amended from time to time in accordance with Section 5.14), (b) title to such Inventory has passed to a Borrower and Agent shall have received such evidence thereof as it may from time to time require, (c) such Inventory is insured against types of loss, damage, hazards, and risks, and in amounts, satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion, and Agent shall have received a copy of the certificate of marine cargo or casualty insurance in connection therewith in which it has been named as an additional insured and loss payee in a manner acceptable to Agent, (d) unless Agent otherwise agrees in writing with respect to any such Inventory with regards to Inventory that is in transit (whether by vessel, air, or land) from an origin location outside of the continental United States to a location set forth on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement (as such Schedule 4.25 may be amended from time to time in accordance with Section 5.14), such Inventory either: (i) is the subject of a negotiable bill of lading governed by the laws of a state within the United States (A) that is consigned to Agent or one of its Customs Brokers (either directly or by means of endorsements), (B) that was issued by the carrier (including a non-vessel operating common carrier) in possession of the Inventory that is subject to such bill of lading, and (C) that either is in the possession of Agent or a Customs Broker (in each case in the continental United States), or (ii) is the subject of a negotiable forwarder s cargo receipt governed by the laws of a state within the United States and is not the subject of a bill of lading (other than a negotiable bill of lading consigned to, and in the possession of, a consolidator or Agent, or their respective agents) and such negotiable cargo receipt on its face indicates the name of the Customs Broker as a carrier or multimodal transport operator and has been signed or otherwise authenticated by it in such capacity or as a named agent for or on behalf of the carrier or multimodal transport operator, in any case respecting such Inventory (A) consigned to Agent or one of its Customs Brokers that is handling the importing, shipping and delivery of such Inventory (either directly or by means of endorsements), (B) that was issued by a consolidator respecting the subject Inventory, and (C) that is in the possession of Agent or a Customs Broker (in each case in the continental United States), (e) such Inventory is in the possession of a common carrier (including on behalf of any non-vessel operating common carrier) that has issued the bill of lading or other document of title with respect thereto or the Customs Broker handling the importing, shipping and delivery of such Inventory, 

23 173127432 (f) the documents of title related thereto are subject to the valid and perfected first- priority Lien of Agent (subject only to Liens in favor of the Third-Party Term Loan Agent permitted pursuant to the terms hereof and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement), (g) Agent determines that such Inventory is not subject to (i) any Person s right of reclamation, repudiation, stoppage in transit or diversion or (ii) any other right or claim of any other Person which is (or is capable of being) senior to, or pari passu with, the Lien of Agent or Agent determines that any Person s right or claim impairs, or interferes with, directly or indirectly, the ability of Agent to realize on, or reduces the amount that Agent may realize from the sale or other disposition of such Inventory, unless, in the case of unpaid freight forwarder fees and expenses or customer duties and custom fees associated with such Inventory, Administrative Borrower has provided an estimate of same to Agent in order for Agent to establish an appropriate Reserve with respect thereto, (h) Administrative Borrower has provided (i) a certificate to Agent that certifies that, to the best knowledge of such Borrower, such Inventory meets all of Borrowers representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents concerning Eligible In-Transit Inventory, that it knows of no reason why such Inventory would not be accepted by such Borrower when it arrives in the continental United States and that the shipment as evidenced by the documents conforms to the related order documents, and (ii) upon Agent s request, a copy of the invoice, packing slip and manifest with respect thereto, and (i) such Inventory shall not have been in transit for more than 45 days. Eligible Inventory means Inventory of a Borrower that complies with each of the representations and warranties respecting Eligible Inventory made in the Loan Documents, and that is not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria set forth below; provided, that such criteria may be revised from time to time by Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion to address the results of any information with respect to the Borrowers business or assets of which Agent becomes aware after the Closing Date, including any field examination or appraisal performed or received by Agent from time to time after the Closing Date. In determining the amount to be so included, Inventory shall be valued at the lower of cost or market on a basis consistent with Borrowers historical accounting practices. An item of Inventory shall not be included in Eligible Inventory if: (a) a Borrower does not have good, valid, and marketable title thereto, (b) a Borrower does not have actual and exclusive possession thereof (either directly or through a bailee or agent of a Borrower), (c) it is not located at one of the locations in the continental United States set forth on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement (as such Schedule 4.25 may be amended from time to time in accordance with Section 5.14) (or in-transit from one such location to another such location), (d) it is stored at locations holding less than 100,000 of the aggregate value of such Borrower s Inventory, (e) it is in-transit to or from a location of a Borrower (other than in-transit from one location set forth on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement to another location set forth on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement (as such Schedule 4.25 may be amended from time to time in accordance with Section 5.14)), (f) it is located on real property leased by a Borrower or in a contract warehouse or with a bailee, in each case, unless either (i) it is subject to a Collateral Access Agreement executed by the 

24 173127432 lessor or warehouseman, as the case may be, and it is segregated or otherwise separately identifiable from goods of others, if any, stored on the premises, or (ii) either (A) Agent has established a Landlord Reserve with respect to such location, or (B) Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, has determined to not establish a Landlord Reserve with respect to such location at such time (which determination shall not limit Agent s ability to establish a Landlord Reserve with respect to such location at any other time, in its Permitted Discretion and otherwise in accordance with this Agreement), (g) it is the subject of a bill of lading or other document of title, (h) it is not subject to a valid and perfected first-priority Agent s Lien (subject only to Liens in favor of the Third-Party Term Loan Agent permitted pursuant to the terms hereof and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement), (i) it consists of goods returned or rejected by a Borrower s customers, (j) it consists of goods that are obsolete, slow moving, spoiled or are otherwise past the stated expiration, sell-by or use by date applicable thereto, restrictive or custom items or otherwise is manufactured in accordance with customer-specific requirements, work-in-process, raw materials, or goods that constitute packaging and shipping materials, supplies used or consumed in Borrowers business, bill and hold goods, defective goods, seconds, or Inventory acquired on consignment, (k) it is subject to third-party intellectual property, licensing or other proprietary rights, unless Agent is satisfied that such Inventory can be freely sold by Agent on and after the occurrence of an Event of Default despite such third party rights, or (l) such Inventory is owned by a Person that is joined to this Agreement as a Borrower pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, until the completion of an Acceptable Appraisal of such Inventory and the completion of a field examination with respect to such Inventory that is satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Eligible Spare Parts Inventory means Inventory that qualifies as Eligible Inventory and consists of goods that are first-quality spare parts and that are not located in open pallets or containers. Eligible Transferee means (a) any Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender), any Affiliate of any Lender and any Related Fund of any Lender; (b)(i) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, and having total assets in excess of 1,000,000,000; (ii) a savings and loan association or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, and having total assets in excess of 1,000,000,000; (iii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country or a political subdivision thereof; provided, that (A)(x) such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States, or (y) such bank is organized under the laws of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development or a political subdivision of such country, and (B) such bank has total assets in excess of 1,000,000,000; (c) any other entity (other than a natural person) that is an accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) that extends credit or buys loans as one of its businesses including insurance companies, investment or mutual funds and lease financing companies, and having total assets in excess of 1,000,000,000; and (d) during the continuation of an Event of Default, any other Person approved by Agent. Employee Benefit Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not subject to ERISA, (a) that is or within the preceding six (6) years has been sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate or (b) to which any Loan 

25 173127432 Party or ERISA Affiliate has, or has had at any time within the preceding six (6) years, any liability, contingent or otherwise. Environmental Action means any written complaint, summons, citation, notice, directive, order, claim, litigation, investigation, judicial or administrative proceeding, judgment, letter, or other written communication from any Governmental Authority, or any third party involving violations of Environmental Laws or releases of Hazardous Materials (a) from any assets, properties, or businesses of any Borrower, any Subsidiary of any Borrower, or any of their predecessors in interest, (b) from adjoining properties or businesses, or (c) from or onto any facilities which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Borrower, any Subsidiary of any Borrower, or any of their predecessors in interest. Environmental Law means any applicable federal, state, provincial, foreign or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, binding and enforceable guideline, binding and enforceable written policy, or rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended, or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, in each case, to the extent binding on any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, relating to the environment, the effect of the environment on employee health, or Hazardous Materials, in each case as amended from time to time. Environmental Liabilities means all liabilities, monetary obligations, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, experts, or consultants, and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions, and interest incurred as a result of any claim or demand, or Remedial Action required, by any Governmental Authority or any third party, and which relate to any Environmental Action. Environmental Lien means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority for Environmental Liabilities. Equipment means equipment (as that term is defined in the Code). Equity Interests means, with respect to a Person, all of the shares, options, warrants, interests, participations, or other equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including capital stock (or other ownership or profit interests or units), preferred stock, or any other equity security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act). ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute thereto. ERISA Affiliate means (a) any Person subject to ERISA whose employees are treated as employed by the same employer as the employees of any Loan Party under IRC Section 414(b), (b) any trade or business subject to ERISA whose employees are treated as employed by the same employer as the employees of any Loan Party under IRC Section 414(c), (c) solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, any organization subject to ERISA that is a member of an affiliated service group of which any Loan Party is a member under IRC Section 414(m), or (d) solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, any Person subject to ERISA that is a party to an arrangement with any Loan Party and whose employees are aggregated with the employees of such Loan Party under IRC Section 414(o). Erroneous Payment has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.16 of this Agreement. 

26 173127432 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.16 of this Agreement. Erroneous Payment Impacted Loans has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.16 of this Agreement. Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.16 of this Agreement. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. Event of Default has the meaning specified therefor in Section 8 of this Agreement. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect from time to time. Excluded Assets has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guaranty of such Loan Party of (including by virtue of the joint and several liability provisions of Section 2.15), or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guaranty thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guaranty of such Loan Party or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal. Excluded Taxes means (i) any tax imposed on the net income or net profits of any Lender or any Participant (including any branch profits taxes), in each case imposed by the jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such Lender or such Participant is organized or the jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such Lender s or such Participant s principal office is located in or as a result of a present or former connection between such Lender or such Participant and the jurisdiction or taxing authority imposing the tax (other than any such connection arising solely from such Lender or such Participant having executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received payment under, or enforced its rights or remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document), (ii) withholding taxes that would not have been imposed but for a Lender s or a Participant s failure to comply with the requirements of Section 16.2 of this Agreement, (iii) any United States federal withholding taxes that would be imposed on amounts payable to a Foreign Lender based upon the applicable withholding rate in effect at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office, other than a designation made at the request of a Loan Party), except that Excluded Taxes shall not include (A) any amount that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was previously entitled to receive pursuant to Section 16.1 of this Agreement, if any, with respect to such withholding tax at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office), and (B) additional United States federal withholding taxes that may be imposed after the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office), as a result of a change in law, rule, regulation, treaty, order or other decision or other Change in Law with respect to any of the foregoing by any Governmental Authority, and (iv) any United States federal withholding taxes imposed under FATCA. 

27 173127432 Existing Credit Facility means Borrowers existing credit facility governed by that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2019, by and among Nautilus and Octane Fitness, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company, as borrowers, the other Persons party thereto as Loan Parties, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, as administrative agent, and the other related loan documentation. Extraordinary Advances has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(d)(iii) of this Agreement. Extraordinary Receipts means (a) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, proceeds of judgments, proceeds of settlements, or other consideration of any kind received in connection with any cause of action or claim, or any Tax refunds, and (b) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any payments received by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of proceeds described in Section 2.4(e)(iii) of this Agreement) consisting of (i) proceeds of judgments, proceeds of settlements, or other consideration of any kind received in connection with any cause of action or claim (and not consisting of proceeds described in Section 2.4(e)(iii) of this Agreement, but including proceeds of business interruption insurance), or any Tax refunds, (ii) indemnity payments (other than to the extent such indemnity payments are immediately payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iii) any purchase price adjustment received in connection with any purchase agreement. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), and (a) any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, (b) any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the IRC, and (c) any intergovernmental agreement entered into by the United States (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, or practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection therewith). FCCR Financial Covenant Trigger Date means the first date on which both (i) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the 12-month period ended on the last day of the fiscal month immediately prior to such date is at least 1.00 to 1.00 and (ii) Availability is equal to or greater than 20,000,000. FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to, for each day during such period, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it (and, if any such rate is below zero, then the rate determined pursuant to this definition shall be deemed to be zero). Fee Letter means that certain fee letter, dated as of even date with this Agreement, among Borrowers and Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. Fixed Charges means, with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to Borrowers and their Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, the sum, without duplication, of (a) Interest Expense required to be paid (net of interest income of such Person during such period and excluding interest paid-in-kind, amortization of financing fees, costs, and expenses, and other non-cash Interest Expense) during such period, (b) principal payments in respect of Indebtedness for borrowed 

28 173127432 money paid (whether voluntary, mandatory, scheduled or otherwise) or that are required to be paid during such period (including any required payments or prepayments from excess cash flow during such period, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, principal payments relating to outstanding Revolving Loans, the Term Loan owing under this Agreement which was repaid on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date and the Third-Party Term Loan), (c) all federal, state, and local income taxes required to be paid in cash during such period (net receipt of tax refunds paid in cash), provided, that any tax refunds received shall be applied in the inverse order for, and in amounts actually paid in, the period in which the applicable cash outlay for such taxes was made, (d) all Restricted Payments paid (whether in cash or other property, other than common Equity Interests) during such period, and (e) to the extent not otherwise deducted from EBITDA for such period, all payments required to be made during such period in respect of any funding deficiency or funding shortfall with respect to any Pension Plan or for any Withdrawal Liability. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to Borrowers determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for such period minus Unfinanced Capital Expenditures made (to the extent not already incurred in a prior period) or incurred during such period, to (b) Fixed Charges for such period. Flood Laws means the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, and related laws, rules and regulations, including any amendments or successor provisions. Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0 . Flow of Funds Agreement means a flow of funds agreement, dated as of even date with this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, executed and delivered by Borrowers and Agent. Foreign Lender means any Lender or Participant that is not a United States person within the meaning of IRC section 7701(a)(30). Foreign Subsidiary means any direct or indirect subsidiary of any Loan Party that is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. Funding Date means the date on which a Borrowing occurs. Funding Losses has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.12(b)(ii) of this Agreement. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States, consistently applied. Governing Documents means, with respect to any Person, the certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws, or other organizational documents of such Person. Governmental Authority means the government of any nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether at the national, state, territorial, provincial, county, municipal or any other level, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of, or pertaining to, government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

29 173127432 Guarantor means (a) each Person that guaranties all or a portion of the Obligations, including any Person that is a Guarantor under the Guaranty and Security Agreement, and (b) each other Person that becomes a guarantor after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.11 of this Agreement. Guaranty and Security Agreement means a guaranty and security agreement, dated as of even date with this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, executed and delivered by each of the Loan Parties to Agent. Hazardous Materials means (a) substances that are defined or listed in, or otherwise classified pursuant to, any applicable laws or regulations as hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous wastes, toxic substances, or any other formulation intended to define, list, or classify substances by reason of deleterious properties such as ignitability, corrosivity, reactivity, carcinogenicity, reproductive toxicity, or EP toxicity , (b) oil, petroleum, or petroleum derived substances, natural gas, natural gas liquids, synthetic gas, drilling fluids, produced waters, and other wastes associated with the exploration, development, or production of crude oil, natural gas, or geothermal resources, (c) any flammable substances or explosives or any radioactive materials, and (d) asbestos in any form or electrical equipment that contains any oil or dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in excess of 50 parts per million. Hedge Agreement means a swap agreement as that term is defined in Section 101(53B)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code. Hedge Obligations means any and all obligations or liabilities, whether absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries arising under, owing pursuant to, or existing in respect of Hedge Agreements entered into with one or more of the Hedge Providers. Hedge Provider means Wells Fargo or any of its Affiliates. Hilco means Hilco Enterprise Valuation Services, LLC. Immaterial Subsidiaries means, collectively, (a) Nautilus Shanghai Fitness and (b) US Octane Fitness. Increase has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.14. Increase Date means, with respect to any Increase, the date of the effectiveness of the increased Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount. Increase Joinder has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.14. Increased Reporting Event means if at any time Availability is less than the greater of (a) 15.0 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve) and (b) 12,500,000. Increased Reporting Period means the period commencing after the continuance of an Increased Reporting Event and continuing until the date when no Increased Reporting Event has occurred for 30 consecutive days. Indebtedness as to any Person means (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments and 

30 173127432 all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, or other financial products, (c) all obligations of such Person as a lessee under Capital Leases, (d) all obligations or liabilities of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed, (e) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of assets (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business and repayable in accordance with customary trade practices and, for the avoidance of doubt, other than royalty payments payable in the ordinary course of business in respect of non-exclusive licenses) and any earn-out or similar obligations, (f) all monetary obligations of such Person owing under Hedge Agreements (which amount shall be calculated based on the amount that would be payable by such Person if the Hedge Agreement were terminated on the date of determination), (g) any Disqualified Equity Interests of such Person, and (h) any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted, or sold with recourse) any obligation of any other Person that constitutes Indebtedness under any of clauses (a) through (g) above. For purposes of this definition, (i) the amount of any Indebtedness represented by a guaranty or other similar instrument shall be the lesser of the principal amount of the obligations guaranteed and still outstanding and the maximum amount for which the guaranteeing Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Indebtedness, and (ii) the amount of any Indebtedness which is limited or is non-recourse to a Person or for which recourse is limited to an identified asset shall be valued at the lesser of (A) if applicable, the limited amount of such obligations, and (B) if applicable, the fair market value of such assets securing such obligation. Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.3 of this Agreement. Indemnified Person has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.3 of this Agreement. Indemnified Taxes means, (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by, or on account of any obligation of, any Loan Party under any Loan Document, and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a), Other Taxes. Insolvency Proceeding means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of the Bankruptcy Code or under any other state or federal bankruptcy or insolvency law, assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions, extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other similar relief. Intellectual Property has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Intellectual Property Licenses has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Intercompany Subordination Agreement means an intercompany subordination agreement, dated as of even date with this Agreement, executed and delivered by each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries, and Agent, the form and substance of which is reasonably satisfactory to Agent. Intercreditor Agreement means (a) that certain Intercreditor Agreement, dated on or about the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date by and between Agent and Third-Party Term Loan Agent and acknowledged and agreed to by the Loan Parties, as amended, modified, restated or replaced from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof or (b) any other intercreditor agreement acceptable to the Agent by and among the Agent and any agent or trustee with respect to the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement or any Refinancing Indebtedness thereof, as it may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. 

31 173127432 Interest Expense means, for any period, the aggregate of the interest expense of Borrowers for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Interest Period means, with respect to any SOFR Loan, a period commencing on the date of the making of such SOFR Loan (or the continuation of a SOFR Loan or the conversion of a Base Rate Loan to a SOFR Loan) and ending 1 month or 3 months thereafter; provided, that (a) interest shall accrue at the applicable rate based upon Term SOFR from and including the first day of each Interest Period to, but excluding, the day on which any Interest Period expires, (b) any Interest Period that would end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (c) with respect to an Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period), the Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month that is 1 month or 3 months after the date on which the Interest Period began, as applicable, (d) Borrowers may not elect an Interest Period which will end after the Maturity Date and (e) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(D) shall be available for specification in any SOFR Notice or conversion or continuation notice. Inventory means inventory (as that term is defined in the Code). Inventory Letter Agreement means that certain letter agreement regarding Inventory in the United States dated on or about the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date among Nautilus and each of its Foreign Subsidiaries and acknowledged by Third-Party Term Loan Agent and Agent, as the same may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms. Inventory Reserves means, as of any date of determination, (a) Landlord Reserves in respect of Inventory, (b) in the case of Eligible Inventory, to be consistent with and not duplicative of the calculation of the Net Recovery Percentage with respect to such Inventory, those reserves that Agent deems necessary or appropriate, in its Permitted Discretion and subject to Section 2.1(c), to establish and maintain (including reserves for slow moving Inventory and Inventory shrinkage) with respect to Eligible Inventory or the Maximum Revolver Amount, including based on the results of appraisals, and (c) in the case of Eligible In- Transit Inventory, to be consistent with and not duplicative of the calculation of the Net Recovery Percentage with respect to such Inventory, those reserves that Agent deems necessary or appropriate, in its Permitted Discretion and subject to Section 2.1(c), to establish and maintain with respect to Eligible In- Transit Inventory or the Maximum Revolver Amount (i) to the extent not already included in the Net Recovery Percentage with respect to such Inventory, for the estimated costs relating to unpaid freight charges, warehousing or storage charges, taxes, duties, and other similar unpaid costs associated with the acquisition of such Eligible In-Transit Inventory, plus (ii) for the estimated reclamation claims of unpaid sellers of such Eligible In-Transit Inventory. Investment means, with respect to any Person, any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in the form of loans, guarantees, advances, capital contributions (excluding (a) commission, travel, and similar advances to officers and employees of such Person made in the ordinary course of business, and (b) bona fide accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business but including, without limitation, all Special Foreign Subsidiary Investments), or acquisitions of Indebtedness, Equity Interests, or all or substantially all of the assets of such other Person (or of any division or business line of such other Person), and any other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP. The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustment for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs, or write-offs with respect to such Investment. 

32 173127432 Investment Grade Account Debtor means an account debtor that, at the time of determination, maintains a corporate credit rating and/or family rating, as applicable, of BBB or higher by S P or Ba or higher in Moody s. IP means, with respect to any Borrower, Intellectual Property of such Borrower and Intellectual Property Licenses provided to such Borrower in or with respect to Intellectual Property owned or controlled by any other Person. IRC means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect from time to time. ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 (International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590) and any version or revision thereof accepted by the Issuing Bank for use. Issuer Document means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, a letter of credit application, a letter of credit agreement, or any other document, agreement or instrument entered into (or to be entered into) by a Borrower in favor of Issuing Bank and relating to such Letter of Credit. Issuing Bank means Wells Fargo or any other Lender that, at the request of Borrowers and with the consent of Agent, agrees, in such Lender s sole discretion, to become an Issuing Bank for the purpose of issuing Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.11 of this Agreement, and Issuing Bank shall be a Lender. IV has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 5. IV Purchase Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 5. IV Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 5. Joinder means a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 to this Agreement. Landlord Reserve means, as to each location at which a Borrower has Inventory or books and records located and as to which a Collateral Access Agreement has not been received by Agent, a reserve in an amount equal to 3 months rent, storage charges, fees or other amounts under the lease or other applicable agreement relative to such location or, if greater and Agent so elects, the number of months rent, storage charges, fess or other amounts for which the landlord, bailee, warehouseman or other property owner will have, under applicable law, a Lien in the Inventory of such Borrower to secure the payment of such amounts under the lease or other applicable agreement relative to such location. Lender has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement, shall include Issuing Bank and the Swing Lender, and shall also include any other Person made a party to this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.1 of this Agreement and Lenders means each of the Lenders or any one or more of them. Lender Group means each of the Lenders (including Issuing Bank and the Swing Lender) and Agent, or any one or more of them. Lender Group Expenses means all (a) reasonable and documented costs or expenses (including taxes and insurance premiums) required to be paid by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under any of the Loan Documents that are paid, advanced, or incurred by the Lender Group in accordance with the Loan Documents, (b) reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees or charges paid or incurred by Agent in connection with the Lender Group s transactions with each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries under any of 

33 173127432 the Loan Documents, including, photocopying, notarization, couriers and messengers, telecommunication, public record searches, filing fees, recording fees, publication, real estate surveys, real estate title policies and endorsements, and environmental audits, (c) Agent s customary fees and charges imposed or incurred in connection with any background checks or OFAC/PEP searches related to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (d) Agent s reasonable and documented customary fees and charges (as adjusted from time to time) with respect to the disbursement of funds (or the receipt of funds) to or for the account of any Borrower (whether by wire transfer or otherwise), together with any reasonable and documented out-of- pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, (e) customary charges imposed or incurred by Agent resulting from the dishonor of checks payable by or to any Loan Party, (f) reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses paid or incurred by the Lender Group to correct any default or enforce any provision of the Loan Documents, or during the continuance of an Event of Default, in gaining possession of, maintaining, handling, preserving, storing, shipping, selling, preparing for sale, or advertising to sell the Collateral, or any portion thereof, irrespective of whether a sale is consummated, (g) field examination, appraisal, and valuation fees and expenses of Agent related to any field examinations, appraisals, or valuation to the extent of the fees and charges (and up to the amount of any limitation) provided in Section 5.7(c) of this Agreement, (h) subject to the limitations in Section 10.3, Agent s and Lenders reasonable, documented costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses) relative to third party claims or any other lawsuit or adverse proceeding paid or incurred, whether in enforcing or defending the Loan Documents or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, Agent s Liens in and to the Collateral, or the Lender Group s relationship with any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (i) Agent s reasonable and documented costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and due diligence expenses) incurred in advising, structuring, drafting, reviewing, administering (including travel, meals, and lodging), syndicating (including reasonable costs and expenses relative to the rating of the Loans, CUSIP, DXSyndicate , SyndTrak or other communication costs incurred in connection with a syndication of the loan facilities), or amending, waiving, or modifying the Loan Documents, and (j) Agent s and each Lender s reasonable and documented costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors fees and expenses) incurred in terminating, enforcing (including attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors fees and expenses incurred in connection with a workout, a restructuring, or an Insolvency Proceeding concerning any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or in exercising rights or remedies under the Loan Documents), or defending the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether a lawsuit or other adverse proceeding is brought, or in taking any enforcement action or any Remedial Action with respect to the Collateral (provided, that the fees and expenses of counsel that shall constitute Lender Group Expenses shall in any event be limited to one primary counsel to Agent and one primary counsel to the Lenders, one local counsel to Agent in each reasonably necessary jurisdiction, one specialty counsel to Agent in each reasonably necessary specialty area (including insolvency law), and one or more additional counsel to Lenders if one or more conflicts of interest arise). Lender Group Representatives has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9 of this Agreement. Lender-Related Person means, with respect to any Lender, such Lender, together with such Lender s Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents. Letter of Credit means a letter of credit (as that term is defined in the Code) issued by Issuing Bank. Letter of Credit Collateralization means either (a) providing cash collateral (pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to Agent (including that Agent has a first-priority perfected Lien in such cash collateral), including provisions that specify that the Letter of Credit Fees and all commissions, 

34 173127432 fees, charges and expenses provided for in Section 2.11(k) of this Agreement (including any fronting fees) will continue to accrue while the Letters of Credit are outstanding) to be held by Agent for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders in an amount equal to 103 of the then existing Letter of Credit Usage, (b) delivering to Agent documentation executed by all beneficiaries under the Letters of Credit, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Issuing Bank, terminating all of such beneficiaries rights under the Letters of Credit, or (c) providing Agent with a standby letter of credit, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, from a commercial bank acceptable to Agent (in its sole discretion) in an amount equal to 103 of the then existing Letter of Credit Usage (it being understood that the Letter of Credit Fee and all fronting fees set forth in this Agreement will continue to accrue while the Letters of Credit are outstanding and that any such fees that accrue must be an amount that can be drawn under any such standby letter of credit). Letter of Credit Disbursement means a payment made by Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. Letter of Credit Exposure means, as of any date of determination with respect to any Lender, such Lender s participation in the Letter of Credit Usage pursuant to Section 2.11(e) on such date. Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.6(b) of this Agreement. Letter of Credit Fee Margin has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin. Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.11(f) of this Agreement. Letter of Credit Related Person has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.11(f) of this Agreement. Letter of Credit Sublimit means 15,000,000. Letter of Credit Usage means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit, plus (b) the aggregate amount of outstanding reimbursement obligations with respect to Letters of Credit which remain unreimbursed or which have not been paid through a Revolving Loan. Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, charge, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, easement, lien (statutory or other), security interest, or other security arrangement and any other preference, priority, or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, including any conditional sale contract or other title retention agreement, the interest of a lessor under a Capital Lease and any synthetic or other financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing. Line Cap means, as of any date of determination, the lesser of (a) the Maximum Revolver Amount, and (b) the Borrowing Base as of such date of determination. Liquidity means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (a) Availability plus (b) the Qualified Cash Amount. Loan means any Revolving Loan, Swing Loan or Extraordinary Advance made (or to be made) hereunder. 

35 173127432 Loan Account has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.9 of this Agreement. Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Control Agreements, the Copyright Security Agreement, any Borrowing Base Certificate, the Credit Card Notifications, the Fee Letter, the Guaranty and Security Agreement, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, the Inventory Letter Agreement, any Issuer Documents, the Letters of Credit, the Loan Manager Side Letter, the Mortgages, the Pacific Direct Collateral Assignment, the Patent Security Agreement, the Trademark Security Agreement, any note or notes executed by Borrowers in connection with this Agreement and payable to any member of the Lender Group, and any other instrument or agreement entered into, now or in the future, by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any member of the Lender Group in connection with this Agreement (but specifically excluding Bank Product Agreements). Loan Manager Side Letter means, as applicable, that certain letter agreement between the Borrowers and Wells Fargo regarding the terms under which Wells Fargo will provide services to the Borrowers in respect of Wells Fargo s proprietary automated loan management program. Loan Party means any Borrower or any Guarantor. Margin Stock as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors as in effect from time to time. Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse effect in the business, operations, results of operations, assets, liabilities or financial condition of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) a material impairment of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries ability, taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents to which they are parties or of the Lender Group s ability to enforce the Obligations or realize upon the Collateral (other than as a result of as a result of an action taken or not taken that is solely in the control of Agent), or (c) a material impairment of the enforceability or priority of Agent s Liens with respect to all or a material portion of the Collateral. Material Contract means, with respect to any Person, (a) the Pacific Direct License Agreement and (b) all other contracts or agreements the loss of which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect other than the Loan Documents. Material Customers means, collectively, the Persons set forth on Schedule 4.20 to this Agreement. Maturity Date means earlier of (a) October 29, 2026 and (b) the Maturity Date under the Third- Party Term Loan Agreement. Maximum Revolver Amount means 60,000,000, decreased by the amount of reductions in the Revolver Commitments made in accordance with Section 2.4(c) of this Agreement and increased by the amount of any Increase made in accordance with Section 2.14 of this Agreement. Moody s has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Cash Equivalents. Mortgages means, individually and collectively, one or more mortgages, deeds of trust, or deeds to secure debt, executed and delivered by a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries in favor of Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, that encumber the Real Property Collateral. Multiemployer Plan means any multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA with respect to which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has an obligation to 

36 173127432 contribute or has any liability, contingent or otherwise or could be assessed withdrawal liability assuming a complete withdrawal from any such multiemployer plan. Nautilus Dutch means Nautilus Fitness International, B.V., a company with limited liability organized under the laws of the Netherlands and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Nautilus. Nautilus Fitness Equipments means Nautilus (Shanghai) Fitness Equipments Co., Ltd., a company with limited liability organized under the law of the People s Republic of China and a wholly- owned Subsidiary of Nautilus. Nautilus Shanghai Fitness means Nautilus (Shanghai) Fitness Co., Ltd., a company with limited liability organized under the law of the People s Republic of China and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Nautilus. Nautilus Swiss means Nautilus Switzerland AG, a company organized under the laws of Switzerland and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Nautilus. Net Cash Proceeds means: (a) with respect to any sale or disposition by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of assets, the amount of cash proceeds received (directly or indirectly) from time to time (whether as initial consideration or through the payment of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, in connection therewith after deducting therefrom only (i) the amount of any Indebtedness secured by any Permitted Lien on any asset (other than (A) Indebtedness owing to Agent or any Lender under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and (B) Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such asset) which is required to be, and is, repaid in connection with such sale or disposition, (ii) reasonable fees, commissions, and expenses related thereto and required to be paid by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such sale or disposition, (iii) Taxes paid or payable to any taxing authorities by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such sale or disposition, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that the amounts so deducted are, at the time of receipt of such cash, actually paid or payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, and are properly attributable to such transaction, and (iv) all amounts that are set aside as a reserve (A) for adjustments in respect of the purchase price of such assets, (B) for any liabilities associated with such sale or casualty, to the extent such reserve is required by GAAP, and (C) for the payment of unassumed liabilities relating to the assets sold or otherwise disposed of at the time of, or within 30 days after, the date of such sale or other disposition, to the extent that in each case the funds described above in this clause (iv) are (x) deposited into escrow with a third party escrow agent or set aside in a separate Deposit Account that is subject to a Control Agreement in favor of Agent, and (y) paid to Agent as a prepayment of the applicable Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(e) of this Agreement at such time when such amounts are no longer required to be set aside as such a reserve; and (b) with respect to the issuance or incurrence of any Indebtedness by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or the issuance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Equity Interests, the aggregate amount of cash received (directly or indirectly) from time to time (whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such issuance or incurrence, after deducting therefrom only (i) reasonable fees, commissions, and expenses related thereto and required to be paid by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such issuance or incurrence, and (ii) taxes paid or payable to any taxing authorities by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such issuance or incurrence, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that the amounts so deducted are, at the time of receipt of 

37 173127432 such cash, actually paid or payable to a Person that is not an Affiliate of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, and are properly attributable to such transaction. Net Recovery Percentage means, as of any date of determination, the percentage of the book value of Borrowers Inventory that is estimated to be recoverable in an orderly liquidation of such Inventory net of all associated costs and expenses of such liquidation, such percentage to be determined as to each category of Inventory and to be as specified in the most recent Acceptable Appraisal of Inventory. Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 14.2(a) of this Agreement. Non-Defaulting Lender means each Lender other than a Defaulting Lender. Notification Event means (a) the occurrence of a reportable event described in Section 4043 of ERISA for which the 30-day notice requirement has not been waived by applicable regulations issued by the PBGC, (b) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA, (c) the termination of a Pension Plan, the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination, under Section 4041 of ERISA, if the plan assets are not sufficient to pay all plan liabilities, (d) the institution of proceedings to terminate, or the appointment of a trustee with respect to, any Pension Plan by the PBGC or any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan administrator, (e) any other event or condition that would constitute grounds under Section 4042(a) of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan, (f) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to the IRC or ERISA in connection with any Pension Plan or the existence of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien, (g) the partial or complete withdrawal of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan (other than any withdrawal that would not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.12 of this Agreement), (h) any event or condition that results in the insolvency of a Multiemployer Plan under Sections of ERISA, (i) any event or condition that results in the termination of a Multiemployer Plan under Section 4041A of ERISA or the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate or to appoint a trustee to administer a Multiemployer Plan under ERISA, (j) any Pension Plan being determined to be in at risk status within the meaning of IRC Section 430(i), (k) any Multiemployer Plan being determined to be in endangered status or critical status within the meaning of IRC Section 432(b) or the written determination that any Multiemployer Plan is or is expected to be insolvent within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, (l) with respect to any Pension Plan, any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate incurring a substantial cessation of operations within the meaning of ERISA Section 4062(e), (m) an accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of the IRC or ERISA (including Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA) or the failure of any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan to meet the minimum funding standards within the meaning of the IRC or ERISA (including Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA), in each case, whether or not waived, (n) the filing of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standards within the meaning of the IRC or ERISA (including Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA) with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (o) the failure to make by its due date a required payment or contribution with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (p) any event that results in or could reasonably be expected to result in a liability by a Loan Party pursuant to Title I of ERISA or the excise tax provisions of the IRC relating to Employee Benefit Plans or any event that results in or could reasonably be expected to result in a liability to any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title IV of ERISA or Section 401(a)(29) of the IRC, or (q) any of the foregoing is reasonably likely to occur in the following 30 days; provided, that in each of above clauses (a) through (q), it either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Obligations means (a) all loans (including the Revolving Loans (inclusive of Extraordinary Advances and Swing Loans)), debts, principal, interest (including any interest that accrues after the 

38 173127432 commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), reimbursement or indemnification obligations with respect to Letters of Credit (irrespective of whether contingent), premiums, liabilities (including all amounts charged to the Loan Account pursuant to this Agreement), obligations (including indemnification obligations), fees (including the fees provided for in the Fee Letter), Lender Group Expenses (including any fees or expenses that accrue after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), guaranties, and all covenants and duties of any other kind and description owing by any Loan Party arising out of, under, pursuant to, in connection with, or evidenced by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and irrespective of whether for the payment of money, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and including all interest not paid when due and all other expenses or other amounts that any Loan Party is required to pay or reimburse by the Loan Documents or by law or otherwise in connection with the Loan Documents, and (b) all Bank Product Obligations; provided that, anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing notwithstanding, the Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligation. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of Borrowers under the Loan Documents include the obligation to pay (i) the principal of the Revolving Loans, (ii) interest accrued on the Revolving Loans, (iii) the amount necessary to reimburse Issuing Bank for amounts paid or payable pursuant to Letters of Credit, (iv) Letter of Credit commissions, fees (including fronting fees) and charges, (v) Lender Group Expenses, (vi) fees payable under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and (vii) indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party under any Loan Document. Any reference in this Agreement or in the Loan Documents to the Obligations shall include all or any portion thereof and any extensions, modifications, renewals, or alterations thereof, both prior and subsequent to any Insolvency Proceeding. OFAC means The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Originating Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(e) of this Agreement. Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court, excise, value added, or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document. Overadvance means, as of any date of determination, that the Revolver Usage is greater than any of the limitations set forth in Section 2.1 or Section 2.11 of this Agreement. Pacific Direct means Pacific Direct, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Pacific Direct Collateral Assignment means that certain Collateral Assignment (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the date hereof, by and among Nautilus, Pacific Direct, and Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Pacific Direct License Agreement means that certain Trademark License Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2001, by and among Nautilus, Pacific Direct, and Schwinn Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time as permitted pursuant to the terms of the Pacific Direct Collateral Assignment. Participant has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(e) of this Agreement. Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(i) of this Agreement. 

39 173127432 Patent Security Agreement has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Patriot Act has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4.13 of this Agreement. Payment Conditions means, at the time of determination with respect to a Specified Prepayment, that: (a) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise as a result of such Specified Prepayment, (b) either: (i) each of the following conditions in this clause (i) has been satisfied: (A) Availability, (1) at all times during the 30 consecutive days immediately preceding the date of such Specified Prepayment, calculated on a pro forma basis as if such Specified Prepayment was made on the first day of such period, and (2) after giving effect to such Specified Prepayment, is not less than 2,500,000, and (B) Liquidity (1) at all times during the 30 consecutive days immediately preceding the date of such Specified Prepayment, calculated on a pro forma basis as if such proposed Specified Prepayment was made on the first day of such period, and (2) after giving effect to such Specified Prepayment is not less than 20 of the Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), or (ii) each of the following conditions in this clause (ii) has been satisfied: (A) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries is equal to or greater than 1.10:1.00 for the trailing 12-month period most recently ended for which financial statements are required to have been delivered to Agent pursuant to Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement (calculated on a pro forma basis as if such proposed payment is a Fixed Charge made on the last day of such 12-month period (it being understood that such proposed payment shall also be a Fixed Charge made on the last day of such 12-month period for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio under this clause (ii) for any subsequent proposed payment to fund a Specified Prepayment)), (B) Availability, (1) at all times during the 30 consecutive days immediately preceding the date of such Specified Prepayment, calculated on a pro forma basis as if such proposed Specified Prepayment was made on the first day of such period, and (2) after giving effect to such Specified Prepayment, is not less than 2,500,000, and (C) Liquidity, (1) at all times during the 30 consecutive days immediately preceding the date of such proposed Specified Prepayment, calculated on a pro forma basis as if such proposed Specified Prepayment was made on the first day of such period and (2) after giving effect to such proposed Specified Prepayment, is not less than 15 of the Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), and Administrative Borrower has delivered a certificate to Agent certifying that all conditions described in clauses (a) and (b) above have been satisfied. 

40 173127432 Payment Recipient has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.16 of this Agreement. PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor agency. Pension Plan means any Employee Benefit Plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan, which is subject to the provisions of Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Sections 412 or 430 of the Code sponsored, maintained, or contributed to by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate or to which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has any liability, contingent or otherwise. Perfection Certificate means a certificate in the form of Exhibit P-1 to this Agreement. Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Term SOFR . Permitted Discretion means a determination made in the exercise of reasonable (from the perspective of a secured asset-based lender) business judgment. Permitted Dispositions means: (a) sales, abandonment, or other dispositions of Equipment that is substantially worn, damaged, or obsolete or no longer used or useful in the ordinary course of business and leases or subleases of Real Property not useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, (b) sales of Inventory to buyers in the ordinary course of business, (c) the use or transfer of money or Cash Equivalents and Permitted Policy Investments in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (d) the licensing, on a non-exclusive basis, of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business, (e) the granting of Permitted Liens, (f) the sale or discount, in each case without recourse, of accounts receivable (other than Eligible Accounts and Eligible Credit Card Receivables) arising in the ordinary course of business, but only in connection with the compromise or collection thereof, (g) any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property, (h) any involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition of use of property, (i) the leasing or subleasing of assets of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, (j) the sale or issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Administrative Borrower, (k) (i) the lapse of registered patents, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent not economically desirable in the conduct of its business, or (ii) the abandonment of patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business so long as (in each case under clauses (i) and (ii)), (A) with respect 

41 173127432 to copyrights, such copyrights are not material revenue generating copyrights, and (B) such lapse is not materially adverse to the interests of the Lender Group, (l) the making of Restricted Payments that are expressly permitted to be made pursuant to this Agreement, (m) the making of Permitted Investments, (n) sales, transfers or other dispositions of assets (i) from a Borrower to another Borrower, (ii) from any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Borrower) to a Loan Party, and (iii) from any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to any other Subsidiary of any Loan Party; provided that (x) such sales, transfers and Dispositions from any Loan Party to any Foreign Subsidiary are made (I) not in violation of the terms of Inventory Letter Agreement and (II) in the ordinary course of business consistent with the past practices of the Loan Parties and (y) no such sales, transfers and Dispositions shall be made from a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to any Immaterial Subsidiary, (o) dispositions of Equipment or Real Property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property, or (ii) the proceeds of such disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; provided, that to the extent the property being transferred constitutes Collateral, such replacement property shall constitute Collateral, (p) subject to the terms and conditions of Amendment No. 5, the IV Transaction, the Vi Transaction, and the acceleration of the royalty stream revenues pursuant to the terms of the Core Nautilus License Agreement (as amended by the Core Nautilus License Agreement Amendment), (q) dispositions of property pursuant to a Sale Leaseback that (i) is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair market value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 90 days after such Loan Party or such Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset, and (ii) the aggregate fair market value of all assets disposed of pursuant to this clause (q) would not exceed 500,000, (r) dispositions of Third-Party Term Loan Priority Collateral permitted by and subject to the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement and (s) sales or dispositions of fixed assets (including intangible property related to such fixed assets) not otherwise permitted in clauses (a) through (q) above so long as made at fair market value and the aggregate fair market value of all assets disposed of in fiscal year (including the proposed disposition) would not exceed 2,000,000; provided, that if, as of any date of determination, sales or dispositions by the Loan Parties during the period of time from the first day of the month in which such date of determination occurs until such date of determination, either individually or in the aggregate, involve 500,000 or more of assets included in the Borrowing Base (based on the fair market value of the assets so disposed) (the Threshold Amount ), then Borrowers shall have, prior to consummation of the sale or disposition that causes the assets included in the Borrowing Base that are disposed of during such period to exceed the Threshold Amount, delivered to Agent an updated Borrowing Base Certificate that reflects the removal of the applicable assets from the Borrowing Base. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, no other asset included in the determination of the Borrowing Base (other than Dispositions described in clause (d), (k) or (n) above) shall be the subject of any transfer, sale or disposition (in each case, pursuant to a Disposition, a Permitted Investment, a Permitted Lien or otherwise) to any non-Loan Party in compliance with this 

42 173127432 definition above unless before and after giving effect to any such Disposition, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the consummation of such Disposition, the Administrative Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent an updated Borrowing Base Certificate excluding the assets subject to such Disposition from the calculations thereunder. Permitted Indebtedness means: (a) Indebtedness in respect of the Obligations, (b) Indebtedness as of the Closing Date set forth on Schedule 4.14 to this Agreement and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness, (c) (i) Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness, (ii) Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) arising out of Sale Leaseback permitted under clause (q) of the definition of Permitted Dispositions, and (iii) any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any such Indebtedness under the immediately preceding clauses (i) and (ii), (d) Indebtedness arising in connection with the endorsement of instruments or other payment items for deposit, (e) Indebtedness consisting of (i) unsecured guarantees incurred in the ordinary course of business with respect to surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, completion guarantee and similar obligations; (ii) unsecured guarantees arising with respect to customary indemnification obligations to purchasers in connection with Permitted Dispositions; and (iii) unsecured guarantees with respect to Indebtedness of any Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries, to the extent that the Person that is obligated under such guaranty could have incurred such underlying Indebtedness, (f) [Reserved], (g) [Reserved], (h) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under performance, bid, surety, statutory, or appeal bonds, (i) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing worker s compensation, health, disability, or other employee benefits or property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the year in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such year, (j) the incurrence by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness under Hedge Agreements that is incurred for the bona fide purpose of hedging the interest rate, commodity, or foreign currency risks associated with such Loan Party s or such Subsidiary s operations and not for speculative purposes, (k) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, commercial cards (including so-called purchase cards , procurement cards or p-cards ), or Cash Management Services, (l) unsecured Indebtedness of any Loan Party owing to employees, former employees, former officers, directors, or former directors (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) 

43 173127432 incurred in connection with the repurchase or redemption by such Loan Party of the Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower that has been issued to such Persons as of the Closing Date, so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the incurrence of such Indebtedness, (ii) the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness outstanding at any one time does not exceed 100,000, and (iii) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to Agent, (m) contingent liabilities in respect of any indemnification obligation, adjustment of purchase price, non-compete, or similar obligation of any Loan Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Acquisitions, (n) Indebtedness comprising Permitted Investments, (o) unsecured Indebtedness incurred in respect of netting services, overdraft protection, and other like services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business, (p) [reserved], (q) Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 1,000,000 at any time outstanding for all Subsidiaries of each Loan Party that are CFCs; provided, that such Indebtedness is not directly or indirectly recourse to any of the Loan Parties or of their respective assets, (r) accrual of interest, accretion or amortization of original issue discount, or the payment of interest in kind, in each case, on Indebtedness that otherwise constitutes Permitted Indebtedness, and (s) the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations incurred pursuant to the Third-Party Term Loan Documents, provided that the maximum principal amount of the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations will not exceed the Maximum Term Loan Facility Amount (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement as in effect on the date hereof) plus, without duplication, any unpaid interest, fees, indemnification obligations, and/or other reimbursable costs and expenses which may be added to the principal balance of the Third- Party Term Loan Obligations, and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof to the extent not prohibited by the Intercreditor Agreement, and (t) any other unsecured Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed 5,000,000 at any one time. Permitted Intercompany Advances means loans made by (a) a Loan Party to another Loan Party, (b) a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to another Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party, (c) a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party to a Loan Party, so long as the parties thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, and (d) a Loan Party to a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party so long as, solely for purposes of this clause (d), (i) the aggregate amount of all such loans (by type, not by the borrower) does not exceed 2,500,000 outstanding at any one time, (ii) at the time of the making of such loan, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, and (iii) Borrowers have Availability of 40,000,000 or greater immediately after giving effect to each such loan. Permitted Investments means: (a) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents, 

44 173127432 (b) Investments in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business, (c) advances made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business, (d) Investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries effected in the ordinary course of business or owing to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an account debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (e) Investments owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date and set forth on Schedule P-1 to this Agreement, (f) guarantees permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, (g) Permitted Intercompany Advances, (h) Equity Interests or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness or claims due or owing to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business) or as security for any such Indebtedness or claims, (i) deposits of cash made in the ordinary course of business to secure performance of operating leases, (j) (i) non-cash loans and advances to employees, officers, and directors of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries for the purpose of purchasing Equity Interests in Administrative Borrower so long as the proceeds of such loans are used in their entirety to purchase such Equity Interests in Administrative Borrower, and (ii) loans and advances to employees and officers of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business for any other business purpose and in an aggregate amount not to exceed 250,000 at any one time, (k) [reserved], (l) Investments in the form of capital contributions and the acquisition of Equity Interests made by any Loan Party in any other Loan Party (other than capital contributions to or the acquisition of Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower), (m) Investments resulting from entering into (i) Bank Product Agreements, or (ii) agreements relative to obligations permitted under clause (j) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, (n) equity Investments by any Loan Party in any Subsidiary of such Loan Party which is required by law to maintain a minimum net capital requirement or as may be otherwise required by applicable law, (o) so long as no Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Special Foreign Subsidiary Investments; provided, however, if a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing but no Event of Default has occurred and its continuing or would result therefrom, Special Foreign Subsidiary Investments may be made in any month solely for the purpose of funding payroll and/or rent of Nautilus Swiss and/or Nautilus Fitness Equipments, as the case may be, in 

45 173127432 an aggregate amount not to exceed 850,000 in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices; provided further, from and after date an Event of Default has occurred and remains continuing or would result therefrom, no Special Foreign Subsidiary Investments may be made, (p) Permitted Policy Investments, and (q) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, any other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 during the term of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, no asset included in the determination of any Borrowing Base shall be the subject of any Investment to any non-Loan Party in compliance with this definition above unless before and after giving effect to any such Disposition, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the consummation of such Disposition, the Administrative Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent updated Borrowing Base Certificate excluding the assets subject to such Investment from the calculations thereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, other than Investments permitted pursuant to clause (e), no Loan Party shall, nor permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Investments in any Immaterial Subsidiary. Permitted Liens means: (a) Liens granted to, or for the benefit of, Agent to secure the Obligations, (b) Liens for unpaid taxes, assessments, or other governmental charges or levies that either (i) are not yet delinquent, or (ii) do not have priority over Agent s Liens and the underlying taxes, assessments, or charges or levies are the subject of Permitted Protests, (c) judgment Liens arising solely as a result of the existence of judgments, orders, or awards that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.3 of this Agreement, (d) Liens set forth on Schedule P-2 to this Agreement; provided, that to qualify as a Permitted Lien, any such Lien described on Schedule P-2 to this Agreement shall only secure the Indebtedness that it secures on the Closing Date and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, (e) the interests of lessors under operating leases and non-exclusive licensors under license agreements, (f) purchase money Liens on fixed assets or the interests of lessors under Capital Leases to the extent that such Liens or interests secure Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and so long as (i) such Lien attaches only to the fixed asset purchased or acquired and the proceeds thereof, and (ii) such Lien only secures the Indebtedness that was incurred to acquire the fixed asset purchased or acquired or any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, (g) Liens arising by operation of law in favor of warehousemen, landlords, carriers, mechanics, materialmen, laborers, or suppliers, incurred in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing of money, and which Liens either (i) are for sums not yet delinquent, or (ii) are the subject of Permitted Protests, (h) Liens on amounts deposited to secure any Borrower s and its Subsidiaries obligations in connection with worker s compensation or other unemployment insurance, 

46 173127432 (i) Liens on amounts deposited to secure any Borrower s and its Subsidiaries obligations in connection with the making or entering into of bids, tenders, or leases in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing of money, (j) Liens on amounts deposited to secure any Borrower s and its Subsidiaries reimbursement obligations with respect to surety or appeal bonds obtained in the ordinary course of business, (k) with respect to any Real Property, easements, rights of way, and zoning restrictions that do not materially interfere with or impair the use or operation thereof, (l) to the extent constituting a Lien, non-exclusive licenses of patents, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property to the extent permitted pursuant to clause (d) of the definition of Permitted Disposition , (m) Liens that are replacements of Permitted Liens to the extent that the original Indebtedness is the subject of permitted Refinancing Indebtedness and so long as the replacement Liens only encumber those assets that secured the original Indebtedness, (n) rights of setoff or bankers liens upon deposits of funds in favor of banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred in connection with the maintenance of such Deposit Accounts in the ordinary course of business, (o) Liens granted in the ordinary course of business on the unearned portion of insurance premiums securing the financing of insurance premiums to the extent the financing is permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, (p) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods, (q) [Reserved], (r) [Reserved], (s) Liens or rights of setoff against credit balances of Borrowers with Credit Card Issuers or Credit Card Processors or amounts owing by such Credit Card Issuers or Credit Card Processors to Borrowers in the ordinary course of business, but not Liens on or rights of setoff against any other property or assets of Borrowers, pursuant to the Credit Card Agreements to secure the obligations of Borrowers to the Credit Card Issuers or Credit Card Processors as a result of fees and chargebacks, (t) Liens arising out of Sale Leaseback permitted under clause (q) of the definition of Permitted Dispositions, (u) Liens in favor of Third-Party Term Loan Agent securing Third-Party Term Loan Obligations so long as such Liens are subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, and (v) other Liens which do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money or letters of credit and as to which the aggregate amount of the obligations secured thereby does not exceed 1,000,000. Permitted Policy Investments means Investments permitted in accordance with Administrative Borrower s investment policy delivered to Agent prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date and adopted 

47 173127432 by the Board of Directors of Administrative Borrower as in effect as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date or as otherwise updated from time to time in consultation with Agent and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Agent. Permitted Protest means the right of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to protest any Lien (other than any Lien that secures the Obligations), Taxes (other than payroll Taxes or Taxes that are the subject of a United States federal tax lien), or rental payment; provided, that (a) a reserve with respect to such obligation is established on such Loan Party s or its Subsidiaries books and records in such amount as is required under GAAP, (b) any such protest is instituted promptly and prosecuted diligently by such Loan Party or its Subsidiary, as applicable, in good faith, and (c) Agent is reasonably satisfied that, while any such protest is pending, there will be no impairment of the enforceability, validity (unless Agent has taken a Reserve (or has elected to not take a Reserve at a time that Borrowers have sufficient Availability therefor) for the amount of Tax or rental payment), or priority of any of Agent s Liens. Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, but including Capitalized Lease Obligations), incurred after the Closing Date and at the time of, or within 20 days after, the acquisition of any fixed assets for the purpose of financing all or any part of the acquisition cost thereof, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time not in excess of 2,500,000. Person means natural persons, corporations, limited liability companies, limited partnerships, general partnerships, limited liability partnerships, joint ventures, trusts, land trusts, business trusts, or other organizations, irrespective of whether they are legal entities, and governments and agencies and political subdivisions thereof. Platform has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(c) of this Agreement. Post-Increase Revolver Lenders has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.14 of this Agreement. Pre-Increase Revolver Lenders has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.14 of this Agreement. Projections means Borrowers forecasted (a) balance sheets, (b) profit and loss statements, and (c) cash flow statements, all prepared on a basis consistent with Borrowers historical financial statements, together with appropriate supporting details and a statement of underlying assumptions. Pro Rata Share means, as of any date of determination: (a) with respect to a Lender s obligation to make all or a portion of the Revolving Loans, with respect to such Lender s right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect to the Revolving Loans, and with respect to all other computations and other matters related to the Revolver Commitments or the Revolving Loans, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of such Lender, by (ii) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders, (b) with respect to a Lender s obligation to participate in the Letters of Credit, with respect to such Lender s obligation to reimburse Issuing Bank, and with respect to such Lender s right to receive payments of Letter of Credit Fees, and with respect to all other computations and other matters related to the Letters of Credit, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of such Lender, by (ii) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders; provided, that if all of the Revolving Loans have been repaid in full and all Revolver Commitments have been terminated, but Letters 

48 173127432 of Credit remain outstanding, Pro Rata Share under this clause shall be the percentage obtained by dividing (A) the Letter of Credit Exposure of such Lender, by (B) the Letter of Credit Exposure of all Lenders, (c) [Reserved], and (d) with respect to all other matters and for all other matters as to a particular Lender (including the indemnification obligations arising under Section 15.7 of this Agreement), the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of such Lender, by (ii) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders, in any such case as the applicable percentage may be adjusted by assignments permitted pursuant to Section 13.1; provided, that if all of the Loans have been repaid in full and all Commitments have been terminated, Pro Rata Share under this clause shall be the percentage obtained by dividing (A) the Letter of Credit Exposure of such Lender, by (B) the Letter of Credit Exposure of all Lenders. Protective Advances has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(d)(i) of this Agreement. Public Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(c) of this Agreement. QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.15 of this Agreement. Qualified Cash means, as of any date of determination, the amount of unrestricted cash, Cash Equivalents, and Permitted Policy Investments of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries that is in Deposit Accounts or in Securities Accounts, or any combination thereof, and which such Deposit Account or Securities Account is the subject of a Control Agreement and is maintained by a branch office of the bank or securities intermediary located within the United States. Qualified Cash Amount means, as of any date of determination, the lesser of (a) the amount of Qualified Cash, if any, in excess of 20,000,000, and (b) 15,000,000; provided, that if, as of any date of determination, the amount of Qualified Cash does not exceed 20,000,000, then the Qualified Cash Amount as of such date determination shall be 0. Qualified Equity Interests means and refers to any Equity Interests issued by Administrative Borrower (and not by one or more of its Subsidiaries) that is not a Disqualified Equity Interest. Real Property means any estates or interests in real property now owned or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries and the improvements thereto. Real Property Collateral means any Real Property hereafter acquired by any Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries with a fair market value in excess of 500,000.00. Receivable Reserves means, as of any date of determination, those reserves that Agent deems necessary or appropriate, in its Permitted Discretion and subject to Section 2.1(c), to establish and maintain with respect to the Eligible Accounts, the Eligible Credit Card Receivables, or the Maximum Revolver Amount. Record means information that is inscribed on a tangible medium or that is stored in an electronic or other medium and is retrievable in perceivable form. 

49 173127432 Reference Period has the meaning set forth in the definition of EBITDA. Refinancing Indebtedness means refinancings, renewals, or extensions of Indebtedness so long as: (a) such refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in an increase in the principal amount of the Indebtedness so refinanced, renewed, or extended, other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and by the amount of unfunded commitments with respect thereto, (b) such refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in a shortening of the final stated maturity or the average weighted maturity (measured as of the refinancing, renewal, or extension) of the Indebtedness so refinanced, renewed, or extended, nor are they on terms or conditions that, taken as a whole, are or could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders, (c) if the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended was subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, then the terms and conditions of the refinancing, renewal, or extension must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to the Lender Group as those that were applicable to the refinanced, renewed, or extended Indebtedness, (d) the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended is not recourse to any Person that is liable on account of the Obligations other than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness that was refinanced, renewed, or extended, (e) if the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed or extended was unsecured, such refinancing, renewal or extension shall be unsecured, and (f) if the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended was secured (i) such refinancing, renewal, or extension shall be secured by substantially the same or less collateral as secured such refinanced, renewed or extended Indebtedness on terms no less favorable to Agent or the Lender Group and (ii) the Liens securing such refinancing, renewal or extension shall not have a priority more senior than the Liens securing such Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed or extended. Register has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(h) of this Agreement. Registered Loan has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(h) of this Agreement. Related Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course and that is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender. Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. Remedial Action means all actions taken to (a) clean up, remove, remediate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate, or in any way address Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment, (b) prevent or minimize a release or threatened release of Hazardous Materials so they do not migrate or endanger or threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment, (c) restore or reclaim natural resources or the environment, (d) perform any pre-remedial studies, investigations, or 

50 173127432 post-remedial operation and maintenance activities, or (e) conduct any other actions with respect to Hazardous Materials required by Environmental Laws. Replacement Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.13(b) of this Agreement. Report has the meaning specified therefor in Section 15.16 of this Agreement. Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having or holding more than 50 of the sum of the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders; provided, that (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the Required Lenders, and (ii) at any time there are two or more Lenders (who are not Affiliates of one another or Defaulting Lenders), Required Lenders must include at least two Lenders (who are not Affiliates of one another). Reserves means, as of any date of determination, Inventory Reserves, Receivable Reserves, Bank Product Reserves, and those other reserves that Agent deems necessary or appropriate, in its Permitted Discretion and subject to Section 2.1(c), to establish and maintain (including reserves with respect to (a) sums that any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries are required to pay under any Section of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (such as taxes, assessments, insurance premiums, or, in the case of leased assets, rents or other amounts payable under such leases including, without limitation, ad valorem, real estate, personal property, sales, claims of the PBGC and other Taxes which may have priority over the interests of the Agent in the ABL Priority Collateral) and has failed to pay, and (b) amounts owing by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries to any Person to the extent secured by a Lien on, or trust over, any of the Collateral (other than a Permitted Lien), which Lien or trust, in the Permitted Discretion of Agent likely would have a priority superior to the Agent s Liens (such as Liens or trusts in favor of landlords, warehousemen, carriers, mechanics, materialmen, laborers, or suppliers, or Liens or trusts for ad valorem, excise, sales, or other taxes where given priority under applicable law) in and to such item of the Collateral) with respect to the Borrowing Base or the Maximum Revolver Amount. Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Restricted Payment means (a) any declaration or payment of any dividend or the making of any other payment or distribution, directly or indirectly, on account of Equity Interests issued by Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (including any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving Administrative Borrower) or to the direct or indirect holders of Equity Interests issued by Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in their capacity as such (other than dividends or distributions payable in Qualified Equity Interests issued by Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries), or (b) any purchase, redemption, making of any sinking fund or similar payment, or other acquisition or retirement for value (including in connection with any merger or consolidation involving Administrative Borrower) any Equity Interests issued by Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (c) any making of any payment to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options, or other rights to acquire Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower now or hereafter outstanding. Revolver Commitment means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, its Revolver Commitment, and, with respect to all Revolving Lenders, their Revolver Commitments, in each case as such Dollar amounts are set forth beside such Revolving Lender s name under the applicable heading on Schedule C-1 to this Agreement or in the Assignment and Acceptance or Increase Joinder pursuant to which such Revolving Lender became a Revolving Lender under this Agreement, as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments made in accordance with the provisions of 

51 173127432 Section 13.1 of this Agreement, and as such amounts may be decreased by the amount of reductions in the Revolver Commitments made in accordance with Section 2.4(c) hereof. Revolver Usage means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the amount of outstanding Revolving Loans (inclusive of Swing Loans and Protective Advances), plus (b) the amount of the Letter of Credit Usage. Revolving Lender means a Lender that has a Revolving Loan Exposure or Letter of Credit Exposure. Revolving Loan Base Rate Margin has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin. Revolving Loan Exposure means, with respect to any Revolving Lender, as of any date of determination (a) prior to the termination of the Revolver Commitments, the amount of such Lender s Revolver Commitment, and (b) after the termination of the Revolver Commitments, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans of such Lender. Revolving Loan SOFR Margin has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin. Revolving Loans has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.1(a) of this Agreement. Sale Leaseback means any transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which Administrative Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (a) disposes of any property, real or personal (other than Accounts, Credit Card Receivables, Inventory, or IP), used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and (b) as part of such transaction or such series of related transactions, thereafter rents or leases such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property so disposed of. Sanctioned Entity means (a) a country or territory or a government of a country or territory, (b) an agency of the government of a country or territory, (c) an organization directly or indirectly controlled by a country or territory or its government, or (d) a Person resident in or determined to be resident in a country or territory, in each case of clauses (a) through (d) that is a target of Sanctions, including a target of any country sanctions program administered and enforced by OFAC. Sanctioned Person means, at any time (a) any Person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC, OFAC s consolidated Non-SDN list or any other Sanctions-related list maintained by any Governmental Authority, (b) a Person or legal entity that is a target of Sanctions, (c) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Entity, or (d) any Person directly or indirectly owned or controlled (individually or in the aggregate) by or acting on behalf of any such Person or Persons described in clauses (a) through (c) above. Sanctions means individually and collectively, respectively, any and all economic sanctions, trade sanctions, financial sanctions, sectoral sanctions, secondary sanctions, trade embargoes anti-terrorism laws and other sanctions laws, regulations or embargoes, including those imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by: (a) the United States of America, including those administered by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, or through any existing or future executive order, (b) the United Nations Security Council, (c) the European Union or any European Union member state, (d) Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or (e) any other Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over any member of Lender Group or any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 

52 173127432 S P has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Cash Equivalents. SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and any successor thereto. Securities Account means a securities account (as that term is defined in the Code). Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. Settlement has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(e)(i) of this Agreement. Settlement Date has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(e)(i) of this Agreement. SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Deadline has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.12(b)(i) of this Agreement. SOFR Loan means each portion of a Revolving Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to Term SOFR (other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate ). SOFR Margin means the Revolving Loan SOFR Margin. SOFR Notice means a written notice in the form of Exhibit S-1 to this Agreement. SOFR Option has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.12(a) of this Agreement. Solvent means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination, that (a) at fair valuations, the sum of such Person s debts (including contingent liabilities) is less than all of such Person s assets, (b) such Person is not engaged or about to engage in a business or transaction for which the remaining assets of such Person are unreasonably small in relation to the business or transaction or for which the property remaining with such Person is an unreasonably small capital, (c) such Person has not incurred and does not intend to incur, or reasonably believe that it will incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise), and (d) such Person is solvent or not insolvent , as applicable within the meaning given those terms and similar terms under applicable laws relating to fraudulent transfers and conveyances. For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5). Special Foreign Subsidiary Investments means any payments, advances, or other Investments made by any Loan Party to Nautilus Swiss and/or Nautilus Fitness Equipments in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices, whether pursuant to intercompany service agreements or otherwise, which permit Nautilus Swiss and/or Nautilus Fitness Equipments to fund (i) payroll, rent, and/or miscellaneous nominal travel and office expenses of Nautilus Swiss or Nautilus Fitness Equipments, as the case may be, in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices and/or (ii) fees as may be 

53 173127432 required to maintain the existence or effect the dissolution or liquidation of Nautilus Swiss and/or Nautilus Fitness Equipments or as otherwise required by applicable law. Specified Prepayment means any voluntary prepayment of the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations (or any declaration of any such prepayment). Specified Transactions has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 5. Springing Trigger Event means if at any time Availability is less than the greater of (i) 12.5 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve), and (ii) the Applicable Availability Amount. Standard Letter of Credit Practice means, for Issuing Bank, any domestic or foreign law or letter of credit practices applicable in the city in which Issuing Bank issued the applicable Letter of Credit or, for its branch or correspondent, such laws and practices applicable in the city in which it has advised, confirmed or negotiated such Letter of Credit, as the case may be, in each case, (a) which letter of credit practices are of banks that regularly issue letters of credit in the particular city, and (b) which laws or letter of credit practices are required or permitted under ISP or UCP, as chosen in the applicable Letter of Credit. Subject Holder has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.4(e)(v) of this Agreement. Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity in which that Person directly or indirectly owns or controls the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity. Supermajority Lenders means, at any time, Revolving Lenders having or holding more than 66-2/3 of the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Revolving Lenders; provided, that (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the Supermajority Lenders, and (ii) at any time there are two or more Revolving Lenders (who are not Affiliates of one another), Supermajority Lenders must include at least two Revolving Lenders (who are not Affiliates of one another or Defaulting Lenders). Supported QFC has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.15 of this Agreement. Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Swing Lender means Wells Fargo or any other Lender that, at the request of Borrowers and with the consent of Agent agrees, in such Lender s sole discretion, to become the Swing Lender under Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement. Swing Loan has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement. Swing Loan Exposure means, as of any date of determination with respect to any Lender, such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Swing Loans on such date. Tax Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 14.2(a) of this Agreement. 

54 173127432 Taxes means any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other charges of whatever nature now or hereafter imposed by any jurisdiction or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, and all interest, penalties or similar liabilities with respect thereto. Term Pushdown Reserve means the Term Pushdown Reserve as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement; provided that changes in the amount of such Term Pushdown Reserve shall be subject to Section 3.10 {Term Pushdown Reserve} of the Intercreditor Agreement. Term SOFR means, (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day; provided, further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause (a) or clause (b) above) shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Third-Party Term Loan Agent means (a) Crystal Financial, LLC d/b/a SLR Credit Solutions, in its capacity as the Agent under and as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement, (b) any successor to Crystal Financial, LLC d/b/a SLR Credit Solutions, by assignment or otherwise, and (c) any other party that may become agent or trustee under the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement in connection with a refinancing, renewal or replacement thereof in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 

55 173127432 Third-Party Term Loan Aggregate Borrowing Base means the Aggregate Borrowing Base as that term is defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement. Third-Party Term Loan means the Term Loan as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement. Third-Party Term Loan Agreement means that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement dated on or about the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date by and among Nautilus, certain other Subsidiaries of Nautilus, the Third-Party Term Loan Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Third-Party Term Loan Agent, as in effect on the date hereof or as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, and any replacement credit agreement entered into pursuant to any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, in each case in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. Third-Party Term Loan Borrowing Bases means the Borrowing Bases as defined in the Third- Party Term Loan Agreement. Third-Party Term Loan Borrowing Base Certificate means the Term Loan Borrowing Base Certificate as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement. Third-Party Term Loan Documents means the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement and all other agreements and instruments executed in connection therewith, in each case as in effect on the date hereof or as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. Third-Party Term Loan Lenders means the Lenders, (or any analogous term) as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement. Third-Party Term Loan Line Cap means the Line Cap as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement. Third-Party Term Loan Obligations means the Obligations as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement. Third-Party Term Loan Priority Collateral means the Term Loan Priority Collateral as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement. Trademark Security Agreement has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. TTM EBITDA means, as of any date of determination, EBITDA of Borrowers determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, for the 12 month period most recently ended. UCP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits 2007 Revision, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 and any version or revision thereof accepted by Issuing Bank for use. UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

56 173127432 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unfinanced Capital Expenditures means Capital Expenditures (a) not financed with the proceeds of any incurrence of Indebtedness (other than the incurrence of any Revolving Loans or the Third-Party Term Loan), the proceeds of any sale or issuance of Equity Interests or equity contributions, the proceeds of any asset sale (other than the sale of Inventory in the ordinary course of business) or any insurance proceeds, and (b) that are not reimbursed by a third person (excluding any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates) in the period such expenditures are made pursuant to a written agreement. United States means the United States of America. Unused Line Fee has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.10(b) of this Agreement. US Octane Fitness means US Octane Fitness Limited, a company organized under the laws of Hong Kong and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Nautilus. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities; provided, that for purposes of notice requirements in Sections 2.3(a), 2.3(c) and 2.12(b), in each case, such day is also a Business Day. U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.15 of this Agreement. Vi Purchase Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 5. Vi Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 5. Voidable Transfer has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.8 of this Agreement. Wells Fargo means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national banking association. Withdrawal Liability means liability with respect to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part 1 of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail- In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

57 173127432 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any reference to a defined term as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement or any other Third-Party Term Loan Document shall refer to the definition of such term as in effect on Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (including with respect to any component definitions (or any sub-component definitions)), except with respect to any amendment or modification thereto (or to any component definitions (or any sub-component definitions)) that is permitted by this Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement or is otherwise consented to by the Agent. 1.2 Accounting Terms. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP; provided, that if Administrative Borrower notifies Agent that Borrowers request an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any Accounting Change occurring after the Closing Date or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if Agent notifies Administrative Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such Accounting Change or in the application thereof, then Agent and Borrowers agree that they will negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that are directly affected by such Accounting Change with the intent of having the respective positions of the Lenders and Borrowers after such Accounting Change conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions immediately before such Accounting Change took effect and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon and agreed to by the Required Lenders, the provisions in this Agreement shall be calculated as if no such Accounting Change had occurred. When used herein, the term financial statements shall include the notes and schedules thereto. Whenever the term Borrowers is used in respect of a financial covenant or a related definition, it shall be understood to mean the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (a) all financial statements delivered hereunder shall be prepared, and all financial covenants contained herein shall be calculated, without giving effect to any election under the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 825 (or any similar accounting principle) permitting a Person to value its financial liabilities or Indebtedness at the fair value thereof, (b) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, and (c) the term unqualified opinion as used herein to refer to opinions or reports provided by accountants shall mean an opinion or report that is (i) unqualified, and (ii) does not include any explanation, supplemental comment, or other comment concerning the ability of the applicable Person to continue as a going concern or concerning the scope of the audit. 1.3 Code. Any terms used in this Agreement that are defined in the Code shall be construed and defined as set forth in the Code unless otherwise defined herein; provided, that to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein and such term is defined differently in different Articles of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article 9 of the Code shall govern. 1.4 Construction. Unless the context of this Agreement or any other Loan Document clearly requires otherwise, references to the plural include the singular, references to the singular include the plural, the terms includes and including are not limiting, and the term or has, except where otherwise indicated, the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase and/or. The words hereof, herein, hereby, hereunder, and similar terms in this Agreement or any other Loan Document refer to this Agreement or such other Loan Document, as the case may be, as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement or such other Loan Document, as the case may be. 

58 173127432 Section, subsection, clause, schedule, and exhibit references herein are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Any reference in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document to any agreement, instrument, or document shall include all alterations, amendments, changes, extensions, modifications, renewals, replacements, substitutions, joinders, and supplements, thereto and thereof, as applicable (subject to any restrictions on such alterations, amendments, changes, extensions , modifications, renewals, replacements, substitutions, joinders, and supplements set forth herein). The words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties. Any reference herein or in any other Loan Document to the satisfaction, repayment, or payment in full of the Obligations shall mean (a) the payment or repayment in full in immediately available funds of (i) the principal amount of, and interest accrued and unpaid with respect to, all outstanding Loans, together with the payment of any premium applicable to the repayment of the Loans, (ii) all Lender Group Expenses that have accrued and are unpaid regardless of whether demand has been made therefor, and (iii) all fees or charges that have accrued hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including the Letter of Credit Fee and the Unused Line Fee) and are unpaid, (b) in the case of contingent reimbursement obligations with respect to Letters of Credit, providing Letter of Credit Collateralization, (c) in the case of obligations with respect to Bank Products (other than Hedge Obligations), providing Bank Product Collateralization, (d) the receipt by Agent of cash collateral in order to secure any other contingent Obligations for which a claim or demand for payment has been made on or prior to such time or in respect of matters or circumstances known to Agent or a Lender at such time that are reasonably expected to result in any loss, cost, damage, or expense (including attorneys fees and legal expenses), such cash collateral to be in such amount as Agent reasonably determines is appropriate to secure such contingent Obligations, (e) the payment or repayment in full in immediately available funds of all other outstanding Obligations (including the payment of any termination amount then applicable (or which would or could become applicable as a result of the repayment of the other Obligations) under Hedge Agreements provided by Hedge Providers) other than (i) unasserted contingent indemnification Obligations, (ii) any Bank Product Obligations (other than Hedge Obligations) that, at such time, are allowed by the applicable Bank Product Provider to remain outstanding without being required to be repaid or cash collateralized, and (iii) any Hedge Obligations that, at such time, are allowed by the applicable Hedge Provider to remain outstanding without being required to be repaid, and (f) the termination of all of the Commitments of the Lenders. Any reference he rein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns. Any requirement of a writing contained herein or in any other Loan Document shall be satisfied by the transmission of a Record. 1.5 Time References. Unless the context of this Agreement or any other Loan Document clearly requires otherwise, all references to time of day refer to Central standard time or Central daylight saving time, as in effect in Chicago, Illinois, on such day. For purposes of the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, unless otherwise expressly provided, the word from means from and including and the words to and until each means to and including provided, that with respect to a computation of fees or interest payable to Agent or any Lender, such period shall in any event consist of at least one full day. 1.6 Schedules and Exhibits. All of the schedules and exhibits attached to this Agreement shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference. 1.7 Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, 

59 173127432 such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 1.8 Rates. Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or with respect to any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any then-current Benchmark or any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii), will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto and such transactions may be adverse to a Borrower. Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or any other Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 2. LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT. 2.1 Revolving Loans. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and during the term of this Agreement, each Revolving Lender agrees (severally, not jointly or jointly and severally) to make revolving loans Revolving Loans to Borrowers in an amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the lesser of: (i) such Lender s Revolver Commitment, or (ii) such Lender s Pro Rata Share of an amount equal to the lesser of: (A) the amount equal to (1) the Maximum Revolver Amount, less (2) the sum of (y) the Letter of Credit Usage at such time, plus (z) the principal amount of Swing Loans outstanding at such time, and (B) the amount equal to (1) the Borrowing Base as of such date (based upon the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by Borrowers to Agent, as adjusted for Reserves established by Agent in accordance with Section 2.1(c)), less (2) the sum of (x) the Letter of Credit Usage at such time, plus (y) the principal amount of Swing Loans outstanding at such time. (b) Amounts borrowed pursuant to this Section 2.1 may be repaid and, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, reborrowed at any time during the term of this Agreement. 

60 173127432 The outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans, together with interest accrued and unpa id thereon, shall constitute Obligations and shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which they otherwise become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. (c) Anything to the contrary in this Section 2.1 notwithstanding, Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) at any time, in the exercise of its Permitted Discretion, to establish and increase or decrease Reserves and against the Borrowing Base or the Maximum Revolver Amount; provided, that Agent shall notify Borrowers at the time any such Reserve in a material amount is to be established or increased, but a non-willful failure of Agent to so notify Borrowers shall not be a breach of this Agreement and shall not cause such establishment or increase of any such Reserve to be ineffective. The amount of any Reserve established by Agent, and any changes to the eligibility criteria set forth in the definitions of Eligible Accounts, Eligible Credit Card Receivables, Eligible Inventory, Eligible Finished Goods Inventory, Eligible Spare Parts Inventory and Eligible In-Transit Inventory, shall have a reasonable relationship to the event, condition, other circumstance, or fact that is the basis for such reserve or change in eligibility and shall not be duplicative of any other reserve established and currently maintained or eligibility criteria. Upon notice of or establishment or increase in Reserves, Agent agrees to make itself available to discuss the Reserve or increase, and Borrowers may take such action as may be required so that the event, condition, circumstance, or fact that is the basis for such Reserve or increase no longer exists, in a manner and to the extent reasonably satisfactory to Agent in the exercise of its Permitted Discretion. In no event shall such notice and opportunity limit the right of Agent to establish or change such Reserve, unless Agent shall have determined, in its Permitted Discretion, that the event, condition, other circumstance, or fact that was the basis for such Reserve or such change no longer exists or has otherwise been adequately addressed by Borrowers. 2.2 [Reserved] 2.3 Borrowing Procedures and Settlements. (a) Procedure for Borrowing Revolving Loans. Each Borrowing shall be made by a written request by an Authorized Person delivered to Agent (which may be delivered through Agent s electronic platform or portal) and received by Agent no later than 1:00 p.m. i) on the Business Day that is the requested Funding Date in the case of a request for a Swing Loan, ii) on the Business Day that is one Business Day prior to the requested Funding Date in the case of a request for a Base Rate Loan, and (iii) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day that is three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested Funding Date in the case of a request for a SOFR Loan, specifying (A) the amount of such Borrowing, and (B) the requested Funding Date (which shall be a Business Day); provided, that Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to accept as timely requests that are received later than 1:00 p.m. on the applicable Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as applicable. All Borrowing requests which are not made on - line via Agent s electronic platform or portal shall be subject to (and unless Agent elects otherwise in the exercise of its sole discretion, such Borrowings shall not be made until the completion of) Agent s authentication process (with results satisfactory to Agent) prior to the funding of any such requested Revolving Loan. (b) Making of Swing Loans. In the case of a Revolving Loan and so long as any of (i) the aggregate amount of Swing Loans made since the last Settlement Date, minus all payments or other amounts applied to Swing Loans since the last Settlement Date, plus the amount of the requested Swing Loan does not exceed the greater of 10 of the Maximum Revolver Amount and 10,000,000, or (ii) Swing Lender, in its sole discretion, agrees to make a Swing Loan notwithstanding the foregoing limitation, Swing Lender shall make a Revolving Loan (any such 

61 173127432 Revolving Loan made by Swing Lender pursuant to this Section 2.3(b) being referred to as a Swing Loan and all such Revolving Loans being referred to as Swing Loans available to Borrowers on the Funding Date applicable thereto by transferring immediately available funds in the amount of such Borrowing to the Designated Account. Each Swing Loan shall be deemed to be a Revolving Loan hereunder and shall be subject to all the terms and conditions (including Section 3) applicable to other Revolving Loans, except that all payments (including interest) on any Swing Loan shall be payable to Swing Lender solely for its own account. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.3(d)(ii), Swing Lender shall not make and shall not be obligated to make any Swing Loan if Swing Lender has actual knowledge that (i) one or more of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 will not be satisfied on the requested Funding Date for the applicable Borrowing, or (ii) the requested Borrowing would exceed the Availability on such Funding Date. Swing Lender shall not otherwise be required to determine whether the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 have been satisfied on the Funding Date applicable thereto prior to making any Swing Loan. The Swing Loans shall be secured by Agent s Liens, constitute Revolving Loans and Obligations, and bear interest at the rate applicable from time to time to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans. (c) Making of Revolving Loans. (i) In the event that Swing Lender is not obligated to make a Swing Loan, then after receipt of a request for a Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.3(a)(i), Agent shall notify the Lenders by telecopy, telephone, email, or other electronic form of transmission, of the requested Borrowing; such notification to be sent on the Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as applicable, that is (A) in the case of a Base Rate Loan, at least one Business Day prior to the requested Funding Date, or (B) in the case of a SOFR Loan, prior to 1:00 p.m. at least three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested Funding Date. If Agent has notified the Lenders of a requested Borrowing on the Business Day that is one Business Day prior to the Funding Date, then each Lender shall make the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the requested Borrowing available to Agent in immediately available funds, to Agent s Account, not later than noon on the Business Day that is the requested Funding Date. After Agent s receipt of the proceeds of such Revolving Loans from the Lenders, Agent shall make the proceeds thereof available to Borrowers on the applicable Funding Date by transferring immediately available funds equal to such proceeds received by Agent to the Designated Account; provided, that subject to the provisions of Section 2.3(d)(ii), no Lender shall have an obligation to make any Revolving Loan, if (1) one or more of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 will not be satisfied on the requested Funding Date for the applicable Borrowing unless such condition has been waived, or (2) the requested Borrowing would exceed the Availability on such Funding Date. (ii) Unless Agent receives notice from a Lender prior to 11:30 a.m. on the Business Day that is the requested Funding Date relative to a requested Borrowing as to which Agent has notified the Lenders of a requested Borrowing that such Lender will not make avail able as and when required hereunder to Agent for the account of Borrowers the amount of that Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Borrowing, Agent may assume that each Lender has made or will make such amount available to Agent in immediately available funds on the Funding Date and Agent may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrowers a corresponding amount. If, on the requested Funding Date, any Lender shall not have remitted the full amount that it is required to make available to Agent in immediately available funds and if Agent has made available to Borrowers such amount on the requested Funding Date, then such Lender shall make the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the requested Borrowing available to Agent in immediately available funds, to Agent s Account, no later than noon on the Business Day that is the first Business Day after the requested Funding Date (in which case, the interest accrued on such Lender s portion of such Borrowing for the Funding Date shall be for Agent s separate account). If any Lender shall 

62 173127432 not remit the full amount that it is required to make available to Agent in immediately available funds as and when required hereby and if Agent has made available to Borrowers such amount, then that Lender shall be obligated to immediately remit such amount to Agent, together with interest at the Defaulting Lender Rate for each day until the date on which such amount is so remitted. A notice submitted by Agent to any Lender with respect to amounts owing under this Section 2.3(c)(ii) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. If the amount that a Lender is required to remit is made available to Agent, then such payment to Agent shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Loan for all purposes of this Agreement. If such amount is not made available to Agent on the Business Day following the Funding Date, Agent will notify Administrative Borrower of such failure to fund and, upon demand by Agent, Borrowers shall pay such amount to Agent for Agent s account, together with interest thereon for each day elapsed since the date of such Borrowing, at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate applicable at the time to the Revolving Loans composing such Borrowing. (d) Protective Advances and Optional Overadvances. (i) Any contrary provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document notwithstanding (but subject to Section 2.3(d)(iv)), at any time (A) after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, or (B) that any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 are not satisfied, Agent hereby is authorized by Borrowers and the Lenders, from time to time, in Agent s sole discretion, to make Revolving Loans to, or for the benefit of, Borrowers, on behalf of the Revolving Lenders, that Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, deems necessary or desirable (1) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, or (2) to enhance the likelihood of repayment of the Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations) (the Revolving Loans described in this Section 2.3(d)(i) shall be referred to as Protective Advances ). (ii) Any contrary provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document notwithstanding, the Lenders hereby authorize Agent or Swing Lender, as applicable, and either Agent or Swing Lender, as applicable, may, but is not obligated to, knowingly and intentional ly, continue to make Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans) to Borrowers notwithstanding that an Overadvance exists or would be created thereby, so long as (A) after giving effect to such Revolving Loans, the outstanding Revolver Usage does not exceed the Borrowing Base by more than 10 of the Borrowing Base, and (B) subject to Section 2.3(d)(iv) below, after giving effect to such Revolving Loans, the outstanding Revolver Usage (except for and excluding amounts charged to the Loan Account for interest, fees, or Lender Group Expenses) does not exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount. In the event Agent obtains actual knowledge that the Revolver Usage exceeds the amounts permitted by this Section 2.3(d), regardless of the amount of, or reason for, such excess, Agent shall notify the Lenders as soon as practicable (and prior to making any (or any additional) intentional Overadvances (except for and excluding amounts charged to the Loan Account for interest, fees, or Lender Group Expenses) unless Agent determines that prior notice would result in imminent harm to the Collateral or its value, in which case Agent may make such Overadvances and provide notice as promptly as practicable thereafter), and the Lenders with Revolver Commitments thereupon shall, together with Agent, jointly determine the terms of arrangements that shall be implemented with Borrowers intended to reduce, within a reasonable time, the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans to Borrowers to an amount permitted by the preceding sentence. In such circumstances, if any Lender with a Revolver Commitment objects to the proposed terms of reduction or repayment of any Overadvance, the terms of reduction or repayment thereof shall be implemented according to the determination of the Required Lenders. (iii) Each Protective Advance and each Overadvance (each, an Extraordinary Advance shall be deemed to be a Revolving Loan hereunder, except that no Extraordinary Advance shall be eligible to be a SOFR Loan. Prior to Settlement of any Extraordinary 

63 173127432 Advance, all payments with respect thereto, including interest thereon, shall be payable to Agent solely for its own account. Each Revolving Lender shall be obligated to settle with Agent as provided in Section 2.3(e) (or Section 2.3(g), as applicable) for the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Extraordinary Advance. The Extraordinary Advances shall be repayable on demand, secured by Agent s Liens, constitute Obligations hereunder, and bear interest at the rate applicable from time to time to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans. The provisions of this Section 2.3(d) are for the exclusive benefit of Agent, Swing Lender, and the Lenders and are not intended to benefit Borrowers (or any other Loan Party) in any way. (iv) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, no Extraordinary Advance may be made by Agent if such Extraordinary Advance would cause the aggregate Revolver Usage to exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount or any Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolver Usage to exceed such Lender s Revolver Commitments; provided that Agent may make Extraordinary Advances in excess of the foregoing limitations so long as such Extraordinary Advances that cause the aggregate Revolver Usage to exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount or a Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolver Usage to exceed such Lender s Revolver Commitments are for Agent s sole and separate account and not for the account of any Lender. No Lender shall have an obligation to settle with Agent for such Extraordinary Advances that cause the aggregate Revolver Usage to exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount or a Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolver Usage to exceed such Lender s Revolver Commitments as provided in Section 2.3(e) (or Section 2.3(g), as applicable). (e) Settlement. It is agreed that each Lender s funded portion of the Revolving Loans is intended by the Lenders to equal, at all times, such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Revolving Loans. Such agreement notwithstanding, Agent, Swing Lender, and the other Lenders agree (which agreement shall not be for the benefit of Borrowers) that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, settlement among the Lenders as to the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) shall take place on a periodic basis in accordance with the following provisions: (i) Agent shall request settlement Settlement with the Lenders on a weekly basis, or on a more frequent basis if so determined by Agent in its sole discretion (1) on behalf of Swing Lender, with respect to the outstanding Swing Loans, (2) for itself, with respect to the outstanding Extraordinary Advances, and (3) with respect to any Loan Party s or any of their Subsidiaries payments or other amounts received, as to each by notifying the Lenders by telecopy, telephone, or other similar form of transmission, of such requested Settlement, no later than 4:00 p.m. on the Business Day immediately prior to the date of such requested Settlement (the date of such requested Settlement being the Settlement Date ). Such notice of a Settlement Date shall include a summary statement of the amount of outstanding Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) for the period since the prior Settlement Date. Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein (including Section 2.3(g)): (y) if the amount of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) made by a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender exceeds such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) as of a Settlement Date, then Agent shall, by no later than 2:00 p.m. on the Settlement Date, transfer in immediately available funds to a Deposit Account of such Lender (as such Lender may designate), an amount such that each such Lender shall, upon receipt of such amount, have as of the Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances), and (z) if the amount of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) made by a Lender is less than such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) as of a Settlement Date, such Lender shall no later than 2:00 p.m. on the Settlement Date transfer in immediately available funds to 

64 173127432 Agent s Account, an amount such that each such Lender shall, upon transfer of such amount, have as of the Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances). Such amounts made available to Agent under clause (z) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be applied against the amounts of the applicable Swing Loans or Extraordinary Advances and, together with the portion of such Swing Loans or Extraordinary Advances representing Swing Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof, shall constitute Revolving Loans of such Lenders. If any such amount is not made available to Agent by any Lender on the Settlement Date applicable thereto to the extent required by the terms hereof, Agent shall be entitled to recover for its account such amount on demand from such Lender together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate. (ii) In determining whether a Lender s balance of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) is less than, equal to, or greater than such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) as of a Settlement Date, Agent shall, as part of the relevant Settlement, apply to such balance the portion of payments actually received in good funds by Agent with respect to principal, interest, fees payable by Borrowers and allocable to the Lenders hereunder, and proceeds of Collateral. (iii) Between Settlement Dates, Agent, to the extent Extraordinary Advances or Swing Loans are outstanding, may pay over to Agent or Swing Lender, as applicable, any payments or other amounts received by Agent, that in accordance with the terms of this Agreement would be applied to the reduction of the Revolving Loans, for application to the Extraordinary Advances or Swing Loans. Between Settlement Dates, Agent, to the extent no Extraordinary Advances or Swing Loans are outstanding, may pay over to Swing Lender any payments or other amounts received by Agent, that in accordance with the terms of this Agreement would be applied to the reduction of the Revolving Loans, for application to Swing Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans. If, as of any Settlement Date, payments or other amounts of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries received since the then immediately preceding Settlement Date have been applied to Swing Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans other than to Swing Loans, as provided for in the previous sentence, Swing Lender shall pay to Agent for the accounts of the Lenders, and Agent shall pay to the Lenders (other than a Defaulting Lender if Agent has implemented the provisions of Section 2.3(g)), to be applied to the outstanding Revolving Loans of such Lenders, an amount such that each such Lender shall, upon receipt of such amount, have, as of such Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans. During the period between Settlement Dates, Swing Lender with respect to Swing Loans, Agent with respect to Extraordinary Advances, and each Lender with respect to the Revolving Loans other than Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances, shall be entitled to interest at the applicable rate or rates payable under this Agreement on the daily amount of funds employed by Swing Lender, Agent, or the Lenders, as applicable. (iv) Anything in this Section 2.3(e) to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, Agent shall be entitled to refrain from remitting settlement amounts to the Defaulting Lender and, instead, shall be entitled to elect to implement the provisions set forth in Section 2.3(g). (f) Notation. Consistent with Section 13.1(h), Agent, as a non-fiduciary agent for Borrowers, shall maintain a register showing the principal amount and stated interest of the Revolving Loans owing to each Lender, including the Swing Loans owing to Swing Lender, and Extraordinary Advances owing to Agent, and the interests therein of each Lender, from time to time and such register shall, absent manifest error, conclusively be presumed to be correct and accurate. 

65 173127432 (g) Defaulting Lenders. (i) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.4(b)(iii), Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to a Defaulting Lender any payments made by Borrowers to Agent for the Defaulting Lender s benefit or any proceeds of Collateral that would otherwise be remitted hereunder to the Defaulting Lender, and, in the absence of such transfer to the Defaulting Lender, Agent shall transfer any such payments (A) first, to Agent to the extent of any Extraordinary Advances that were made by Agent and that were required to be, but were not, paid by Defaulting Lender, (B) second, to Swing Lender to the extent of any Swing Loans that were made by Swing Lender and that were required to be, but were not, paid by the Defaulting Lender, (C) third, to Issuing Bank, to the extent of the portion of a Letter of Credit Disbursement that was required to be, but was not, paid by the Defaulting Lender, (D) fourth, to each Non-Defaulting Lender ratably in accordance with their Commitments (but, in each case, only to the extent that such Defaulting Lender s portion of a Revolving Loan (or other funding obligation) was funded by such other Non-Defaulting Lender), (E) fifth, in Agent s sole discretion, to a suspense account maintained by Agent, the proceeds of which shall be retained by Agent and may be made available to be re-advanced to or for the benefit of Borrowers (upon the request of Borrowers and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 3.2) as if such Defaulting Lender had made its portion of Revolving Loans (or other funding obligations) hereunder, and (F) sixth, from and after the date on which all other Obligations have been paid in full, to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with tier (L) of Section 2.4(b)(iii). Subject to the foregoing, Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to Borrowers for the account of such Defaulting Lender the amount of all such payments received and retained by Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender. Solely for the purposes of voting or consenting to matters with respect to the Loan Documents (including the calculation of Pro Rata Share in connection therewith) and for the purpose of calculating the fee payable under Section 2.10(b), such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a Lender and such Lender s Commitment shall be deemed to be zero; provided, that the foregoing shall not apply to any of the matters governed by Section 14.1(a)(i) through (iii). The provisions of this Section 2.3(g) shall remain effective with respect to such Defaulting Lender until the earlier of (y) the date on which all of the Non-Defaulting Lenders, Agent, Issuing Bank, and Borrowers shall have waived, in writing, the application of this Section 2.3(g) to such Defaulting Lender, or (z) the date on which such Defaulting Lender makes payment of all amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder, pays to Agent all amounts owing by Defaulting Lender in respect of the amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder, and, if requested by Agent, provides adequate assurance of its ability to perform its future obligations hereunder (on which earlier date, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any remaining cash collateral held by Agent pursuant to Section 2.3(g)(ii) shall be released to Borrowers). The operation of this Section 2.3(g) shall not be construed to increase or otherwise affect the Commitment of any Lender, to relieve or excuse the performance by such Defaulting Lender or any other Lender of its duties and obligations hereunder, or to relieve or excuse the performance by any Borrower of its duties and obligations hereunder to Agent, Issuing Bank, or to the Lenders other than such Defaulting Lender. Any failure by a Defaulting Lender to fund amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder shall constitute a material breach by such Defaulting Lender of this Agreement and shall entitle Borrowers, at their option, upon written notice to Agent, to arrange for a substitute Lender to assume the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender, such substitute Lender to be reasonably acceptable to Agent. In connection with the arrangement of such a substitute Lender, the Defaulting Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder, and agrees to execute and deliver a completed form of Assignment and Acceptance in favor of the substitute Lender (and agrees that it shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such document if it fails to do so) subject only to being paid its share of the outstanding Obligations (other than Bank Product Obligations, but including (1) all interest, fees, and other amounts that may be due and payable in respect thereof, and (2) an assumption of its Pro Rata Share of its participation in the Letters of Credit ); provided, that any such assumption of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender shall not be deemed to constitute a 

66 173127432 waiver of any of the Lender Groups or Borrowers rights or remedies against any such Defaulting Lender arising out of or in relation to such failure to fund. In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 2.3(g) and any other provision contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of this Section 2.3(g) shall control and govern. (ii) If any Swing Loan or Letter of Credit is outstanding at the time that a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: (A) such Defaulting Lender s Swing Loan Exposure and Letter of Credit Exposure shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares but only to the extent (x) the sum of all Non-Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share of Revolver Usage plus such Defaulting Lender s Swing Loan Exposure and Letter of Credit Exposure does not exceed the total of all Non-Defaulting Lenders Revolver Commitments and (y) the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 are satisfied at such time; (B) if the reallocation described in clause (A) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, Borrowers shall within one Business Day following notice by the Agent (x) first, prepay such Defaulting Lender s Swing Loan Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above), and (y) second, cash collateralize such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above), pursuant to a cash collateral agreement to be entered into in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, for so long as such Letter of Credit Exposure is outstanding; provided, that Borrowers shall not be obligated to cash collateralize any Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure if such Defaulting Lender is also Issuing Bank; (C) if Borrowers cash collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure pursuant to this Section 2.3(g)(ii), Borrowers shall not be required to pay any Letter of Credit Fees to Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.6(b) with respect to such cash collateralized portion of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure during the period such Letter of Credit Exposure is cash collateralized; (D) to the extent the Letter of Credit Exposure of the Non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.3(g)(ii), then the Letter of Credit Fees payable to the Non- Defaulting Lenders pursuant to Section 2.6(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such Non- Defaulting Lenders Letter of Credit Exposure; (E) to the extent any Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure is neither cash collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.3(g)(ii), then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder, all Letter of Credit Fees that would have otherwise been payable to such Defaulting Lender under Section 2.6(b) with respect to such portion of such Letter of Credit Exposure shall instead be payable to Issuing Bank until such portion of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure is cash collateralized or reallocated; (F) so long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swing Lender shall not be required to make any Swing Loan and Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend, or increase any Letter of Credit, in each case, to the extent (x) the Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Swing Loans or Letter of Credit cannot be reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.3(g)(ii), or (y) the 

67 173127432 Swing Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, has not otherwise entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Swing Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, and Borrowers to eliminate the Swing Lender s or Issuing Bank s risk with respect to the Defaulting Lender s participation in Swing Loans or Letters of Credit; and (G) Agent may release any cash collateral provided by Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.3(g)(ii) to Issuing Bank and Issuing Bank may apply any such cash collateral to the payment of such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Letter of Credit Disbursement that is not reimbursed by Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.11(d). Subject to Section 17.14, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lende r, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. (h) Independent Obligations. All Revolving Loans (other than Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) shall be made by the Lenders contemporaneously and in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares. It is understood that (i) no Lender shall be responsible for any failure by any other Lender to perform its obligation to make any Revolving Loan (or other extension of credit) hereunder, nor shall any Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of any failure by any other Lender to perform its obligations hereunder, and (ii) no failure by any Lender to perform its obligations hereunder shall excuse any other Lender from its obligations hereunder. 2.4 Payments; Reductions of Commitments; Prepayments. (a) Payments by Borrowers. (i) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by Borrowers shall be made to Agent s Account for the account of the Lender Group and shall be made in immediately available funds, no later than 3:30 p.m. on the date specified herein; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any payments deposited into a Controlled Account shall be deemed not to be received by Agent on any Business Day unless immediately available funds have been credited to Agent s Account prior to 3:30 p.m. on such Business Day. Any payment received by Agent in immediately available funds in Agent s Account later than 3:30 p.m. shall be deemed to have been received (unless Agent, in its sole discretion, elects to credit it on the date received) on the following Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue until such following Business Day. (ii) Unless Agent receives notice from Borrowers prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Lenders that Borrowers will not make such payment in full as and when required, Agent may assume that Borrowers have made (or will make) such payment in full to Agent on such date in immediately available funds and Agent may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent Borrowers do not make such payment in full to Agent on the date when due, each Lender severally shall repay to Agent on demand such amount distributed to such Lender, together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date repaid. (b) Apportionment and Application. (i) So long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting Lenders, all principal and interest 

68 173127432 payments received by Agent shall be apportioned ratably among the Lenders (according to the unpaid principal balance of the Obligations to which such payments relate held by each Lender) and all payments of fees and expenses received by Agent (other than fees or expenses that are for Agent s separate account or for the separate account of Issuing Bank) shall be apportioned ratably among the Lenders having a Pro Rata Share of the type of Commitment or Obligation to which a particular fee or expense relates. (ii) Subject to Section 2.4(b)(v), Section 2.4(d)(ii), and Section 2.4(e), all payments to be made hereunder by Borrowers shall be remitted to Agent and all such payments, and all proceeds of Collateral received by Agent, shall be applied, so long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting Lenders, to reduce the balance of the Revolving Loans outstanding and, thereafter, to Borrowers (to be wired to the Designated Account) or such other Person entitled thereto under applicable law. (iii) At any time that an Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting Lenders, all payments remitted to Agent and all proceeds of Collateral received by Agent shall be applied as follows: (A) first, to pay any Lender Group Expenses (including cost or expense reimbursements) or indemnities then due to Agent under the Loan Documents and to pay interest and principal on Extraordinary Advances that are held solely by Agent pursuant to the terms of Section 2.3(d)(iv), until paid in full, (B) second, to pay any fees or premiums then due to Agent under the Loan Documents, until paid in full, (C) third, to pay interest due in respect of all Protective Advances, until paid in full, (D) fourth, to pay the principal of all Protective Advances, until paid in full, (E) fifth, ratably, to pay any Lender Group Expenses (including cost or expense reimbursements) or indemnities then due to any of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, until paid in full, (F) sixth, ratably, to pay any fees or premiums then due to any of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, until paid in full, (G) seventh, to pay interest accrued in respect of the Swing Loans, until paid in full, (H) eighth, to pay the principal of all Swing Loans, until paid in full, (I) ninth, ratably, to pay interest accrued in respect of the Revolving Loans (other than Protective Advances and Swing Loans), until paid in full, (J) tenth, ratably (1) ratably, to pay the principal of all Revolving Loans (other than Protective Advances and Swing Loans), until paid in full, (2) to Agent, to be held by Agent, for the benefit of Issuing Bank (and for the ratable benefit of each of the Lenders that have an obligation to pay to Agent, for the account of Issuing Bank, a share of each Letter of Credit Disbursement), as cash collateral in 

69 173127432 an amount up to 103 of the Letter of Credit Usage (to the extent permitted by applicable law, such cash collateral shall be applied to the reimbursement of any Letter of Credit Disbursement as and when such disbursement occurs and, if a Letter of Credit expires undrawn, the cash collateral held by Agent in respect of such Letter of Credit shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be reapplied pursuant to this Section 2.4(b)(iii), beginning with tier (A) hereof), (3) ratably to (y) the Bank Product Providers based upon amounts then certified by each applicable Bank Product Provider to Agent (in form and substance satisfactory to Agent) to be due and payable to such Bank Product Provider on account of Bank Product Obligations, and (z) with any balance to be paid to Agent, to be held by Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Bank Product Providers, as cash collateral (which cash collateral may be released by Agent to the applicable Bank Product Provider and applied by such Bank Product Provider to the payment or reimbursement of any amounts due and payable with respect to Bank Product Obligations owed to the applicable Bank Product Provider as and when such amounts first become due and payable) and, if and at such time as all such Bank Product Obligations are paid or otherwise satisfied in full, the cash collateral held by Agent in respect of such Bank Product Obligations shall be reapplied pursuant to this Section 2.4(b)(iii), beginning with tier (A) hereof, (K) eleventh, to pay any other Obligations other than Obligations owed to Defaulting Lenders, (L) twelfth, ratably to pay any Obligations owed to Defaulting Lenders; and (M) thirteenth, to Borrowers (to be wired to the Designated Account) or such other Person entitled thereto under applicable law. (iv) Agent promptly shall distribute to each Lender, pursuant to the applicable wire instructions received from each Lender in writing, such funds as it may be entitled to receive, subject to a Settlement delay as provided in Section 2.3(e). (v) In each instance, so long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing, Section 2.4(b)(ii) shall not apply to any payment made by Borrowers to Agent and specified by Borrowers to be for the payment of specific Obligations then due and payable (or prepayable) under any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (vi) For purposes of Section 2.4(b)(iii), paid in full of a type of Obligation means payment in cash or immediately available funds of all amounts owing on account of such type of Obligation, including interest accrued after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding, default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, irrespective of whether any of the foregoing would be or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding. (vii) In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 2.4 and any other provision contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fu llest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, (A) if the conflict relates to the provisions of Section 2.3(g) and this Section 2.4, then the provisions of Section 2.3(g) shall control and govern, and (B) if otherwise, then the terms and provisions of this Section 2.4 shall control and govern. 

70 173127432 (c) Reduction of Commitments. (i) Revolver Commitments. The Revolver Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date or earlier termination thereof pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Borrowers may reduce the Revolver Commitments, without premium or penalty, to an amount not less than the greater of (A) 10,000,000 and (B) the sum of (1) the Revolver Usage as of such date, plus (2) the principal amount of all Revolving Loans not yet made as to which a request has been given by Borrowers under Section 2.3(a), plus (3) the amount of all Letters of Credit not yet issued as to which a request has been given by Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.11(a). Each such reduction shall be in an amount which is not less than 5,000,000 and integral multiples of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (unless the Revolver Commitments are being reduced to 10,000,000 and the amount of the Revolver Commitments in effect immediately prior to such reduction are less than 15,000,000), shall be made by providing not less than five Business Days prior written notice to Agent, and shall be irrevocable. The Revolver Commitments, once reduced, may not be increased. Each such reduction of the Revolver Commitments shall reduce the Revolver Commitments of each Lender proportionately in accordance with its ratable share thereof. In connection with any reduction in the Revolver Commitments prior to the Maturity Date, if any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries owns any Margin Stock, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent an updated Form U-1 (with sufficient additional originals thereof for each Lender), duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers, together with such other documentation as Agent shall reasonably request, in order to enable Agent and the Lenders to comply with any of the requirements under Regulations T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. (ii) [Reserved]. (d) Optional Prepayments. (i) Revolving Loans. Borrowers may prepay the principal of any Revolving Loan at any time in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. (ii) [Reserved]. (e) Mandatory Prepayments. (i) Borrowing Base. If, at any time, (A) the Revolver Usage on such date exceeds (B) the lesser of (x) the Borrowing Base reflected in the Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered by Borrowers to Agent, or (y) the Maximum Revolver Amount, in all cases as adjusted for Reserves established by Agent in accordance with Section 2.1(c), then Borrowers shall promptly, but in any event, within one Business Day, prepay the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f) in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of such excess. (ii) [Reserved]. (iii) Dispositions. Within one Business Day of the date of receipt by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of the Net Cash Proceeds of any voluntary or involuntary s ale or disposition of assets of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (including Net Cash Proceeds of insurance or arising from casualty losses or condemnations and payments in lieu thereof, but excluding Net Cash Proceeds from sales or dispositions which qualify as Permitted Dispositions under clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (j), (k), (l), (m), (n), (p) or (o) of the definition of Permitted Dispositions), Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f) in an amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such sales or dispositions; provided, that: 

71 173127432 (A) to the extent that any such Net Cash Proceeds are proceeds of Third-Party Term Loan Priority Collateral, such Net Cash Proceeds shall be subject to the payment requirements and other terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement; (B) so long as (1) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (2) Borrowers shall have given Agent prior written notice of Borrowers intention to apply such monies to the costs of replacement of the propert ies or assets that are the subject of such sale or disposition or the cost of purchase or construction of other assets useful in the business of such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (3) the monies are held in a Deposit Account in which Agent has a perfected first-priority security interest (other than Liens in favor of the Third-Party Term Loan Agent and permitted pursuant to the terms of hereof and the Intercreditor Agreement), and (4) such Loan Party or its Subsidiary, as applicable, completes such replacement, purchase, or construction within 90 days after the initial receipt of such monies, then the Loan Party or such Loan Party s Subsidiary whose assets were the subject of such disposition shall have the option to apply such monies to the costs of replacement of the assets that are the subject of such sale or disposition or the costs of purchase or construction of other assets useful in the business of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary unless and to the extent that such applicable period shall have expi red without such replacement, purchase, or construction being made or completed, in which case, any amounts remaining in the Deposit Account referred to in clause (3) above shall be paid to Agent and applied in accordance with Section 2.4(f); provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit the Agent from issuing an Activation Instruction (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement), initiating cash dominion or otherwise taking remedies with respect to such Deposit Account in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents; provided further, that no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall have the right to use such Net Cash Proceeds to make such replacements, purchases, or construction in excess of 2,500,000 in any given fiscal year; and (C) nothing contained in this Section 2.4(e)(iii) shall permit any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to sell or otherwise dispose of any assets other than in accordance with Section 6.4. (iv) Extraordinary Receipts. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, within one Business Day of the date of receipt by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Extraordinary Receipts, Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f) in an amount equal to 100 of such Extraordinary Receipts, net of any reasonable expenses incurred in collecting such Extraordinary Receipts. (v) Indebtedness. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, within one Business Day of the date of incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness), Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f) in an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such incurrence. The provisions of this Section 2.4(e)(v) shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such incurrence otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. (vi) Equity. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, within one Business Day of the date of the issuance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Equity Interests (other than (A) in the event that any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries forms any Subsidiary in accordance with the terms hereof, the issuance by such Subsidiary of Equity Interests to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as applicable, (B) the issuance of Equity Interests by 

72 173127432 Administrative Borrower to any Person that is an equity holder of Administrative Borrower prior to such issuance (a Subject Holder so long as such Subject Holder did not acquire any Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower so as to become a Subject Holder concurrently with, or in contemplation of, the issuance of such Equity Interests to such Subject Holder, (C) the issuance of Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower to directors, officers and employees of Administrative Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to employee stock option plans (or other employee incentive plans or other compensation arrangements) approved by the Board of Directors, and (D) the issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of a Loan Party to its parent or member in connection with the contribution by such parent or member to such Subsidiary of the proceeds of an issuance described in clauses (A) through (D) above), Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f) in an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such issuance. The provisions of this Section 2.4(e)(vi) shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such issuance otherwise prohibited by the terms of this Agreement. (f) Application of Payments. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, each prepayment pursuant to Section 2.4 shall, (1) so long as no Application Event shall have occurred and be continuing, be applied, first, to the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans until paid in full, and second, to cash collateralize the Letters of Credit in an amount equal to 103 of the then outstanding Letter of Credit Usage, and (2) if an Application Event shall have occurred and be continuing, be applied in the manner set forth in Section 2.4(b)(iii). 2.5 Promise to Pay; Promissory Notes. (a) Borrowers agree to pay the Lender Group Expenses on the earlier of (i) the first day of the month following the date on which the applicable Lender Group Expenses were first incurred, or (ii) the date on which demand therefor is made by Agent (it being acknowledged and agreed that any charging of such costs, expenses or Lender Group Expenses to the Loan Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.6(d) shall be deemed to constitute a demand for payment thereof for the purposes of this subclause (ii)). Borrowers promise to pay all of the Obligations (including principal, interest, premiums, if any, fees, costs, and expenses (including Lender Group Expenses)) in full on the Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which the Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations) become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Borrowers agree that their obligations contained in the first sentence of this Section 2.5(a) shall survive payment or satisfaction in full of all other Obligations. (b) Any Lender may request that any portion of its Commitments or the Loans made by it be evidenced by one or more promissory notes. In such event, Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender the requested promissory notes payable to the order of such Lender in a form furnished by Agent and reasonably satisfactory to Borrowers. Thereafter, the portion of the Commitments and Loans evidenced by such promissory notes and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein. 2.6 Interest Rates and Letter of Credit Fee: Rates, Payments, and Calculations . (a) Interest Rates. Except as provided in Section 2.6(c) and Section 2.12(d), all Obligations (except for undrawn Letters of Credit) that have been charged to the Loan Account pursuant to the terms hereof shall bear interest as follows: 

73 173127432 (i) if the relevant Obligation is a SOFR Loan, at a per annum rate equal to Term SOFR plus the SOFR Margin, and (ii) otherwise, at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Base Rate Margin. (b) Letter of Credit Fee. Borrowers shall pay Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Revolving Lenders), a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee (which fee shall be in addition to the fronting fees and commissions, other fees, charges and expenses set forth in Section 2.11(k)) that shall accrue at a per annum rate equal to the Letter of Credit Fee Margin times the average amount of the Letter of Credit Usage during the immediately preceding month. (c) Default Rate. (i) Automatically upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default under Section 8.4 or 8.5 and (ii) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any other Event of Default (other than an Event of Default under Section 8.4 or 8.5), at the direction of Agent or the Required Lenders, and upon written notice by Agent to Borrowers of such direction (provided, that such notice shall not be required for any Event of Default under Section 8.1), (A) all Loans and all Obligations (except for undrawn Letters of Credit) that have been charged to the Loan Account pursuant to the terms hereof shall bear interest at a per annum rate equal to two percentage points above the per annum rate otherwise applicable thereunder, and (B) the Letter of Credit Fee shall be increased to two percentage points above the per annum rate otherwise applicable hereunder. (d) Payment. Except to the extent provided to the contrary in Section 2.10, Section 2.11(k), or Section 2.12(a), (i) all interest and all other fees payable hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents (other than Letter of Credit Fees) shall be due and payable, in arrears, on the first day of each month, (ii) all Letter of Credit Fees payable hereunder, and all fronting fees and all commissions, other fees, charges and expenses provided for in Section 2.11(k) shall be due and payable, in arrears, on the first Business Day of each month, and (iii) all costs and expenses payable hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, and all other Lender Group Expenses shall be due and payable on (x) with respect to Lender Group Expenses outstanding as of the Closing Date, the Closing Date, and (y) otherwise, the earlier of (A) the first day of the month following the date on which the applicable costs, expenses, or Lender Group Expenses were first incurred, or (B) the date on which demand therefor is made by Agent (it being acknowledged and agreed that any charging of such costs, expenses or Lender Group Expenses to the Loan Account pursuant to the provisions of the following sentence shall be deemed to constitute a demand for payment thereof for the purposes of this subclause (B)). Borrowers hereby authorize Agent, from time to time without prior notice to Borrowers, to charge to the Loan Account (A) on the first day of each month, all interest accrued during the prior month on the Revolving Loans hereunder, (B) on the first Business Day of each month, all Letter of Credit Fees accrued or chargeable hereunder during the prior month, (C) as and when incurred or accrued, all fees and costs provided for in Section 2.10(a) or (c), (D) on the first day of each month, the Unused Line Fee accrued during the prior month pursuant to Section 2.10(b), (E) as and when due and payable, all other fees payable hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, (F) on the Closing Date and thereafter as and when incurred or accrued, all other Lender Group Expenses, and (G) as and when due and payable all other payment obligations payable under any Loan Document or any Bank Product Agreement (including any amounts due and payable to the Bank Product Providers in respect of Bank Products). All amounts (including interest, fees, costs, expenses, Lender Group Expenses, or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or under any Bank Product Agreement) charged to the Loan Account shall thereupon constitute Revolving Loans hereunder, shall constitute Obligations hereunder, and shall initially 

74 173127432 accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans (unless and until converted into SOFR Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement). (e) Computation. All interest and fees chargeable under the Loan Documents shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year, in each case, for the actual number of days elapsed in the period during which the interest or fees accrue. In the event the Base Rate is changed from time to time hereafter, the rates of interest hereunder based upon the Base Rate automatically and immediately shall be increased or decreased by an amount equal to such change in the Base Rate. (f) Intent to Limit Charges to Maximum Lawful Rate. In no event shall the interest rate or rates payable under this Agreement, plus any other amounts paid in connection herewith, exceed the highest rate permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable. Borrowers and the Lender Group, in executing and delivering this Agreement, intend legally to agree upon the rate or rates of interest and manner of payment stated within it; provided, that anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if such rate or rates of interest or manner of payment exceeds the maximum allowable under applicable law, then, ipso facto, as of the date of this Agreement, Borrowers are and shall be liable only for the payment of such maximum amount as is allowed by law, and payment received from Borrowers in excess of such legal maximum, whenever received, shall be applied to reduce the principal balance of the Obligations to the extent of such excess. (g) Term SOFR Conforming Changes. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Agent will promptly notify Administrative Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 2.7 Crediting Payments. The receipt of any payment item by Agent shall not be required to be considered a payment on account unless such payment item is a wire transfer of immediately available funds made to Agent s Account or unless and until such payment item is honored when presented for payment. Should any payment item not be honored when presented for payment, then Borrowers shall be deemed not to have made such payment. Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, any payment item shall be deemed received by Agent only if it is received into Agent s Account on a Business Day on or before 3:30 p.m. If any payment item is received into Agent s Account on a non-Business Day or after 3:30 p.m. on a Business Day (unless Agent, in its sole discretion, elects to credit it on the date received), it shall be deemed to have been received by Agent as of the opening of business on the immediately following Business Day. 2.8 Designated Account. Agent is authorized to make the Revolving Loans, and Issuing Bank is authorized to issue the Letters of Credit, under this Agreement based upon telephonic or other instructions received from anyone purporting to be an Authorized Person or, without instructions, if pursuant to Section 2.6(d). Borrowers agree to establish and maintain the Designated Account with the Designated Account Bank for the purpose of receiving the proceeds of the Revolving Loans requested by Borrowers and made by Agent or the Lenders hereunder. Unless otherwise agreed by Agent and Borrowers, any Revolving Loan or Swing Loan requested by Borrowers and made by Agent or the Lenders hereunder shall be made to the Designated Account. 2.9 Maintenance of Loan Account; Statements of Obligations. Agent shall maintain an account on its books in the name of Borrowers (the Loan Account on which Borrowers will be 

75 173127432 charged with all Revolving Loans (including Extraordinary Advances and Swing Loans) made by Agent, Swing Lender, or the Lenders to Borrowers or for Borrowers account, the Letters of Credit issued or arranged by Issuing Bank for Borrowers account, and with all other payment Obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including, accrued interest, fees and expenses, and Lender Group Expenses. In accordance with Section 2.7, the Loan Account will be credited with all payments received by Agent from Borrowers or for Borrowers account. Agent shall make available to Borrowers monthly statements regarding the Loan Account, including the principal amount of the Revolving Loans, interest accrued hereunder, fees accrued or charged hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and a summary itemization of all charges and expenses constituting Lender Group Expenses accrued hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and each such statement, absent manifest error, shall be conclusively presumed to be correct and accurate and constitute an account stated between Borrowers and the Lender Group unless, within 30 days after Agent first makes such a statement available to Borrowers, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent written objection t hereto describing the error or errors contained in such statement. 2.10 Fees. (a) Certain Fees. Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the account of Agent, as and when due and payable under the terms of the Fee Letter, the fees set forth in the Fee Letter. (b) Unused Line Fee. Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the ratable account of the Revolving Lenders, an unused line fee (the Unused Line Fee in an amount equal to 0.50 per annum times the result of (i) the aggregate amount of the Revolver Commitments, less (ii) the Average Revolver Usage during the immediately preceding month (or portion thereof), which Unused Line Fee shall be due and payable, in arrears, on the first day of each month from and after the Closing Date up to the first day of the month prior to the date on which the Obligations are paid in full and on the date on which the Obligations are paid in full. (c) Field Examination and Other Fees. Subject to any limitations set forth in Section 5.7(c), Borrowers shall pay to Agent, field examination, appraisal, and valuation fees and charges, as and when incurred or chargeable, as follows (i) a fee of 1,000 per day, per examiner, plus out-of-pocket expenses (including travel, meals, and lodging) for each field examination of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries performed by or on behalf of Agent, and (ii) the fees, charges or expenses paid or incurred by Agent if it elects to employ the services of one or more third Persons to appraise the Collateral, or any portion thereof. 2.11 Letters of Credit. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon the request of Borrowers made in accordance herewith, and prior to the Maturity Date, Issuing Bank agrees to issue a requested standby Letter of Credit or a sight commercial Letter of Credit for the account of Borrowers. By submitting a request to Issuing Bank for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested that Issuing Bank issue the requested Letter of Credit. Each request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or the amendment or extension of any outstanding Letter of Credit, shall be (i) irrevocable and made in writing by an Authorized Person, (ii) delivered to Agent and Issuing Bank via telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission reasonably acceptable to Agent and Issuing Bank and reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension, and (iii) subject to Issuing Bank s authentication procedures with results satisfactory to Issuing Bank. Each such request shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Issuing Bank and (i) shall specify (A) the amount of such Letter of Credit, (B) the date of issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, (C) the proposed expiration date of such Letter of 

76 173127432 Credit, (D) the name and address of the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit, and (E) such other information (including, the conditions to drawing, and, in the case of an amendment or extension, identification of the Letter of Credit to be so amended or extended) as shall be necessary to prepare, amend or extend such Letter of Credit, and (ii) shall be accompanied by such Issuer Documents as Agent or Issuing Bank may request or require, to the extent that such requests or requirements are consistent with the Issuer Documents that Issuing Bank generally requests for Letters of Credit in similar circumstances. Issuing Bank s records of the content of any such request will be conclusive. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Issuing Bank may, but shall not be obligated to, issue a Letter of Credit that supports the obligations of a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries in respect of x) a lease of real property, or (y) an employment contract. (b) Issuing Bank shall have no obligation to issue a Letter of Credit if any of the following would result after giving effect to the requested issuance: (i) the Letter of Credit Usage would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or (ii) the Letter of Credit Usage would exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount less the outstanding amount of Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans), or (iii) the Letter of Credit Usage would exceed the Borrowing Base at such time less the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Loans (inclusive of Swing Loans) at such time. (c) In the event there is a Defaulting Lender as of the date of any request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue or arrange for such Lette r of Credit to the extent (i) the Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure with respect to such Letter of Credit may not be reallocated pursuant to Section 2.3(g)(ii), or (ii) Issuing Bank has not otherwise entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to it and Borrowers to eliminate Issuing Bank s risk with respect to the participation in such Letter of Credit of the Defaulting Lender, which arrangements may include Borrowers cash collateralizing such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure in accordance with Section 2.3(g)(ii). Additionally, Issuing Bank shall have no obligation to issue or extend a Letter of Credit if (A) any order, judgment, or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall, by its terms, purport to enjoin or restrain Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over Issuing Bank shall prohibit or request that Issuing Bank refrain from the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular, (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally, or (C) if amounts demanded to be paid under any Letter of Credit will not or may not be in United States Dollars. (d) Any Issuing Bank (other than Wells Fargo or any of its Affiliates) shall notify Agent in writing no later than the Business Day prior to the Business Day on which such Issuing Bank issues any Letter of Credit. In addition, each Issuing Bank (other than Wells Fargo or any of its Affiliates) shall, on the first Business Day of each week, submit to Agent a report detailing the daily undrawn amount of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the prior calendar week. Each Letter of Credit shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Issuing Bank, including the requirement that the amounts payable thereunder must be payable in Dollars. If Issuing Bank makes a payment under a Letter of Credit, Borrowers shall pay to Agent an amount equal to the applicable Letter of Credit Disbursement on the Business Day such Letter of Credit Disbursement is made and, in the absence of such payment, the amount of the Letter of Credit Disbursement 

77 173127432 immediately and automatically shall be deemed to be a Revolving Loan hereunder (notwithstanding any failure to satisfy any condition precedent set forth in Section 3) and, initially, shall bear interest at the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans. If a Letter of Credit Disbursement is deemed to be a Revolving Loan hereunder, Borrowers obligation to pay the amount of such Letter of Credit Disbursement to Issuing Bank shall be automatically converted into an obligation to pay the resulting Revolving Loan. Promptly following receipt by Agent of any payment from Borrowers pursuant to this paragraph, Agent shall distribute such payment to Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to Section 2.11(e) to reimburse Issuing Bank, then to such Revolving Lenders and Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. (e) Promptly following receipt of a notice of a Letter of Credit Disbursement pursuant to Section 2.11(d), each Revolving Lender agrees to fund its Pro Rata Share of any Revolving Loan deemed made pursuant to Section 2.11(d) on the same terms and conditions as if Borrowers had requested the amount thereof as a Revolving Loan and Agent shall promptly pay to Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit) and without any further action on the part of Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have granted to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to have purchased, a participation in each Letter of Credit issued by Issuing Bank, in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of such Letter of Credit, and each such Revolving Lender agrees to pay to Agent, for the account of Issuing Bank, such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Letter of Credit Disbursement made by Issuing Bank under the applicable Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to Agent, for the account of Issuing Bank, such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of each Letter of Credit Disbursement made by Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by Borrowers on the date due as provided in Section 2.11(d), or of any reimbursement payment that is required to be refunded (or that Agent or Issuing Bank elects, based upon the advice of counsel, to refund) to Borrowers for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to deliver to Agent, for the account of Issuing Bank, an amount equal to its respective Pro Rata Share of each Letter of Credit Disbursement pursuant to this Section 2.11(e) shall be absolute and unconditional and such remittance shall be made notwithstanding the occurrence or continuation of an Event of Default or Default or the failure to satisfy any condition set forth in Section 3. If any such Revolving Lender fails to make available to Agent the amount of such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of a Letter of Credit Disbursement as provided in this Section, such Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender and Agent (for the account of Issuing Bank) shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Revolving Lender together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate until paid in full. (f) Each Borrower agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless each member of the Lender Group (including Issuing Bank and its branches, Affiliates, and correspondents) and each such Person s respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys and agents (each, including Issuing Bank, a Letter of Credit Related Person (to the fullest extent permitted by law) from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings, liabilities, fines, costs, penalties, and damages, and all reasonable fees and disbursements of attorneys, experts, or consultants and all other costs and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith or in connection with the enforcement of this indemnification (as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought), which may be incurred by or awarded against any such Letter of Credit Related Person (other than Taxes, which shall be governed by Section 16) (the Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs ), and which arise out of or in connection with, or as a result of: (i) any Letter of Credit or any pre-advice of its issuance; 

78 173127432 (ii) any transfer, sale, delivery, surrender or endorsement (or lack thereof) of any Drawing Document at any time(s) held by any such Letter of Credit Related Person in connection with any Letter of Credit; (iii) any action or proceeding arising out of, or in connection with, any Letter of Credit (whether administrative, judicial or in connection with arbitration), including any action or proceeding to compel or restrain any presentation or payment under any Letter of Credit, or for the wrongful dishonor of, or honoring a presentation under, any Letter of Credit; (iv) any independent undertakings issued by the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit; (v) any unauthorized instruction or request made to Issuing Bank in connection with any Letter of Credit or requested Letter of Credit, or any error, omission, interruption or delay in such instruction or request, whether transmitted by mail, courier, electronic transmission, SWIFT, or any other telecommunication including communications through a correspondent; (vi) an adviser, confirmer or other nominated person seeking to be reimbursed, indemnified or compensated; (vii) any third party seeking to enforce the rights of an applicant, beneficiary, nominated person, transferee, assignee of Letter of Credit proceeds or holder of an instrument or document; (viii) the fraud, forgery or illegal action of parties other than the Letter of Credit Related Person; (ix) any prohibition on payment or delay in payment of any amount payable by Issuing Bank to a beneficiary or transferee beneficiary of a Letter of Credit arising out of Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or Sanctions; (x) Issuing Bank s performance of the obligations of a confirming institution or entity that wrongfully dishonors a confirmation; (xi) any foreign language translation provided to Issuing Bank in connection with any Letter of Credit; (xii) any foreign law or usage as it relates to Issuing Bank s issuance of a Letter of Credit in support of a foreign guaranty including the expiration of such guaranty after the related Letter of Credit expiration date and any resulting drawing paid by Issuing Bank in connection therewith; or (xiii) the acts or omissions, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto governmental or regulatory authority or cause or event beyond the control of the Letter of Credit Related Person; provided, that such indemnity shall not be available to any Letter of Credit Related Person claiming indemnification under clauses (i) through (xiii) above to the extent that such Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs may be finally determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Letter of Credit Related Person claiming indemnity. Borrowers hereby agree to pay the Letter of Credit Related Person claiming indemnity 

79 173127432 on demand from time to time all amounts owing under this Section 2.11(f). If and to the extent that the obligations of Borrowers under this Section 2.11(f) are unenforceable for any reason, Borrowers agree to make the maximum contribution to the Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs permissible under applicable law. This indemnification provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and all Letters of Credit. (g) The liability of Issuing Bank (or any other Letter of Credit Related Person) under, in connection with or arising out of any Letter of Credit (or pre-advice), regardless of the form or legal grounds of the action or proceeding, shall be limited to direct damages suffered by Borrowers that are caused directly by Issuing Bank s gross negligence or willful misconduct in (i) honoring a presentation under a Letter of Credit that on its face does not at least substantially comply with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, (ii) failing to honor a presentation under a Letter of Credit that strictly complies with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, or (iii) retaining Drawing Documents presented under a Letter of Credit. Borrowers aggregate remedies against Issuing Bank and any Letter of Credit Related Person for wrongfully honoring a presentation under any Letter of Credit or wrongfully retaining honored Drawing Documents shall in no event exceed the aggregate amount paid by Borrowers to Issuing Bank in respect of the honored presentation in connection with such Letter of Credit under Section 2.11(d), plus interest at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans hereunder. Borrowers shall take action to avoid and mitigate the amount of any damages claimed against Issuing Bank or any other Letter of Credit Related Person, including by enforcing its rights against the beneficiaries of the Letters of Credit. Any claim by Borrowers under or in connection with any Letter of Credit shall be reduced by an amount equal to the sum of (x) the amount (if any) saved by Borrowers as a result of the breach or alleged wrongful conduct complained of, and (y) the amount (if any) of the loss that would have been avoided had Borrowers taken all reasonable steps to mitigate any loss, and in case of a claim of wrongful dishonor, by specifically and timely authorizing Issuing Bank to effect a cure. (h) Borrowers are responsible for the final text of the Letter of Credit as issued by Issuing Bank, irrespective of any assistance Issuing Bank may provide such as drafting or recommending text or by Issuing Bank s use or refusal to use text submitted by Borrowers. Borrowers understand that the final form of any Letter of Credit may be subject to such revisions and changes as are deemed necessary or appropriate by Issuing Bank, and Borrowers hereby consent to such revisions and changes not materially different from the application executed in connection therewith. Borrowers are solely responsible for the suitability of the Letter of Credit for Borrowers purposes. If Borrowers request Issuing Bank to issue a Letter of Credit for an affiliated or unaffiliated third party (an Account Party ), (i) such Account Party shall have no rights against Issuing Bank; (ii) Borrowers shall be responsible for the application and obligations under this Agreement; and (iii) communications (including notices) related to the respective Letter of Credit shall be among Issuing Bank and Borrowers. Borrowers will examine the copy of the Letter of Credit and any other documents sent by Issuing Bank in connection therewith and shall promptly notify Issuing Bank (not later than three (3) Business Days following Borrowers receipt of documents from Issuing Bank) of any non-compliance with Borrowers instructions and of any discrepancy in any document under any presentment or other irregularity. Borrowers understand and agree that Issuing Bank is not required to extend the expiration date of any Letter of Credit for any reason. With respect to any Letter of Credit containing an automatic amendment to extend the expiration date of such Letter of Credit, Issuing Bank, in its sole and absolute discretion, may give notice of non-extension of such Letter of Credit and, if Borrowers do not at any time want the then current expiration date of such Letter of Credit to be extended, Borrowers will so notify Agent and Issuing Bank at least 30 calendar days before Issuing Bank is required to notify the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any advising bank of such non-extension pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit. 

80 173127432 (i) Borrowers reimbursement and payment obligations under this Section 2.11 are absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever, including: (i) any lack of validity, enforceability or legal effect of any Letter of Credit, any Issuer Document, this Agreement, or any Loan Document, or any term or provision therein or herein; (ii) payment against presentation of any draft, demand or claim for payment under any Drawing Document that does not comply in whole or in part with the terms of the applicable Letter of Credit or which proves to be fraudulent, forged or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, or which is signed, issued or presented by a Person or a transferee of such Person purporting to be a successor or transferee of the benefici ary of such Letter of Credit; (iii) Issuing Bank or any of its branches or Affiliates being the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit; (iv) Issuing Bank or any correspondent honoring a drawing against a Drawing Document up to the amount available under any Letter of Credit even if such Drawing Document claims an amount in excess of the amount available under the Letter of Credit; (v) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries may have at any time against any beneficiary or transferee beneficiary, any assignee of proceeds, Issuing Bank or any other Person; (vi) Issuing Bank or any correspondent honoring a drawing upon receipt of an electronic presentation under a Letter of Credit requiring the same, regardless of whet her the original Drawing Documents arrive at Issuing Bank s counters or are different from the electronic presentation; (vii) any other event, circumstance or conduct whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing that might, but for this Section 2.11(i), constitute a legal or equitable defense to or discharge of, or provide a right of set-off against, any Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries reimbursement and other payment obligations and liabilities, arising under, or in connection with, any Letter of Credit, whether against Issuing Bank, the beneficiary or any other Person; or (viii) the fact that any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; provided, that subject to Section 2.11(f) above, the foregoing shall not release Issuing Bank from such liability to Borrowers as may be finally determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction against Issuing Bank following reimbursement or payment of the obligations and liabilities, including reimbursement and other payment obligations, of Borrowers to Issuing Bank arising under, or in connection with, this Section 2.11 or any Letter of Credit. (j) Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, Issuing Bank and each other Letter of Credit Related Person (if applicable) shall not be responsible to Borrowers for, and Issuing Bank s rights and remedies against Borrowers and the obligation of Borrowers to reimburse Issuing Bank for each drawing under each Letter of Credit shall not be impaired by: 

81 173127432 (i) honor of a presentation under any Letter of Credit that on its face substantially complies with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, even if the Letter of Credit requires strict compliance by the beneficiary; (ii) honor of a presentation of any Drawing Document that appears on its face to have been signed, presented or issued (A) by any purported successor or transferee of any beneficiary or other Person required to sign, present or issue such Drawing Document or (B) under a new name of the beneficiary; (iii) acceptance as a draft of any written or electronic demand or request for payment under a Letter of Credit, even if nonnegotiable or not in the form of a draft or notwithstanding any requirement that such draft, demand or request bear any or adequate reference to the Letter of Credit; (iv) the identity or authority of any presenter or signer of any Drawing Document or the form, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any Drawing Document (other than Issuing Bank s determination that such Drawing Document appears on its face substantially to comply with the terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit); (v) acting upon any instruction or request relative to a Letter of Credit or requested Letter of Credit that Issuing Bank in good faith believes to have been given by a Person authorized to give such instruction or request; (vi) any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any message, advice or document (regardless of how sent or transmitted) or for errors in interpretation of technical terms or in translation or any delay in giving or failing to give notice to any Borrower; (vii) any acts, omissions or fraud by, or the insolvency of, any beneficiary, any nominated person or entity or any other Person or any breach of contract between any beneficiary and any Borrower or any of the parties to the underlying transaction to which the Letter of Credit relates; (viii) assertion or waiver of any provision of the ISP or UCP that primarily benefits an issuer of a letter of credit, including any requirement that any Drawing Document be presented to it at a particular hour or place; (ix) payment to any presenting bank (designated or permitted by the terms of the applicable Letter of Credit) claiming that it rightfully honored or is entitled to reimbursement or indemnity under Standard Letter of Credit Practice applicable to it; (x) acting or failing to act as required or permitted under Standard Letter of Credit Practice applicable to where Issuing Bank has issued, confirmed, advised or negotiated such Letter of Credit, as the case may be; (xi) honor of a presentation after the expiration date of any Letter of Credit notwithstanding that a presentation was made prior to such expiration date and dishonored by Issuing Bank if subsequently Issuing Bank or any court or other finder of fact determines such presenta tion should have been honored; 

82 173127432 (xii) dishonor of any presentation that does not strictly comply or that is fraudulent, forged or otherwise not entitled to honor; or (xiii) honor of a presentation that is subsequently determined by Issuing Bank to have been made in violation of international, federal, state or local restrictions on the transaction of business with certain prohibited Persons. (k) Borrowers shall pay immediately upon demand to Agent for the account of Issuing Bank as non-refundable fees, commissions, and charges (it being acknowledged and agreed that any charging of such fees, commissions, and charges to the Loan Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.6(d) shall be deemed to constitute a demand for payment thereof for the purposes of this Section 2.11(k)): (i) a fronting fee which shall be imposed by Issuing Bank equal to 0.125 per annum times the average amount of the Letter of Credit Usage during the immediately preceding month, plus (ii) any and all other customary commissions, fees and charges then in effect imposed by, and any and all expenses incurred by, Issuing Bank, or by any adviser, confirming institution or entity or other nominated person, relating to Letters of Credit, at the time of issuance of any Letter of Credit and upon the occurrence of any other activity with respect to any Letter of Credit (including transfers, assignments of proceeds, amendments, drawings, extensions or cancellations). (l) If by reason of (x) any Change in Law, or (y) compliance by Issuing Bank or any other member of the Lender Group with any direction, request, or requirement (irrespective of whether having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority or monetary authority including, Regulation D of the Board of Governors as from time to time in effect (and any successor thereto): (i) any reserve, deposit, or similar requirement is or shall be imposed or modified in respect of any Letter of Credit issued or caused to be issued hereunder or hereby, or any Loans or obligations to make Loans hereunder or hereby, or (ii) there shall be imposed on Issuing Bank or any other member of the Lender Group any other condition regarding any Letter of Credit, Loans, or obligations to make Loans hereunder, and the result of the foregoing is to increase, directly or indirectly, the cost to Issuing Bank or any other member of the Lender Group of issuing, making, participating in, or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount receivable in respect thereof, then, and in any such case, Agent may, at any time within a reasonable period after the additional cost is incurred or the amount received is reduced, notify Borrowers, and Borrowers shall pay within 30 days after demand therefor, such amounts as Agent may specify to be necessary to compensate Issuing Bank or any other member of the Lender Group for such additional cost or reduced receipt, together with interest on such amount from the date of such demand until payment in full thereof at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans hereunder; provided, that (A) Borrowers shall not be required to provide any compensation pursuant to this Section 2.11(l) for any such amounts incurred more than 180 days prior to the date on which the demand for payment of such amounts is first made to Borrowers, and (B) if an event or circumstance giving rise to such amounts is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. The determination by Agent of any amount due pursuant to this Section 2.11(l), as set forth in a certificate setting forth the calculation thereof in reasonable detail, shall, in the absence of manifest or demonstrable error, be final and conclusive and binding on all of the parties hereto. (m) Each standby Letter of Credit shall expire not later than the date that is 12 months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit; provided, that any standby Letter of Credit may provide for the automatic extension thereof for any number of additional periods each of 

83 173127432 up to one year in duration; provided further, that with respect to any Letter of Credit which extends beyond the Maturity Date, Letter of Credit Collateralization shall be provided therefor on or before the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. Each commercial Letter of Credit shall expire on the earlier of (i) 120 days after the date of the issuance of such commercial Letter of Credit and (ii) five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. (n) If (i) any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, or (ii) Availability shall at any time be less than zero, then on the Business Day following the date when the Administrative Borrower receives notice from Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Obligations has been accelerated, Revolving Lenders with Letter of Credit Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total Letter of Credit Exposure) demanding Letter of Credit Collateralization pursuant to this Section 2.11(n) upon such demand, Borrowers shall provide Letter of Credit Collateralization with respect to the then existing Letter of Credit Usage. If Borrowers fail to provide Letter of Credit Collateralization as required by this Section 2.11(n), the Revolving Lenders may (and, upon direction of Agent, shall) advance, as Revolving Loans the amount of the cash collateral required pursuant to the Letter of Credit Collateralization provision so that the then existing Letter of Credit Usage is cash collateralized in accordance with the Letter of Credit Collateralization provision (whether or not the Revolver Commitments have terminated, an Overadvance exists or the conditions in Section 3 are satisfied). (o) Unless otherwise expressly agreed by Issuing Bank and Borrowers when a Letter of Credit is issued, (i) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. (p) Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have acted with due diligence and reasonable care if Issuing Bank s conduct is in accordance with Standard Letter of Credit Practice or in accordance with this Agreement. (q) In the event of a direct conflict between the provisions of this Section 2.11 and any provision contained in any Issuer Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of this Section 2.11 shall control and govern. (r) The provisions of this Section 2.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment in full of the Obligations with respect to any Letters of Credit that remain outstanding. (s) At Borrowers costs and expense, Borrowers shall execute and deliver to Issuing Bank such additional certificates, instruments and/or documents and take such additional action as may be reasonably requested by Issuing Bank to enable Issuing Bank to issue any Letter of Credit pursuant to this Agreement and related Issuer Document, to protect, exercise and/or enforce Issuing Banks rights and interests under this Agreement or to give effect to the terms and provisions of this Agreement or any Issuer Document. Each Borrower irrevocably appoints Issuing Bank as its attorney-in-fact and authorizes Issuing Bank, without notice to Borrowers, to execute and deliver ancillary documents and letters customary in the letter of credit business that may include but are not limited to advisements, indemnities, checks, bills of exchange and issuance documents. The power of attorney granted by the Borrowers is limited solely to such actions related to the issuance, confirmation or amendment of any Letter of Credit and to ancillary documents or letters customa ry in the letter of credit business. This appointment is coupled with an interest. 

84 173127432 2.12 SOFR Option. (a) Interest and Interest Payment Dates. In lieu of having interest charged at the rate based upon the Base Rate, Borrowers shall have the option, subject to Section 2.12(b) below (the SOFR Option to have interest on all or a portion of the Revolving Loans be charged (whether at the time when made (unless otherwise provided herein), upon conversion from a Base Rate Loan to a SOFR Loan, or upon continuation of a SOFR Loan as a SOFR Loan) at a rate of interest based upon Term SOFR. Interest on SOFR Loans shall be payable on the earliest of (i) the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto; provided, that subject to the following clauses (ii) and (iii), in the case of any Interest Period greater than three months in duration, interest shall be payable at three month intervals after the commencement of the applicable Interest Period and on the last day of such Interest Period, (ii) the date on which all or any portion of the Obligations are accelerated pursuant to the terms hereof, or (iii) the date on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. On the last day of each applicable Interest Period, unless Borrowers have properly exercised the SOFR Option with respect thereto, the interest rate applicable to such SOFR Loan automatically shall convert to the rate of interest then applicable to Base Rate Loans of the same type hereunder. At any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrowers no longer shal l have the option to request that Revolving Loans bear interest at a rate based upon Term SOFR. (b) SOFR Election. (i) Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, elect to exercise the SOFR Option by notifying Agent prior to 1:00 p.m. at least three Business Days prior to the commencement of the proposed Interest Period (the SOFR Deadline ). Notice of Borrowers election of the SOFR Option for a permitted portion of the Revolving Loans and an Interest Period pursuant to this Section 2.12(b) shall be made by delivery to Agent of a SOFR Notice received by Agent before the SOFR Deadline. Promptly upon its receipt of each such SOFR Notice, Agent shall provide a copy thereof to each of the affected Lenders. (ii) Each SOFR Notice shall be irrevocable and binding on Borrowers. In connection with each SOFR Loan, each Borrower shall indemnify, defend, and hold Agent and the Lenders harmless against any loss, cost, or expense actually incurred by Agent or any Lender as a result of (A) the payment or required assignment of any principal of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (B) the conversion of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (C) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any SOFR Loan on the date specified in any SOFR Notice delivered pursuant hereto (such losses, costs, or expenses, Funding Losses ). (iii) A certificate of Agent or a Lender delivered to Borrowers setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that Agent or such Lender is entit led to receive pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Borrowers shall pay such amount to Agent or the Lender, as applicable, within 30 days of the date of its receipt of such certificate. If a payment of a SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the applicable Interest Period would result in a Funding Loss, Agent may, in its sole discretion at the request of Borrowers, hold the amount of such payment as cash collateral in support of the Obligations until the last day of such Interest Period and apply such amounts to the payment of the applicable SOFR Loan on such last day of such Interest Period, it being agreed that Agent has no obligation to so defer the application of payments to any SOFR Loan and that, in the event that Agent does not defer such application, Borrowers shall be obligated to pay any resulting Funding Losses. 

85 173127432 (iv) Unless Agent, in its sole discretion, agrees otherwise, Borrowers shall have not more than five SOFR Loans in effect at any given time. Borrowers may only exercise the SOFR Option for proposed SOFR Loans of at least 1,000,000. (c) Conversion; Prepayment. Borrowers may convert SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans or prepay SOFR Loans at any time; provided, that in the event that SOFR Loans are converted or prepaid on any date that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, including as a result of any prepayment through the required application by Agent of any payments or proceeds of Collateral in accordance with Section 2.4(b) or for any other reason, including early termination of the term of this Agreement or acceleration of all or any portion of the Obligations pursuant to the terms hereof, each Borrower shall indemnify, defend, and hold Agent and the Lenders and their Participants harmless against any and all Funding Losses in accordance with Section 2.12(b)(ii). (d) Special Provisions Applicable to Term SOFR. (i) Term SOFR may be adjusted by Agent with respect to any Lender on a prospective basis to take into account any additional or increased costs (other than Taxes which shall be governed by Section 16), in each case, due to changes in applicable law occurring subsequent to the commencement of the then applicable Interest Period, or pursuant to any Change in Law or change in the reserve requirements imposed by the Board of Governors, which additional or increased costs would increase the cost of funding or maintaining loans bearing interest at Term SOFR. In any such event, the affected Lender shall give Borrowers and Agent notice of such a determination and adjustment and Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and, upon its receipt of the notice from the affected Lender, Borrowers may, by notice to such affected Lender (A) require such Lender to furnish to Borrowers a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for adjusting Term SOFR and the method for determining the amount of such adjustment, or (B) repay the SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR, in each case, of such Lender with respect to which such adjustment is made (together with any amounts due under Section 2.12(b)(ii)). (ii) Subject to the provisions set forth in Section 2.12(d)(iii) below, in the event that any change in market conditions or any Change in Law shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable opinion of any Lender, make it unlawful or impractical for such Lender to fund or maintain SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR) or to continue such funding or maintaining, or to determine or charge interest rates at the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or SOFR, such Lender shall give notice of such changed circumstances to Agent and Borrowers and Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and (y)(i) in the case of any SOFR Loans of such Lender that are outstanding, such SOFR Loans of such Lender will be deemed to have been converted Base Rate Loans on the last day of the Interest Period of such SOFR Loans, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans, and thereafter interest upon the SOFR Loans of such Lender thereafter shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans (and if applicable, without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof) and (ii) in the case of any such Base Rate Loans of such Lender that are outstanding and that are determined with reference to Term SOFR, interest upon the Base Rate Loans of such Lender after the date specified in such Lender s notice shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Ba se Rate Loans without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof and (z) Borrowers shall not be entitled to elect the SOFR Option and Base Rate Loans shall not be determined with reference to the Term SOFR component thereof, in each case, until such Lender determines that it would no longer be unlawful or impractical to do so. 

86 173127432 (iii) Benchmark Replacement Setting. (A) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Agent and Administrative Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and Administrative Borrower so long as Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.12(d)(iii) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. (B) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption, or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (C) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. Agent will promptly notify Administrative Borrower and the Lenders of (1) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (2) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. Agent will promptly notify Administrative Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(D). Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.12(d)(iii), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case , as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.12(d)(iii). (D) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (1) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (I) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by Agent in its reasonable discretion or (II) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non- compliant or non-aligned tenor and (2) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (1) above either (I) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (II) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial 

87 173127432 Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (E) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon Administrative Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (1) Administrative Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, Administrative Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans and (2) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. (e) No Requirement of Matched Funding. Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, neither Agent, nor any Lender, nor any of their Participants, is required actually to match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues at Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Reference Rate. 2.13 Capital Requirements. (a) If, after the date hereof, Issuing Bank or any Lender determines that (i) any Change in Law regarding capital, liquidity or reserve requirements for banks or bank holding companies, or (ii) compliance by Issuing Bank or such Lender, or their respective parent bank holding companies, with any guideline, request or directive of any Governmental Authority regarding capital adequacy or liquidity requirements (whether or not having the force of law), has the effect of reducing the return on Issuing Bank s, such Lender s, or such holding companies capital or liquidity as a consequence of Issuing Bank s or such Lender s commitments, Loans, participations or other obligations hereunder to a level below that which Issuing Bank, such Lender, or such holding companies could have achieved but for such Change in Law or compliance (taking into consideration Issuing Bank s, such Lender s, or such holding companies then existing policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity requirements and assuming the full utilization of such entity s capital) by any amount deemed by Issuing Bank or such Lender to be material, then Issuing Bank or such Lender may notify Borrowers and Agent thereof. Following receipt of such notice, Borrowers agree to pay Issuing Bank or such Lender on demand the amount of such reduction of return of capital as and when such reduction is determined, payable within 30 days after presentation by Issuing Bank or such Lender of a statement in the amount and setting forth in reasonable detail Issuing Bank s or such Lender s calculation thereof and the assumptions upon which such calculation was based (which statement shall be deemed true and correct absent manifest error). In determining such amount, Issuing Bank or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. Failure or delay on the part of Issuing Bank or any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of Issuing Bank s or such Lender s right to demand such compensation; provided, that Borrowers shall not be required to compensate Issuing Bank or a Lender pursuant to this Section for any reductions in return incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that Issuing Bank or such Lender notifies Borrowers of such Change in Law giving rise to such reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further, that if such claim arises by reason of the Change in Law that is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

88 173127432 (b) If Issuing Bank or any Lender requests additional or increased costs referred to in Section 2.11(l) or Section 2.12(d)(i) or amounts under Section 2.13(a) or sends a notice under Section 2.12(d)(ii) relative to changed circumstances (such Issuing Bank or Lender, an Affected Lender ), then, at the request of Administrative Borrower, such Affected Lender shall use reasonable efforts to promptly designate a different one of its lending offices or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices or branches, if (i) in the reasonable judgment of such Affected Lender, such designation or assignment would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.11(l), Section 2.12(d)(i) or Section 2.13(a), as applicable, or would eliminate the illegality or impracticality of funding or maintaining SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR), and (ii) in the reasonable judgment of such Affected Lender, such designation or assignment would not subject it to any material unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be materially disadvantageous to it. Borrowers agree to pay all reasonable out - of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by such Affected Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. If, after such reasonable efforts, such Affected Lender does not so designate a different one of its lending offices or assign its rights to another of its offices or branches so as to eliminate Borrowers obligation to pay any future amounts to such Affected Lender pursuant to Section 2.11(l), Section 2.12(d)(i) or Section 2.13(a), as applicable, or to enable Borrowers to obtain SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR), then Borrowers (without prejudice to any amounts then due to such Affected Lender under Section 2.11(l), Section 2.12(d)(i) or Section 2.13(a), as applicable) may, unless prior to the effective date of any such assignment the Affected Lender withdraws its request for such additional amounts under Section 2.11(l), Section 2.12(d)(i) or Section 2.13(a), as applicable, or indicates that it is no longer unlawful or impractical to fund or maintain SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR), may designate a different Issuing Bank or substitute a Lender or prospective Lender, in each case, reasonably acceptable to Agent to purchase the Obligations owed to such Affected Lender and such Affected Lender s commitments hereunder (a Replacement Lender ), and if such Replacement Lender agrees to such purchase, such Affected Lender shall assign to the Replacement Lender its Obligations and commitments, and upon such purchase by the Replacement Lender, which such Replacement Lender shall be deemed to be Issuing Bank or a Lender (as the case may be) for purposes of this Agreement and such Affected Lender shall cease to be Issuing Bank or a Lender (as the case may be) for purposes of this Agreement. (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the protection of Sections 2.11(l), 2.12(d), and 2.13 shall be available to Issuing Bank and each Lender (as applicable) regardless of any possible contention of the invalidity or inapplicability of the law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment, guideline, treaty or other change or condition which shall have occurred or been imposed, so long as it shall be customary for issuing banks or lenders affected thereby to comply therewith. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, neither Issuing Bank nor any Lender shall demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.13 if it shall not at the time be the general policy or practice of Issuing Bank or such Lender (as the case may be) to demand such compensation in similar circumstances under comparable provisions of other credit agreements, if any. 2.14 Incremental Facilities. (a) At any time during the period from and after the Closing Date through but excluding the date that is the four-year anniversary of the Closing Date, at the option of Borrowers (but subject to the conditions set forth in clause (b) below), the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount may be increased by an amount in the aggregate for all such increases of the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount not to exceed the Available Increase Amount (each such increase, an Increase ). Agent shall invite each Lender to increase its Revolver Commitments (it being understood that no Lender shall be obligated to increase its Revolver 

89 173127432 Commitments) in connection with a proposed Increase at the interest margin proposed by Borrowers, and if sufficient Lenders do not agree to increase their Revolver Commitments in connection with such proposed Increase, then Agent or Borrowers may invite any prospective lender who is an Eligible Transferee or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Borrowers to become a Lender in connection with a proposed Increase. Any Increase shall be in an amount of at least 5,000,000 and integral multiples of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. In no event may the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount be increased pursuant to this Section 2.14 on more than two occasions in the aggregate for all such Increases. Additionally, for the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that in no event shall the aggregate amount of the Increases to the Revolver Commitments exceed 10,000,000. (b) Each of the following shall be conditions precedent to any Increase of the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount: (i) Agent or Borrowers have obtained the commitment of one or more Lenders (or other prospective lenders who are Eligible Transferees or otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Borrowers) reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Borrowers to provide the applicable Increase and any such Lenders (or such prospective lenders), Borrowers, and Agent have signed a joinder agreement to this Agreement (an Increase Joinder ), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, to which such Lenders (or prospective lenders), Borrowers, and Agent are party, (ii) each of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.2 are satisfied, (iii) in connection with any Increase, if any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries owns or will acquire any Margin Stock, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent an updated Form U-1 (with sufficient additional originals thereof for each Lender), duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers, together with such other documentation as Agent shall reasonably request, in order to enable Agent and the Lenders to comply with any of the requirements under Regulations T, U or X of the Board of Governors, (iv) Borrowers have delivered to Agent updated pro forma Projections (after giving effect to the applicable Increase) for the Loan Parties and their Subsid iaries evidencing compliance on a pro forma basis with Section 7 for the twelve months (on a month-by-month basis) immediately following the proposed date of the applicable Increase, (v) The interest rate margins with respect to the Revolving Loans to be made pursuant to the increased Revolver Commitments shall be the same as the interest rate margin applicable to Revolving Loans hereunder immediately prior to the applicable Increase Date (as defined below). Any Increase Joinder may, with the consent of Agent, Borrowers and the Lenders or prospective lenders agreeing to the proposed Increase, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary to effectuate the provisions of this Section 2.14; and (vi) if deemed necessary by Agent, Agent shall have received the written approval of the Third-Party Term Loan Agent for such Increase pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement. (c) Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, (i) all references in this Agreement and any other Loan Document to Revolving Loans shall be deemed, unless the context otherwise requires, to include Revolving Loans made pursuant to the increased Revolver Commitments and Maximum Revolver Amount pursuant to this Section 2.14. 

90 173127432 (d) Each of the Lenders having a Revolver Commitment prior to the Increase Date (the Pre-Increase Revolver Lenders shall assign to any Lender which is acquiring a new or additional Revolver Commitment on the Increase Date (the Post-Increase Revolver Lenders ), and such Post-Increase Revolver Lenders shall purchase from each Pre-Increase Revolver Lender, at the principal amount thereof, such interests in the Revolving Loans and participation interests in Letters of Credit on such Increase Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, such Revolving Loans and participation interests in Letters of Credit will be held by Pre-Increase Revolver Lenders and Post-Increase Revolver Lenders ratably in accordance with their Pro Rata Share after giving effect to such increased Revolver Commitments. (e) The Revolving Loans, Revolver Commitments, and Maximum Revolver Amount established pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall constitute Revolving Loans, Revolver Commitments, and Maximum Revolver Amount under, and shall be entitled to all the benefits afforded by, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall, without limiting the foregoing, benefit equally and ratably from any guarantees and the security interests created by the Loan Documents. Borrowers shall take any actions reasonably required by Agent to ensure and demonstrate that the Liens and security interests granted by the Loan Documents continue to be perfected under the Code or otherwise after giving effect to the establishment of any such new Revolver Commitments and Maximum Revolver Amount. 2.15 Joint and Several Liability of Borrowers. (a) Each Borrower is accepting joint and several liability hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in consideration of the financial accommodations to be provided by the Lender Group under this Agreement, for the mutual benefit, directly and indirectly, of each Borrower and in consideration of the undertakings of the other Borrowers to accept joint and several liability for the Obligations. (b) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally accepts, not merely as a surety but also as a co-debtor, joint and several liability with the other Borrowers, with respect to the payment and performance of all of the Obligations (including any Obligations arising under this Section 2.15), it being the intention of the parties hereto that all the Obligations shall be the joint and several obligations of each Borrower without preferences or distinction among them. Accordingly, each Borrower hereby waives any and all suretyship defenses that would otherwise be available to such Borrower under applicable law. (c) If and to the extent that any Borrower shall fail to make any payment with respect to any of the Obligations as and when due, whether upon maturity, acceleration, or otherwise, or to perform any of the Obligations in accordance with the terms thereof, then in each such event the other Borrowers will make such payment with respect to, or perform, such Obligations until such time as all of the Obligations are paid in full, and without the need for demand, protest, or any other notice or formality. (d) The Obligations of each Borrower under the provisions of this Section 2.15 constitute the absolute and unconditional, full recourse Obligations of each Borrower enforceable against each Borrower to the full extent of its properties and assets, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the provisions of this Agreement (other than this Section 2.15(d)) or any other circumstances whatsoever. (e) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each Borrower hereby waives presentments, demands for 

91 173127432 performance, protests and notices, including notices of acceptance of its joint and several liability, notice of any Revolving Loans or any Letters of Credit issued under or pursuant to this Agreement, notice of the occurrence of any Default, Event of Default, notices of nonperformance, notices of protest, notices of dishonor, notices of acceptance of this Agreement, notices of the existence, creation, or incurring of new or additional Obligations or other financial accommodations or of any demand for any payment under this Agreement, notice of any action at any time taken or omitted by Agent or Lenders under or in respect of any of the Obligations, any right to proceed against any other Borrower or any other Person, to proceed against or exhaust any security held from any other Borrower or any other Person, to protect, secure, perfect, or insure any security interest or Lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any right to take any action against any other Borrower, any other Person, or any collateral, to pursue any other remedy in any member of the Lender Group s or any Bank Product Provider s power whatsoever, any requirement of diligence or to mit igate damages and, generally, to the extent permitted by applicable law, all demands, notices and other formalities of every kind in connection with this Agreement (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement), any right to assert against any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider, any defense (legal or equitable), set-off, counterclaim, or claim which each Borrower may now or at any time hereafter have against any other Borrower or any other party liable to any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider, any defense, set-off, counterclaim, or claim, of any kind or nature, arising directly or indirectly from the present or future lack of perfection, sufficiency, validity, or enforceability of the Obligations or any security therefor, and any right or defense arising by reason of any claim or defense based upon an election of remedies by any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider including any defense based upon an impairment or elimination of such Borrower s rights of subrogation, reimbursement, contribution, or indemnity of such Borrower against any other Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower hereby assents to, and waives notice of, any extension or postponement of the time for the payment of any of the Obligations, the acceptance of any payment of any of the Obligations, the acceptance of any partial payment thereon, any waiver, consent or other action or acquiescence by Agent or Lenders at any time or times in respect of any default by any Borrower in the performance or satisfaction of any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Agreement, any and all other indulgences whatsoever by Agent or Lenders in respect of any of the Obligations, and the taking, addition, subst itution or release, in whole or in part, at any time or times, of any security for any of the Obligations or the addition, substitution or release, in whole or in part, of any Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower assents to any other action or delay in acting or failure to act on the part of any Agent or Lender with respect to the failure by any Borrower to comply with any of its respective Obligations, including any failure strictly or diligently to assert any right or to pursue any remedy or to comply fully with applicable laws or regulations thereunder, which might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.15 afford grounds for terminating, discharging or relieving any Borrower, in whole or in part, from any of its Obligations under this Section 2.15, it being the intention of each Borrower that, so long as any of the Obligations hereunder remain unsatisfied, the Obligations of each Borrower under this Section 2.15 shall not be discharged except by performance and then only to the extent of such performance. The Obligations of each Borrower under this Section 2.15 shall not be diminished or rendered unenforceable by any winding up, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation, reconstruction or similar proceeding with respect to any other Borrower or any Agent or Lender. Each of the Borrowers waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting its liability hereunder or the enforcement hereof. Any payment by any Borrower or other circumstance which operates to toll any statute of limitations as to any Borrower shall operate to toll the statute of limitations as to each of the Borrowers. Each of the Borrowers waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any Borrower or any other Person, other than payment of the Obligations to the extent of such payment, based on or arising out of the disability of any Borrower or any other Person, or the validity, legality, or unenforceability of the Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Borrower other than payment 

92 173127432 of the Obligations to the extent of such payment. Agent may, at the election of the Required Lenders, foreclose upon any Collateral held by Agent by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales or other dispositions, whether or not every aspect of any such sale is commercially reasonable or otherwise fails to comply with applicable law or may exercise any other right or remedy Agent, any other member of the Lender Group, or any Bank Product Provider may have against any Borrower or any other Person, or any security, in each case, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any of the Borrowers hereunder except to the extent the Obligations have been paid. (f) Each Borrower represents and warrants to Agent and Lenders that such Borrower is currently informed of the financial condition of Borrowers and of all other circumstances which a diligent inquiry would reveal and which bear upon the risk of nonpayment of the Obligations. Each Borrower further represents and warrants to Agent and Lenders that such Borrower has read and understands the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents. Each Borrower hereby covenants that such Borrower will continue to keep informed of Borrowers financial condition and of all other circumstances which bear upon the risk of nonpayment or nonperformance of the Obligations. (g) The provisions of this Section 2.15 are made for the benefit of Agent, each member of the Lender Group, each Bank Product Provider, and their respective successors and assigns, and may be enforced by it or them from time to time against any or all Borrowers as often as occasion therefor may arise and without requirement on the part of Agent, any member of the Lender Group, any Bank Product Provider, or any of their successors or assigns first to marshal any of its or their claims or to exercise any of its or their rights against any Borrower or to exhaust any remedies available to it or them against any Borrower or to resort to any other source or means of obtaining payment of any of the Obligations hereunder or to elect any other remedy. The provisions of this Section 2.15 shall remain in effect until all of the Obligations shall have been paid in full or otherwise fully satisfied. If at any time, any payment, or any part thereof, made in respect of any of the Obligations, is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by Agent or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower, or otherwise, the provisions of this Section 2.15 will forthwith be reinstated in effect, as though such payment had not been made. (h) Each Borrower hereby agrees that it will not enforce any of its rights that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of the provisions of this Section 2.15, including rights of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of Agent, any other member of the Lender Group, or any Bank Product Provider against any Borrower, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including the right to take or receive from any Borrower, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until such time as all of the Obligations have been paid in full in cash. Any claim which any Borrower may have against any other Borrower with respect to any payments to any Agent or any member of the Lender Group hereunder or under any of the Bank Product Agreements are hereby expressly made subordinate and junior in right of payment, without limitation as to any increases in the Obligations arising hereunder or thereunder, to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations and, in the event of any insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, reorganization or other similar proceeding under the laws of any jurisdiction relating to any Borrower, its debts or its assets, whether voluntary or involuntary, all such Obligations shall be paid in full in cash before any payment or distribution of any character, whether in cash, securities or other property, shall be made to any other Borrower therefor. If any amount shall be paid to any Borrower in violation of the immediately preceding sentence, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers, and shall forthwith be paid to Agent to be credited and applied to the Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Agreement, whether matured or 

93 173127432 unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral for any Obligations or other amounts payable under this Agreement thereafter arising. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no Borrower may exercise any rights of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or other similar rights against, and may not proceed or seek recourse against or with respect to any property or asset of, any other Borrower (the Foreclosed Borrower ), including after payment in full of the Obligations, if all or any portion of the Obligations have been satisfied in connection with an exercise of remedies in respect of the Equity Interests of such Foreclosed Borrower whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 3. CONDITIONS; TERM OF AGREEMENT. 3.1 Conditions Precedent to the Initial Extension of Credit . The obligation of each Lender to make the initial extensions of credit provided for hereunder is subject to the fulfillment, to the satisfaction of Agent and each Lender, of each of the conditions precedent set forth on Schedule 3.1 to this Agreement (the making of such initial extensions of credit by a Lender being conclusively deemed to be its satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent). 3.2 Conditions Precedent to all Extensions of Credit . The obligation of the Lender Group (or any member thereof) to make any Revolving Loans hereunder (or to extend any other credit hereunder) at any time shall be subject to the following conditions precedent: (a) the representations and warranties of each Loan Party or its Subsidiaries contained in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on and as of the date of such extension of credit, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of such earlier date); and (b) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such extension of credit, nor shall either result from the making thereof. 3.3 Maturity. The Commitments shall continue in full force and effect for a term ending on the Maturity Date (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof). 3.4 Effect of Maturity. On the Maturity Date, all commitments of the Lender Group to provide additional credit hereunder shall automatically be terminated and all of the Obligations (other than Hedge Obligations) immediately shall become due and payable without notice or demand and Borrowers shall be required to repay all of the Obligations (other than Hedge Obligations) in full. No termination of the obligations of the Lender Group (other than payment in full of the Obl igations and termination of the Commitments) shall relieve or discharge any Loan Party of its duties, obligations, or covenants hereunder or under any other Loan Document and Agent s Liens in the Collateral shall continue to secure the Obligations and shall remain in effect until all Obligations have been paid in full. When all of the Obligations have been paid in full, Agent will, at Borrowers sole expense, execute and deliver any termination statements, lien releases, discharges of security interests, an d other similar discharge or release documents (and, if applicable, in recordable form) as are reasonably 

94 173127432 necessary to release, as of record, Agent s Liens and all notices of security interests and liens previously filed by Agent. 3.5 Early Termination by Borrowers. Borrowers have the option, at any time upon five Business Days prior written notice to Agent, to repay all of the Obligations in full and terminate the Commitments. The foregoing notwithstanding, (a) Borrowers may rescind termination notices relative to proposed payments in full of the Obligations with the proceeds of third party Indebtedness if the closing for such issuance or incurrence does not happen on or before the date of the proposed termination (in which case, a new notice shall be required to be sent in connection with any subsequent termination), and (b) Borrowers may extend the date of termination at any time with the consent of Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. In order to induce the Lender Group to enter into this Agreement, each Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to the Lender Group which shall be true, correct, and complete, in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof), as of the Closing Date, and shall be true, correct, and complete, in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof), as of the date of the making of each Revolving Loan (or other extension of credit) made thereafter, as though made on and as of the date of such Revolving Loan (or other extension of credit) (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of such earlier date), and such representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement: 4.1 Due Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries . (a) Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) is qualified to do business in any state where the failure to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) has all requisite power and authority to own and operate its properties, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to enter into the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby. (b) Set forth on Schedule 4.1(b) to this Agreement (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time to reflect changes resulting from transactions permitted under this Agreement) is a complete and accurate description of the authorized Equity Interests of each Loan Party, by class, and, as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, a description of the number of shares of each such class that are issued and outstanding. (c) Set forth on Schedule 4.1(c) to this Agreement (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time to reflect changes resulting from transactions permi tted under this Agreement), is a complete and accurate list of the Loan Parties direct and indirect Subsidiaries, showing: (i) the number of shares of each class of common and preferred Equity Interests authorized for each of such Subsidiaries, and (ii) the number and the percentage of the outstanding shares of each such class owned directly or indirectly by Administrative Borrower. All of the outstanding Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary has been validly issued and is fully paid and non-assessable. 

95 173127432 (d) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.1(d) to this Agreement, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, or calls relating to any shares of any Loan Party s or any of its Subsidiaries Equity Interests, including any right of conversion or exchange under any outstanding security or other instrument. No Loan Party is subject to any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to repurchase or otherwise acquire or retire any shares of its Equity Interests or any security convertible into or exchangeable for any of its Equity Interests. 4.2 Due Authorization; No Conflict. (a) As to each Loan Party, the execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Loan Party. (b) As to each Loan Party, the execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party do not and will not (i) violate any material provision of federal, state, or local law or regulation applicable to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Governing Documents of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or any order, judgment, or decree of any court or other Governmental Authority binding on any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any Material Contract or any other material agreement of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries where any such conflict, breach or default could individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien of any nature whatsoever upon any assets of any Loan Party, other than Permitted Liens, or (iv) require any approval of any holder of Equity Interests of a Loan Party or any approval or consent of any Person under any Material Contract or any other material agreement of any Loan Party, other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except, in the case of Material Contracts or other material agreements, for consents or approvals, the failure to obtain could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. 4.3 Governmental Consents. The execution, delivery, and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not require any registration with, consent, or approval of, or notice to, or other action with or by, any Governmental Authority, other than registrations, consents, approvals, notices, or other actions that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except for filings and recordings with respect to the Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to Agent for filing or recordation, as of the Closing Date. 4.4 Binding Obligations; Perfected Liens. (a) Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is a party thereto and is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited by equitable principles or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally. (b) Agent s Liens are validly created, perfected (other than (i) in respect of motor vehicles that are subject to a certificate of title, (ii) money, (iii) letter -of-credit rights (other than supporting obligations), (iv) commercial tort claims (other than those that, by the terms of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, are required to be perfected), and (v) any Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts not subject to a Control Agreement as permitted by Section 7(k)(iv) of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, and subject only to the filing of financing statements, the 

96 173127432 recordation of the Copyright Security Agreement (if any), and the recordation of the Mortgages, in each case, in the appropriate filing offices), and first-priority Liens, subject only to Permitted Liens which are non-consensual Permitted Liens, permitted purchase money Liens, the interests of lessors under Capital Leases or Liens in favor of the Third-Party Term Loan Agent and permitted pursuant to the terms hereof and the Intercreditor Agreement. 4.5 Title to Assets; No Encumbrances. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries has (a) good, sufficient and legal title to (in the case of fee interests in Real Property), (b) valid leasehold interests in (in the case of leasehold interests in real or personal property), and (c) good and, as applicable, marketable title to (in the case of all other personal property), all of their respective assets reflected in their most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1, in each case except for assets disposed of since the date of such financial statements to the extent permitted hereby. All of such assets are free and clear of Liens except for Permitted Liens. 4.6 Litigation. (a) There are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, after due inquiry, threatened in writing against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Schedule 4.6(b) to this Agreement sets forth a complete and accurate description of each of the actions, suits, or proceedings with asserted liabilities in excess of, or that could reasonably be expected to result in liabilities in excess of, 1,000,000 that, as of the Closing Date, is pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, after due inquiry, threatened against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 4.7 Compliance with Laws. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries (a) is in violation of any applicable laws, rules, regulations, executive orders, or codes (including Environmental Laws) that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (b) is subject to or in default with respect to any final judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, rules or regulations of any court or any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 4.8 No Material Adverse Effect. All historical financial statements relating to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries that have been delivered by Borrowers to Agent have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited financial statements, for the lack of footnotes and being subject to year-end audit adjustments) and present fairly in all material respects, the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries consolidated financial condition as of the date thereof and results of operations for the period then ended. Since March 31, 2022, no event, circumstance, or change has occurred that has or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 4.9 Solvency. (a) Each Loan Party is Solvent. (b) No transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of such Loan Party. 

97 173127432 4.10 Employee Benefits. (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.10, no Loan Party, none of their Subsidiaries, nor any of their ERISA Affiliates maintains or contributes to any Pension Plan. (b) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate, each Loan Party has complied in all material respects with ERISA, the IRC and all applicable laws regarding each Employee Benefit Plan. (c) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate, each Employee Benefit Plan is, and has been, maintained in substantial compliance with ERISA, the IRC, all applicable laws and the terms of each such Employee Benefit Plan. (d) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate, no liability to the PBGC (other than for the payment of current premiums which are not past due) by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has been incurred or is expected by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate to be incurred with respect to any Pension Plan. (e) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate, no Notification Event exists or has occurred in the past six years. (f) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate, no Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has provided any security under Section 436 of the IRC. 4.11 Environmental Condition. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.11 to this Agreement, (a) to each Borrower s knowledge, no Loan Party s nor any of its Subsidiaries properties or asset s has ever been used by a Loan Party, its Subsidiaries, or by previous owners or operators in the disposal of, or to produce, store, handle, treat, release, or transport, any Hazardous Materials, where such disposal, production, storage, handling, treatment, release or transport was in violation, in any material respect, of any applicable Environmental Law, (b) to each Borrower s knowledge, after due inquiry, no Loan Party s nor any of its Subsidiaries properties or assets has ever been designated or identified in any manner pursuant to any environmental protection statute as a Hazardous Materials disposal site, (c) no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries has received notice that a Lien arising under any Environmental Law has attached to any revenues or to any Real Property owned or operated by a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, and (d) no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective facilities or operations is subject to any outstanding written order, consent decree, or settlement agreement with any Person relating to any Environmental Law or Environmental Liability that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 4.12 Complete Disclosure. All factual information taken as a whole (other than forward- looking information and projections and information of a general economic nature and general information about the industry of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries) furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in writing to Agent or any Lender (including all information contained in the Schedules hereto or in the other Loan Documents) for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and all other such factual information taken as a whole (other than forward-looking information and projections and information of a general economic nature and general information about the industry of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries) hereafter furnished 

98 173127432 by or on behalf of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in writing to Agent or any Lender will be, true and accurate, in all material respects, on the date as of which such information is dated or certified and not incomplete by omitting to state any fact necessary to make such information (taken as a whole) not misleading in any material respect at such time in light of the circumstances under which such information was provided. The Projections delivered to Agent on November 9, 2022, represent, and as of the date on which any other Projections are delivered to Agent, such additional Projections represent, Borrowers good faith estimate, on the date such Projections are delivered, of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries future performance for the periods covered thereby based upon assumptions believed by Borrowers to be reasonable at the time of the delivery thereof to Agent (it being understood that such Projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and no assurances can be given that such Projections will be realized, and although reflecting Borrowers good faith estimate, projections or forecasts based on methods and assumptions which Borrowers believed to be reasonable at the time such Projections were prepared, are not to be viewed as facts, and that actual results during the period or periods covered by the Projections may differ materially from projected or estimated results). As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownershi p Certification is true and correct in all respects. 4.13 Patriot Act. To the extent applicable, each Loan Party is in compliance, in all material respects, with the (a) Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, and (b) Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act of 2001, as amended) (the Patriot Act ). 4.14 Indebtedness. Set forth on Schedule 4.14 to this Agreement is a true and complete list of all Indebtedness of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date that is to remain outstanding immediately after giving effect to the closing hereunder on the Closing Date and such Schedule accurately sets forth the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness as of the Closing Date. 4.15 Payment of Taxes. Except as otherwise permitted under Section 5.5, all Tax returns and reports of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries required to be filed by any of them have been timely filed, and all Taxes shown on such Tax returns to be due and payable and al l other Taxes upon a Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and upon their respective assets, income, businesses and franchises that are due and payable have been paid when due and payable. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries have made adequate provision in accordance with GAAP for all Taxes not yet due and payable. No Borrower knows of any proposed Tax assessment against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that is not being actively contested by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary diligently, in good faith, and by appropriate proceedings; provided, that such reserves or other appropriate provisions, if any, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made or provided therefor. 4.16 Margin Stock. Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any Margin Stock or is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. No part of the proceeds of the Loans made to Borrowers will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock or for any purpose that violates the 

99 173127432 provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors. Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries expects to acquire any Margin Stock. 4.17 Governmental Regulation. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to regulation under the Federal Power Act or the Investment Company Act of 1940 or under any other federal or state statute or regulation which may limit its ability to incur Indebtedness or which may otherwise render all or any portion of the Obligations unenforceable. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is a registered investment company or a company controlled by a registered investment company or a principal underwriter of a registered investment company as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. 4.18 OFAC; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any Sanctions. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of such Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, agent or Affiliate of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary (a) is a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity, (b) has any assets located in Sanctioned Entities, or (c) derives revenues from investments in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons or Sanctioned Entities. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of each such Loan Party, each direct or, officer, employee, agent and Affiliate of each such Loan Party and each such Subsidiary, is in compliance with all Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No proceeds of any Loan made or Letter of Credit issued hereunder will be used to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity, or otherwise used in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanction, Anti -Corruption Law or Anti-Money Laundering Law by any Person (including any Lender, Bank Product Provider, or other individual or entity participating in any transaction). 4.19 Employee and Labor Matters. There is (i) no unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries before any Governmental Authority and no grievance or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries which arises out of or under any collective barga ining agreement and that could reasonably be expected to result in a material liability, (ii) no strike, labor dispute, slowdown, stoppage or similar action or grievance pending or threatened in writing against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to result in a material liability, or (iii) to the knowledge of any Borrower, after due inquiry, no union representation question existing with respect to the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries and no union organizing activity taking place with respect to any of the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. None of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or similar state law, which remains unpaid or unsatisfied. The hours worked and payments made to employees of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable legal requirements, except to the extent such violations could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All material payments due from any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of Borrowers, except where the failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 4.20 Material Customers. Set forth on Schedule 4.20 (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement) are the Material Customers of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries as of the most recent date on which Borrowers provided the Compliance 

100 173127432 Certificate pursuant to Section 5.1; provided, that Borrowers may amend Schedule 4.20 to add additional Material Customers so long as such amendment occurs by written notice to Agent on the date that Borrowers provide the Compliance Certificate. 4.21 Leases. Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession under all leases material to their business and to which they are parties or under which they are operating, and, subject to Permitted Protests, all of such material leases are valid a nd subsisting and no material default by the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiaries exists under any of them. 4.22 Eligible Accounts; Eligible Credit Card Receivables . As to each Account that is identified by Borrowers as an Eligible Account or an Eligible Credit Card Receivable in a Borrowing Base Certificate submitted to Agent, such Account or Credit Card Receivable is (a) a bona fide existing payment obligation of the applicable Account Debtor created by the sale and delivery of Inventory or the rendition of services to such Account Debtor in the ordinary course of a Borrower s business, (b) owed to a Borrower without any known defenses, disputes, offsets, counterclaims, or rights of return or cancellation, other than any portion thereof reflected as being ineligible to the extent of any defenses, disputes, offsets, counterclaims, or rights of return or cancellation reflected in such Borrowing Base Certificate, (c) in the case of Accounts, not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria (other than any Agent-discretionary criteria) set forth in the definition of Eligible Accounts, and (d) in the case of Credit Card Receivables, not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria (other than any Agent -discretionary criteria) set forth in the definition of Eligible Credit Card Receivables. 4.23 Eligible Inventory. As to each item of Inventory that is identified by Borrowers as Eligible Finished Goods Inventory, Eligible Spare Parts Inventory, or Eligible In-Transit Inventory in a Borrowing Base Certificate submitted to Agent, such Inventory is (a) of good and merchantable quality, free from known defects, and (b) not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria (other than any Agent-discretionary criteria) set forth in the definition of Eligible Inventory (in the case of Eligible In-Transit Inventory, after giving effect to any exclusions therefrom specified in the definition of Eligible In-Transit Inventory). 4.24 [Reserved]. 4.25 Location of Inventory. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.25, the Inventory of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries is not stored with a bailee, warehouseman, or similar party and is located only at, or in-transit between, the locations identified on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement (as such Schedule may be updated pursuant to Section 5.14). 4.26 Inventory Records. Each Loan Party keeps correct and accurate records itemizing and describing the type, quality, and quantity of its and its Subsidiaries Inventory and the book value thereof. 4.27 [Reserved]. 4.28 Third-Party Term Loan Documents. Borrowers have delivered to Agent a complete and correct copy of the material Third-Party Term Loan Documents, including all schedules and exhibits thereto, executed on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date. The execution, delivery and performance of each of the Third-Party Term Loan Documents has been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of each Loan Party who is a party thereto. Each Third-Party Term Loan Document is the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party who is a party thereto, 

101 173127432 enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, in each case, except (i) as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights, and (ii) the availability of the remedy of specific performance or injunctive or other equitable relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. 4.29 Immaterial Subsidiary. None of the Immaterial Subsidiaries (a) owns any assets, (b) have any liabilities, and (c) engage in any business activity. 4.30 Hedge Agreements. On each date that any Hedge Agreement is executed by any Hedge Provider, Borrower and each other Loan Party satisfy all eligibility, suitability and other requirements under the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1, et seq., as in effect from time to time) and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulations. 4.31 Credit Card Arrangements. Set forth on Schedule 4.31 is a reasonably detailed description of all arrangements (including, without limitation, all Credit Card Agreements) as of the Closing Date to which any Loan Party is a party with respect to the processing and/or payment to such Loan Party of the proceeds of any credit card charges, debit card charges, and charge card charges for sales made by such Loan Party. 4.32 Material Contracts. Set forth on Schedule 4.32 (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement) is a reasonably detailed description of t he Material Contracts of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries as of the most recent date on which Borrowers provided the Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 5.1; provided, that Borrowers may amend Schedule 4.32 to add additional Material Contracts so long as such amendment occurs by written notice to Agent on the date that Borrowers provide the Compliance Certificate. Except for matters which, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Material Contract (other than those that have expired at the end of their normal terms) (a) is in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiary and, to each Borrower s knowledge, after due inquiry, each other Person that is a party thereto in accordance with its terms, (b) has not been otherwise amended or modified (other than amendments or modifications permitted by Section 6.6(b)), and (c) is not in default due to the action or inaction of the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiary. 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. Each Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the termination of all of the Commitments and payment in full of the Obligations: 5.1 Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates. Borrowers (a) will deliver to Agent, with copies to each Lender, each of the financial statements, reports, and other items set fort h on Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement no later than the times specified therein, (b) agree that no Subsidiary of a Loan Party will have a fiscal year different from that of Administrative Borrower, (c) agree to maintain a system of accounting that enables Borrowers to produce financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and (d) agree that they will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, (i) keep a reporting system that shows all additions, sales, claims, returns, and allowances with respect to their and t heir Subsidiaries sales, and (ii) maintain their billing systems and practices substantially as in effect as of the Closing Date and shall only make material modifications thereto with notice to, and with the consent of, Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, financial statements, reports, and other items required to be delivered pursuant to Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered 

102 173127432 electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (x) on which the Administrative Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Administrative Borrower s website on the Internet at https://www.nautilusinc.com/investors/sec-filings/; or (y) on the date which such documents are posted on the Administrative Borrower s behalf on EDGAR or another Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Agent); provided that: (1) the Borrowers shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Agent or any Lender that requests the Borrowers to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Agent or such Lender and (2) the Administrative Borrower shall notify the Agent and each Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in every instance, the Borrowers shall be required to provide paper copies of the Compliance Certificates required by Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement to the Agent. The Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Loan Parties with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 5.2 Reporting. Borrowers (a) will deliver to Agent (and if so requested by Agent, with copies for each Lender) each of the reports set forth on Schedule 5.2 to this Agreement at the times specified therein, and (b) agree to use commercially reasonable efforts in cooperation with Agent to facilitate and implement a system of electronic collateral reporting in order to provide electronic reporting of each of the items set forth on such Schedule. Borrowers and Agent hereby agree that the delivery of the Borrowing Base Certificate through the Agent s electronic platform or portal, subject to Agent s authentication process, by such other electronic method as may be approved by Agent from time to time in its sole discretion, or by such other electronic input of information necessary to calculate the Borrowing Base as may be approved by Agent from time to time in its sole discretion, shall in each case be deemed to satisfy the obligation of Borrowers to deliver such Borrowing Base Certificate, with the same legal effect as if such Borrowing Base Certificate had been manually executed by Borrowers and delivered to Agent. 5.3 Existence. Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.3 or Section 6.4, each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect such Person s valid existence and good standing in its jurisdiction of organization and, except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, good standing with respect to all other jurisdictions in which it is qualified to do business and any rights, franchises, permits, licenses, accreditations, authorizations, or other approvals material to their businesses. 5.4 Maintenance of Properties. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain and preserve all of its assets that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear, tear, casualty, and condemnation and Permitted Dispositions excepted (and except where the failure to so maintain and preserve assets could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect). 5.5 Taxes. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay in full before delinquency or before the expiration of any extension period all Taxes imposed, levied, or assessed against it, or any of its assets or in respect of any of its income, businesses, or franchises, 

103 173127432 other than Taxes not in excess of 500,000 outstanding at any time and other than to the extent that the validity of such Tax is the subject of a Permitted Protest. 5.6 Insurance. (a) Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at Borrowers expense, maintain insurance respecting each of each Loan Party s and its Subsidiaries assets wherever located, covering liabilities, losses or damages as are customarily are insured against by other Persons engaged in same or similar businesses and similarly situated and located. All such policies of insurance shall be with financially sound and reputable insurance companies acceptable to Agent (it being agreed that, as of the Closing Date, the Loan Parties existing insurance providers as set forth in the certificates of insurance delivered to Agent on or about the Closing Date shall be deemed to be acceptable to Agent) and in such amounts as is carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated and located and, in any event, in amount, adequacy, and scope reasonably satisfactory to Agent (it being agreed that the amount, adequacy, and scope of the policies of insurance of Borrowers in effect as of the Closing Date are acceptable to Agent). All property insurance policies are to be made payable to Agent for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, as their interests may appear, in case of loss, pursuant to a standard lender s loss payable endorsement with a standard non-contributory lender or secured party clause and are to contain such other provisions as Agent may reasonably require to fully protect the Lenders interest in the Collateral and to any payments to be made under such policies. All certificates of property and general liability insurance are to be delivered to Agent, with the lender s loss payable and additional insured endorsements in favor of Agent and shall provide for not less than thirty days (ten days in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to Agent of the exercise of any right of cancellation. Unless Borrowers provide Agent with evidence of the continuing insurance coverage required by this Agreement, Agent may purchase insurance at Borrowers expense to protect Agent s and Lenders interests in the Collateral. This insurance may, but need not, protect each Borrower s and each other Loan Party s interests. The coverage that Agent purchases may, but need not, pay any claim that is made against any Borrower or any other Loan Party in connection with the Collateral. Borrowers may later cancel any insurance purchased by Agent, but only after providing Agent with evidence that Borrowers have obtained the insurance coverage required by this Agreement. If Agent purchases insurance for the Collateral, as set forth above, Borrowers will be responsible for the costs of that insurance, including interest and any other charges that may be imposed with the placement of the insurance, until the effective date of the cancellation or expiration of the insurance and the costs of the insurance may be added to the principal amount of the Loans owing hereunder. The costs of the insurance may be more than the cost of insurance that Borrowers may be able to obtain on their own. (b) Borrowers shall give Agent prompt notice of any loss exceeding 500,000 covered by the casualty or business interruption insurance of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent shall have the sole right to file claims under any property and general liability insurance policies in respect of the Collateral, to receive, receipt and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement of any claims under any such insurance policies. (c) If at any time the area in which any Real Property that is subject to a Mortgage is located is designated a flood hazard area in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency), obtain flood insurance in such 

104 173127432 total amount and on terms that are satisfactory to Agent and all Lenders from time to time, and otherwise comply with the Flood Laws or as is otherwise satisfactory to Agent and all Lenders. 5.7 Inspection. (a) Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit Agent, any Lender, and each of their respective duly authorized representatives or agents to visit any of its properties and inspect any of its assets or books and records, to examine and make copies of its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances, and accounts with, and to be advised as to the same by, its officers and employees (provided, that an authorized representative of a Borrower shall be allowed to be present) at such reasonable times and intervals as Agent or any Lender, as applicable, may designate and, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is cont inuing, with reasonable prior notice to Borrowers and during regular business hours, at Borrowers expense in accordance with this Agreement and the provisions of the Fee Letter, subject to the limitations set forth below in Section 5.7(c). (b) Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit Agent and each of its duly authorized representatives or agents to conduct field examinations, appraisals or valuations at such reasonable times and intervals as Agent may designate, at Borrowers e xpense in accordance with this Agreement and the provisions of the Fee Letter, subject to the limitations set forth below in Section 5.7(c). (c) So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing during a calendar year, Borrowers shall not be obligated to reimburse Agent for more than (i) 2 field examinations in such calendar year (decreasing to 1 field examination per calendar year commencing with the calendar year beginning January 1, 2024) if Availability is not less than 30 of the Combined Line Cap (without giving effect to the Term Pushdown Reserve) at all times during such calendar year, (ii) 2 inventory appraisals in such calendar year (decreasing to 1 inventory appraisal) if per calendar year commencing with the calendar year beginning January 1, 2024 if Availability is not less than 30 of the Combined Line Cap (without giving effect to the Term Pushdown Reserve) at all times during such calendar year, in each case under this Section 5.7(c), except for the Field Exam (as defined in the definition of Borrowing Base) and field examinations and appraisals conducted in connection with a proposed Acquisition (whether or not consummated). For the avoidance of doubt, the appraisals and the commercial finance examination required in Schedule 3.1 to the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement shall not be included in the determination of whether appraisals or field examinations may be undertaken pursuant to this Section 5.7(c). 5.8 Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with the requirements of all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and orders of any Governmental Authority, other than laws, rules, regulations, and orders the non-compliance with which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 5.9 Environmental. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) Keep any property either owned or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries free of any Environmental Liens or post bonds or other financial assurances sufficient to satisfy the obligations or liability evidenced by such Environmental Liens, (b) Comply, in all material respects, with Environmental Laws and provide to Agent documentation of such compliance which Agent reasonably requests, 

105 173127432 (c) Promptly notify Agent of any release of which any Loan Party has knowledge of a Hazardous Material in any reportable quantity from or onto property owned or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries and take any Remedial Actions required to abate said release or otherwise to come into compliance, in all material respects, with applicable Environmental Law, and (d) Promptly, but in any event within five Business Days of its receipt thereof, provide Agent with written notice of any of the following: (i) notice that an Environmental Lien has been filed against any of the real or personal property of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (ii) commencement of any Environmental Action or written notice that an Environmental Action will be filed against a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, and (iii) written notice of a violation, citation, or other administrative order from a Governmental Authority. 5.10 Disclosure Updates. Each Loan Party will, promptly and in no event later than five Business Days after obtaining knowledge thereof, notify Agent if any written information, exhibit, or report furnished to Agent or the Lenders contained, at the time it was furnished, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which made. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, any notification pursuant to the foregoing provision will not cure or remedy the effect of the prior untrue statement of a material fact or omission of any material fact nor shall any such notification have the effect of amending or modifying this Agreement or any of the Schedules hereto. 5.11 Formation of Subsidiaries. Each Loan Party will, at the time that any Loan Party forms or acquires any direct or indirect Subsidiary after the Closing Date, within ten days of such event (or such later date as permitted by Agent in its sole discretion) (a) cause such new Subsidiary (i) if such Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary and Administrative Borrower requests, subject to the consent of Agent, that such Domestic Subsidiary be joined as a Borrower hereunder, to provide to Agent a Joinder to this Agreement, and (ii) to provide to Agent a joinder to the Guaranty and Security Agreement, in each case, together with such other security agreements (including Mortgages with respect to any Real Property owned in fee of such new Subsidiary with a fair market value of greater than 500,000), as well as appropriate financing statements (and with respect to all property subject to a Mortgage, fixture filings), all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent (including being sufficient to grant Agent a first-priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) in and to the assets of such newly formed or acquired Subsidiary (other than any assets expressly excluded from the Collateral (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement))); provided, that the Joinder, the joinder to the Guaranty and Security Agreement, and such other security agreements shall not be required to be provided to Agent with respect to any Subsidiary of any Loan Par ty that is a CFC if providing such agreements would result in material adverse tax consequences or the costs to the Loan Parties of providing such guaranty or such security agreements are unreasonably excessive (as determined by Agent in consultation with Borrowers) in relation to the benefits to Agent and the Lenders of the security or guarantee afforded thereby, (b) provide, or cause the applicable Loan Party to provide, to Agent a pledge agreement (or an addendum to the Guaranty and Security Agreement) and appropriate certificates and powers or financing statements, pledging all of the direct or beneficial ownership interest in such new Subsidiary in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent ; provided, that only 65 of the total outstanding voting Equity Interests of any Subsidiary (other than any Subsidiary that is, or may be, a Borrower) of a Loan Party that is a CFC shall be required to be pledged if pledging a greater amount would result in material adverse tax consequences or the costs to the Loan Parties of providing such pledge are unreasonably excessive (as determined by Agent in consultation with Borrowers) in relation to the benefits to Agent and the Lenders of the security afforded thereby (which pledge, if requested by Agent, shall be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction of such Subsidiary), provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in 

106 173127432 this Section 5.11, Borrowers shall provide Agent with a pledge of all of the direct or beneficial ownership interest in any Foreign Subsidiary which Borrowers provide to the Third-Party Term Loan Agent to secure any of the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations from time to time, which pledge shall be (i) subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) provided to Agent substantially concurrent with the pledge provided to the Third-Party Term Loan Agent and (iii) granted pursuant to documentation substantially similar to that provided to Third-Party Term Loan Agent (which, if required by Third-Party Term Loan Agent, may include pledge and security documentation governed by the laws of the jurisdiction of such Subsidiary) and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, and (c) provide to Agent all other documentation, including the Governing Documents of such Subsidiary and one or more opinions of counsel reasonably satisfactory to Agent, which, in its opinion, is appropriate with respect to the execution and delivery of the applicable documentation referred to above (including policies of title insurance, flood certification documentation or other documentation with respect to all Real Property owned in fee and subject to a Mortgage). Any document, agreement, or instrument executed or issued pursuant to this Section 5.11 shall constitute a Loan Document. 5.12 Further Assurances. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of the other Loan Parties to, at any time upon the reasonable request of Agent, execute or deliver to Agent any and all financing statements, fixture filings, security agreements, pledges, assignments, Mortgages, deeds of trust, opinions of counsel, and all other documents (the Additional Documents that Agent may reasonably request in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, to create, perfect, and continue perfected or to better perfect Agent s Liens in all of the assets of each of the Loan Parties (whether now owned or hereafter arising or acquired, tangible or intangible, real or personal) (other than any assets expressly excluded from the Collateral (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement) pursuant to Section 3 of the Guaranty and Security Agreement), to create and perfect Liens in favor of Agent in any Real Property acquired and owned in fee by any other Loan Party with a fair market value in excess of 500,000, and in order to fully consummate all of the transactions contemplated hereby and under the other Loan Documents; provided, that the foregoing shall not apply to any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is a CFC if providing such documents would result in material adverse tax consequences or the costs to the Loan Parties of providing such documents are unreasonably excessive (as determined by Agent in consultation with Borrowers) in relation to the benefits to Agent and the Lenders of the security afforded thereby. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, if any Borrower or any other Loan Party refuses or fails to execute or deliver any reasonably requested Additional Documents within a reasonable period of time not to exceed 5 Business Days following the request to do so, each Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby authorizes Agent to execute any such Additional Documents in the applicable Loan Party s name and authorizes Agent to file such executed Additional Documents in any appropriate filing office. In furtherance of, and not in limitation of, the foregoing, each Loan Party shall take such actions as Agent may reasonably request from time to time to ensure that the Obligations are guaranteed by the Guarantors and are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Loan Parties, including all of the outstanding capital Equity Interests of each Borrower and its Subsidiaries (in each case, other than with respect to any assets expressly excluded from the Collateral (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement) pursuant to Section 3 of the Guaranty and Security Agreement). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (including Section 5.11 hereof and this Section 5.12) or in any other Loan Document, (x) Agent shall not accept delivery of any Mortgage from any Loan Party unless each of the Lenders has received 45 days prior written notice thereof and Agent has received confirmation from each Lender that such Lender has completed its flood insurance diligence, has received copies of all flood insurance documentation and has confirmed that flood insurance compliance has been completed as required by the Flood Laws or as otherwise satisfactory to such Lender and (y) Agent shall not accept delivery of any joinder to any Loan Document with respect to any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Loan Party, if such Subsidiary that qualifies 

107 173127432 as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation unless such Subsidiary has delivered a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Subsidiary and Agent has completed its Patriot Act searches, OFAC/PEP searches and customary individual background checks for such Subsidiary, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent. 5.13 [Reserved]. 5.14 Location of Inventory; Chief Executive Office. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep (a) their Inventory only at the locations identified on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement (provided that Borrowers may amend Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement so long as such amendment occurs by written notice to Agent not less than ten days prior to the date on which such Inventory is moved to such new location and so long as Agent has consented to such amendment and such new location is within the continental United States), and (b) their respective chief executive offices only at the locations identified on Schedule 7 to the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Subject to Section 5.18, each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain Collateral Access Agreements for each of the locations identified on Schedule 7 to the Guaranty and Security Agreement and Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement. 5.15 Compliance with ERISA and the IRC. In addition to and without limiting the generality of Section 5.8, (a) comply in all material respects with applicable provisions of ERISA and the IRC with respect to all Employee Benefit Plans, (b) without the prior written consent of Agent and the Required Lenders, not take any action or fail to take action the result of which could result in a Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate incurring a material liability to the PBGC or to a Multiemployer Plan (other than to pay contributions or premiums payable in the ordinary course), (c) allow any facts or circumstances to exist with respect to one or more Employee Benefit Plans that, in the aggregate, reasonably could be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (d) not participate in any prohibited transaction that could result in other than a non-material civil penalty excise tax, fiduciary liability or correction obligation under ERISA or the IRC, (e) operate each Employee Benefit Plan in such a manner that will not incur any material tax liability under the IRC (including Section 4980B of the IRC), and (f) furnish to Agent upon Agent s written request such additional reasonable information about any Employee Benefit Plan for which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate could reasonably expect to incur any material liability. With respect to each Pension Plan, except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, individually or in the aggregate, the Loan Parties and the ERISA Affiliates shall (i) satisfy in full and in a timely manner, without incurring any late payment or underpayment charge or penalty and without giving rise to any Lien, all of the contribution and funding requirements of the IRC and of ERISA, and (ii) pay, or cause to be paid, to the PBGC in a timely manner, without incurring any late payment or underpayment charge or penalty, all premiums required pursuant to ERISA. 5.16 OFAC; Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws; Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply with all applicable Sanctions, Anti- Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries shall implement and maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates with Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 5.17 Material Contracts. Contemporaneously with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 5.1, Borrowers will provide Agent with copies of (a) each Material Contract entered into since the delivery of the previous Compliance Certificate, and (b) each material 

108 173127432 amendment or modification of any Material Contract entered into since the delivery of the previous Compliance Certificate. 5.18 Post-Closing Obligations. The Loan Parties will complete each of the tasks and other items set forth on Schedule 5.18 no later than the times specified therein or such later date as Agent may agree in writing. 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. Each Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the termination of all of the Commitments and the payment in full of the Obligations: 6.1 Indebtedness. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, suffer to exist, guarantee, or otherwise become or remain, directly or indirectly, liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except for Permitted Indebtedness. 6.2 Liens. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on or with respect to any of its assets, of any kind, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except for Permitted Liens. 6.3 Restrictions on Fundamental Changes. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (a) enter into any merger, consolidation, reorganization, or recapitalization, or reclassify its Equity Interests, except for (i) any merger between Loan Parties; provided, that a Borrower must be the surviving entity of any such merger to which it is a party, (ii) any merger between a Loan Party and a Subsidiary of such Loan Party that is not a Loan Party so long as such Loan Party is the surviving entity of any such merger, and (iii) any merger between Subsidiaries of any Loan Party that are not Loan Parties, (b) liquidate, wind up, or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), except for (i) the liquidation or dissolution of non-operating Subsidiaries of any Loan Party with nominal assets and nominal liabilities, (ii) the liquidation or dissolution of a Loan Party (other than any Borrower) or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries so long as all of the assets (including any interest in any Equity Interests) of such liquidating or dissolving Loan Party or Subsidiary are transferred to a Loan Party that is not liquidating or dissolving, or (iii) the liquidation or dissolution of a Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Loan Party (other than any such Subsidiary the Equity Interests of which (or any portion thereof) is subject to a Lien in favor of Agent) so long as all of the assets of such liquidating or dissolving Subsidiary are transferred to a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not liquidating or dissolving, (c) suspend or cease operating a substantial portion of its or their business, except as permitted pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) above or in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 6.4, or (d) change its classification/status for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 6.4 Disposal of Assets. Other than Permitted Dispositions or transactions expressly permitted by Sections 6.3 or 6.9, each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, convey, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, or otherwise Dispose of any of its or their assets 

109 173127432 (including by an allocation of assets among newly divided limited liability companies pursuant to a plan of division or pursuant to a Sale Leaseback or other sale-and-leaseback transaction). 6.5 Nature of Business. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any change in the nature of its or their business as described in Schedule 6.5 to this Agreement or acquire any properties or assets that are not reasonably related to the conduct of such business activities; provided, that the foregoing shall not prevent any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries from engaging in any business that is reasonably related or ancillary to its or their business. 6.6 Prepayments and Amendments. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (a) Except in connection with Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.1, (i) optionally prepay, redeem, defease, purchase, or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, other than (A) the Obligations in accordance with this Agreement, (B) the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations, in accordance with Section 6.6(a)(ii), (C) Hedge Obligations, or (D) to the extent not otherwise prohibited by the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, Permitted Intercompany Advances, or (ii) prepay, redeem, defease, purchase, or otherwise acquire any of the Indebtedness under the Third-Party Term Loan Documents, whether optionally or mandatorily (other than a refinancing of such Indebtedness permitted by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement); provided, that, in each case to the extent permitted by under the Intercreditor Agreement, Borrowers may: (A) repay the Indebtedness under Section 2.1(b) of the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement, repay the Indebtedness under Section 2.4(c) of the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement, or prepay the Indebtedness under Section 2.4(e) of the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement, in each case in accordance with the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement, and (B) prepay the Indebtedness under Section 2.4(d) of the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement in accordance with the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement and subject to satisfaction of the Payment Conditions, or (iii) make any payment on account of Indebtedness that has been contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations if such payment is not permitted a t such time under the subordination terms and conditions, or (b) Directly or indirectly, amend, modify, or change any of the terms or provisions of: (i) any agreement, instrument, document, indenture, or other writing evidencing or concerning Permitted Indebtedness other than (A) the Obligations in accordance with this Agreement, (B) Hedge Obligations, (C) subject to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, Permitted Intercompany Advances, (D) the Third-Party Term Loan Documents to the extent such amendment or modification is permitted without the consent of Agent by the Intercreditor Agreement, and (E) Indebtedness permitted under clauses (c), (h), (j) and (k) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, 

110 173127432 (ii) subject to the limited consent provided in Amendment No. 5, any Material Contract (other than the Pacific Direct License Agreement) except to the extent that such amendment, modification, or change could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders, (iii) any Credit Card Agreement except to the extent that such amendment, modification, or change could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders, (iv) the Governing Documents of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries if the effect thereof, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders, or (v) the Pacific Direct License Agreement, unless such amendment, modification, or change is permitted pursuant to the terms of the Pacific Direct Collateral Assignment. 6.7 Restricted Payments. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Restricted Payment; provided, that so long as it is permitted by law, (a) Administrative Borrower may make distributions to former employees, officers, or directors of Administrative Borrower (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) on account of redemptions of Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower held by such Persons; provided, that (i) the aggregate amount of such redemptions made by Administrative Borrower during the term of this Agreement plus the amount of Indebtedness outstanding under clause (l) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, does not exceed 250,000 in the aggregate, and (ii) if such distribution is made in cash, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (b) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, Administrative Borrower may make distributions to former employees, officers, or directors of Administrative Borrower (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing), solely in the form of forgiveness of Indebtedness of such Persons owing to Administrative Borrower on account of repurchases of the Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower held by such Persons; provided, that such Indebtedness was incurred by such Persons solely to acquire Equity Interests of Administrative Borrower, (c) Administrative Borrower s Subsidiaries may make distributions to Administrative Borrower (i) in an amount sufficient to pay franchise taxes and other fees required to maintain the legal existence of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries to the extent actually used by Administrative Borrower to pay such taxes, costs and expenses, and (ii) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, in an amount sufficient to pay out-of-pocket legal, accounting and filing costs and other expenses in the nature of overhead in the ordinary course of business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, (d) each of the Borrowers may declare and pay dividends with respect to its common stock payable solely in additional shares of its common stock, and, with respect to its preferred stock, payable solely in additional shares of such preferred stock or in shares of its common stock, or (e) any Subsidiary may make a Restricted Payment to a Borrower and any Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party may make a Restricted Payment to another Subsidiary. 

111 173127432 6.8 Accounting Methods. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, modify or change its fiscal year or its method of accounting (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP). 6.9 Investments. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make or acquire any Investment or incur any liabilities (including contingent obligations) for or in connection with any Investment except for Permitted Investments. 6.10 Transactions with Affiliates. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into or permit to exist any transaction with any Affiliate of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries except for: (a) transactions (other than (x) the payment of management, consulting, monitoring, or advisory fees and (y) intercompany activities in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices in respect of cost-plus arrangements and/or transfer pricing arrangements (which clauses (x) and (y) shall not be deemed to include any Special Foreign Subsidiary Investments)) between such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any Affiliate of such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, on the other hand, so long as such transactions (i) are fully disclosed to Agent prior to the consummation thereof, if they involve one or more payments by such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries to an Affiliate that is not a Loan Party in excess of 1,000,000 for any single transaction or series of related transactions, and (ii) are no less favorable, taken as a whole, to such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, than would be obtained in an arm s length transaction with a non-Affiliate, (b) any indemnity provided for the benefit of directors (or comparable managers) of a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries so long as it has been approved by such Loan Party s or such Subsidiary s board of directors (or comparable governing body) in accordance with applicable law, (c) the payment of reasonable compensation, severance, or employee benefit arrangements to employees, officers, and outside directors of a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and consistent with industry practice so long as it has been approved by such Loan Party s or such Subsidiary s board of directors (or comparable governing body) in accordance with applicable law, (d) (i) transactions solely among the Loan Parties, and (ii) transactions solely among Subsidiaries of Loan Parties that are not Loan Parties, (e) transactions permitted by Section 6.3, Section 6.7, or Section 6.9, or (f) agreements for the non-exclusive licensing of intellectual property, or distribution of products, in each case, among the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries for the purpose of the counterparty thereof operating its business, and agreements for the assignment of intellectual property from any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to any Loan Party; or (g) the execution and delivery of the Third-Party Term Loan Documents and the incurrence of the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations. 6.11 Use of Proceeds. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use the proceeds of any Loan made hereunder for any purpose other than (a) on the Closing Date, (i) to repay, in full, the outstanding principal, accrued interest, and accrued fees and expenses owing 

112 173127432 under or in connection with the Existing Credit Facility, and (ii) to pay the fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, in each case, as set forth in the Flow of Funds Agreement, and (b) thereafter, consistent with the terms and conditions hereof, for their lawful and permitted purposes; provided that (x) no part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used to purchase or carry any such Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such Margin Stock or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors, (y) no part of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit will be used, directly or, to Borrowers knowledge after due care and inquiry, indirectly, to make any payments to a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, to fund any investments, loans or contributions in, or otherwise make such proceeds available to, a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, to fund any operations, activities or business of a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, or in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person, and (z) that no part of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit will be used, directly or, to Borrowers knowledge after due care and inquiry, indirectly, in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Sanctions, Anti - Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 6.12 Limitation on Issuance of Equity Interests. Except for the issuance or sale of Qualified Equity Interests by Administrative Borrower, each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue or sell any of its Equity Interests. 6.13 Inventory with Bailees. Each Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, store its Inventory at any time with a bailee, warehouseman, or similar party except as set forth on Schedule 4.25 (as such Schedule may be amended in accordance with Section 5.14). 6.14 Acquisition of Third-Party Term Loan Debt. No Loan Party shall, and shall not permit any Subsidiary or Affiliate to purchase, redeem, tender for or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any Third-Party Term Loan Obligations. Any purchase, redemption or tender for the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations in contravention of this Section 6.14 shall be null and void. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6.14 is not intended and shall not prevent Borrower from making any payments or prepayments of the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement. 6.15 Employee Benefits. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to (a) Terminate, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to terminate, any Pension Plan in a manner, or take any other action with respect to any Plan, which could reasonably be expected to result in any material liability of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate to the PBGC. (b) Fail to make, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to fail to make, full payment when due of all amounts which, under the provisions of any Pension Plan, agreement relating thereto or applicable Law, any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate is required to pay if such failure could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (c) Permit to exist, or allow any ERISA Affiliate to permit to exist, any accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of section 302 of ERISA or section 412 of the Code, whether or not waived, with respect to any Plan which exceeds 2,000,000 with respect to all Pension Plans in the aggregate. 

113 173127432 (d) [Reserved]. (e) Contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to, any Multiemployer Plan not set forth on Schedule 4.10. (f) Amend, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to amend, a Pension Plan resulting in a material increase in current liability such that a Loan Party is required to provide security to such Pension Plan under the IRC. 6.16 Credit Card Agreements. Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any arrangements (including, without limitation, Credit Card Agreements) after the Closing Date with respect to the processing and/or payment to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary of the proceeds of any credit card charges, debit card charges, and charge card charges for sales made by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary other than those listed Schedule 4.31 unless Agent has received a Credit Card Notification with respect thereto. 6.17 Immaterial Subsidiary. Each Loan Party will not permit any Immaterial Subsidiary to (a) own any assets, (b) have any liabilities, or (c) engage in any business activity. 7. FINANCIAL COVENANTS. Each Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the termination of all of the Commitments and the payment in full of the Obligations: 7.1 Minimum Excess ABL Availability. Prior to the FCCR Financial Covenant Trigger Date, the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries shall at all times maintain Availability of not less than the greater of (a) the Applicable ABL Availability Amount and (b) 12.5 of the Combined Line Cap (excluding the effect, if any, of any Term Pushdown Reserve). 7.2 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. From and after the FCCR Financial Covenant Trigger Date, during the continuance of a Covenant Testing Period, the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries shall maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, calculated for the trailing twelve consecutive calendar months ending on the last day of the fiscal month most recently ended for which financial statements and a Compliance Certificate have been delivered pursuant to Schedule 5.1 prior to the occurrence of the Covenant Testing Period, and for each period of trailing twelve consecutive calendar months ending on the last day of each fiscal month thereafter, in each case of at least 1.00 to 1.00 . 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Any one or more of the following events shall constitute an event of default (each, an Event of Default under this Agreement: 8.1 Payments. If Borrowers fail to pay when due and payable, or when declared due and payable, (a) all or any portion of the Obligations consisting of interest, fees, or charges due the Lender Group, reimbursement of Lender Group Expenses, or other amounts (other than any portion thereof constituting principal) constituting Obligations (including any portion thereof that accrues after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), and such failure continues for a period of three 

114 173127432 Business Days, (b) all or any portion of the principal of the Loans, or (c) any amount payable to Issuing Bank in reimbursement of any drawing under a Letter of Credit; 8.2 Covenants. If any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries: (a) fails to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in any of (i) Sections 5.1, 5.2, 5.3 (solely if any Borrower is not in good standing in its jurisdiction of organization), 5.6, 5.7 (solely if any Borrower refuses to allow Agent or its representatives or agents to visit any Borrower s properties, inspect its assets or books or records, examine and make copies of its books and records, or discuss Borrowers affairs, finances, and accounts with officers and employees of any Borrower), 5.10, 5.11, 5.13, 5.16, or 5.18 of this Agreement, (ii) Section 6 of this Agreement, (iii) Section 7 of this Agreement, or (iv) Section 7 of the Guaranty and Security Agreement; (b) fails to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in any of Sections 5.3 (other than if any Borrower is not in good standing in its jurisdiction of organization), 5.4, 5.5, 5.8, 5.12, or 5.17 of this Agreement and such failure continues for a period of ten days after the earlier of (i) the date on which such failure shall first become known to any officer of any Borrower, or (ii) the date on which written notice thereof is given to Borrowers by Agent; or (c) fails to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in this Agreement, or in any of the other Loan Documents, in each case, other than any such covenant or agreement that is the subject of another provision of this Section 8 (in which event such other provision of this Section 8 shall govern), and such failure continues for a period of thirty days after the earlier of (i) the date on which such failure shall first become known to any officer of any Borrower, or (ii) the date on which written notice thereof is given to Borrowers by Agent; 8.3 Judgments. If one or more judgments, orders, or awards for the payment of money involving an aggregate amount of 1,000,000, or more (except to the extent fully covered (other than to the extent of customary deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has not denied coverage) is entered or filed against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or with respect to any of their respective assets, and either (a) there is a period of thirty consecutive days at any time after the entry of any such judgment, order, or award during which (i) the same is not discharged, satisfied, vacated, or bonded pending appeal, or (ii) a stay of enforcement thereof is not in effect, or (b) enforcement proceedings are commenced upon such judgment, order, or award; 8.4 Voluntary Bankruptcy, etc. If an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries; 8.5 Involuntary Bankruptcy, etc. If an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any of the following events occur: (a) such Loan Party or such Subsidiary consents to the institution of such Insolvency Proceeding against it, (b) the petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not timely controverted, (c) the petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not dismissed within sixty calendar days of the date of the filing thereof, (d) an interim trustee is appointed to take possession of all or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of, or to operate all or any substantial portion of the business of, such Loan Party or its Subsidiary, or (e) an order for relief shall have been issued or entered therein; 8.6 Default Under Other Agreements. If there is (a) an Event of Default (as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement) that has occurred, which Event of Default (as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement) has not been waived in writing by the Third-Party Term Loan 

115 173127432 Agent and the required Third-Party Term Loan Lenders in accordance with the terms of the Third- Party Term Loan Agreement, (b) a default in one or more agreements to which a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party with one or more third Persons relative to a Loan Party s or any of its Subsidiaries Indebtedness involving an aggregate amount of 2,000,000 or more (other than a default under the Third-Party Term Loan Documents), and such default (i) occurs at the final maturity of the obligations thereunder, or (ii) results in a right by such third Person, irrespective of whether exercised, to accelerate the maturity of such Loan Party s or its Subsidiary s obligations thereunder, or (c) a default in or an involuntary early termination of one or more Hedge Agreements to which a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party; 8.7 Representations, etc. If any warranty, representation, certificate, statement, or Record made herein or in any other Loan Document or delivered in writing to Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document proves to be untrue in any material respect (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of the date of issuance or making or deemed making thereof; 8.8 Guaranty. If the obligation of any Guarantor under the guaranty contained in the Guaranty and Security Agreement is limited or terminated by operation of law or by such Guarantor (other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) or if any Guarantor repudiates or revokes or purports to repudiate or revoke any such guaranty; 8.9 Security Documents. If the Guaranty and Security Agreement or any other Loan Document that purports to create a Lien, shall, for any reason, fail or cease to create a valid and perfected and, (except to the extent of Permitted Liens which are non-consensual Permitted Liens, permitted purchase money Liens or the interests of lessors under Capital Leases) first-priority Lien on the Collateral covered thereby, except (a) as a result of a disposition of the applicable Collateral in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, or (b) with respect to Collateral the aggregate value of which, for all such Collateral, does not exceed at any time, 1,000,000; 8.10 Loan Documents. The validity or enforceability of any Loan Document shall at any time for any reason (other than solely as the result of an action or failure to act on the part of Agent) be declared to be null and void, or a proceeding shall be commenced by a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries shall deny that such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document; or 8.11 Change of Control. A Change of Control shall occur, whether directly or indirectly. 8.12 ERISA. The occurrence of any of the following events: (a) any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate fails to make full payment when due of all amounts which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate is required to pay as contributions, installments, or otherwise to or with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, and such failure could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party in excess of 2,000,000, (b) an accumulated funding deficiency or funding shortfall in excess of 1,000,000 occurs or exists, whether or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan, individually or in the aggregate, (c) a Notification Event, which could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party in excess of 2,000,000, either individually or in the aggregate, or (d) any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate completely or partially withdraws from one or more Multiemployer Plans 

116 173127432 and incurs Withdrawal Liability in excess of 2,000,000 in the aggregate, or fails to make any Withdrawal Liability payment when due. 8.13 Credit Card Agreements. The occurrence of any of the following events: (a) any Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor shall send notice to any Borrower that it is ceasing to make or suspending payments to such Borrower of amounts due or to become due to such Borrower or shall cease or suspend such payments, or shall send notice to such Borrower that it is terminating its arrangements with such Borrower or such arrangements shall terminate as a result of any event of default under such arrangements, which continues for more than the applicable cure period, if any, with respect thereto, unless such Borrower shall have entered into arrangements with another Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor, as the case may be, within 60 days after the date of any such notice, or (b) any Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor withholds payment of amounts otherwise payable to a Borrower to fund a reserve account or otherwise hold as collateral, or shall require a Borrower to pay funds into a reserve account or for such Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor to otherwise hold as collateral, or any Borrower shall provide a letter of credit, guarantee, indemnity or similar instrument to or in favor of such Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processors such that in the aggregate all of such funds in the reserve account, other than amounts held as collateral and the amount of such letters of credit, guarantees, indemnities or similar instruments shall exceed an amount equal to or exceeding 10 of the Credit Card Receivables processed by such Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor in the immediately preceding fiscal year. 8.14 Inventory Letter Agreement. Nautilus or any Foreign Subsidiary fails to comply with the terms of the Inventory Letter Agreement or repudiates or terminates or purports to repudiate or terminate the Inventory Letter Agreement. 8.15 Intercreditor Provisions. (a) Prior to the Discharge of Term Obligations (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), the Intercreditor Agreement or any provision thereof (the Intercreditor Provisions shall, in whole or in part, terminate or otherwise fail or cease to be valid and binding on, or enforceable against, any Loan Party, the Third-Party Term Loan Agent or any holder of the Third-Party Term Loan Obligations (or any Loan Party, the Third-Party Term Loan Agent or any such holder shall so state in writing); or (b) any provision of the Intercreditor Agreement shall, at any time after the delivery of such Intercreditor Agreement, fail to be legally valid, binding, or enforceable. 8.16 Breach of Contractual Obligation. Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Material Contract or fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Material Contract or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs with respect thereto, the effect of which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 8.17 Material Customers. All or substantially all of the transactional relationship between a Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, and any Material Customer is terminated by such Material Customer, and the loss of such relationship would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 9. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. 9.1 Rights and Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Agent may, and, at the instruction of the Required Lenders, shall, in addition to any other 

117 173127432 rights or remedies provided for hereunder or under any other Loan Document or by applicable law, do any one or more of the following: (a) by written notice to Borrowers, (i) declare the principal of, and any and all accrued and unpaid interest and fees in respect of, the Loans and all other Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations), whether evidenced by this Agreement or by any of the other Loan Documents to be immediately due and payable, whereupon the same shall become and be immediately due and payable and Borrowers shall be obligated to repay all of such Obligations in full, without presentment, demand, protest, or further notice or other requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower, and (ii) direct Borrowers to provide (and Borrowers agree that upon receipt of such notice Borrowers will provide) Letter of Credit Collateralization to Agent to be held as security for Borrowers reimbursement obligations for drawings that may subsequently occur under issued and outstanding Letters of Credit; (b) by written notice to Borrowers, declare the Commitments terminated, whereupon the Commitments shall immediately be terminated together with (i) any obl igation of any Revolving Lender to make Revolving Loans, (ii) the obligation of the Swing Lender to make Swing Loans, and (iii) the obligation of Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit; and (c) exercise all other rights and remedies available to Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents, under applicable law, or in equity. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 8.4 or Section 8.5, in addition to the remedies set forth above, without any notice to Borrowers or any other Person or any act by the Lender Group, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations), inclusive of the principal of, and any and all accrued and unpaid interest and fees in respect of, the Loans and all other Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations), whether evidenced by this Agreement or by any of the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become and be immediately due and payable and Borrowers shall automatically be obligated to repay all of such Obligations in full (including Borrowers being obligated to provide (and Borrowers agree that they will provide) (1) Letter of Credit Collateralization to Agent to be held as security for Borrowers reimbursement obligations in respect of drawings that may subsequently occur under issued and outstanding Letters of Credit and (2) Bank Product Collateralization to be held as security for Borrowers or their Subsidiaries obligations in respect of outstanding Bank Products), without presentment, demand, protest, or notice or other requirements of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by Borrowers. 9.2 Remedies Cumulative. The rights and remedies of the Lender Group under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and all other agreements shall be cumulative. The Lender Group shall have all other rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as provided under the Code, by law, or in equity. No exercise by the Lender Group of one right or remedy shall be deemed an election, and no waiver by the Lender Group of any Default or Event of Default shall be deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by the Lender Group shall constitute a waiver, election, or acquiescence by it. 10. WAIVERS; INDEMNIFICATION. 10.1 Demand; Protest; etc. Each Borrower waives demand, protest, notice of protest, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, nonpayment at maturity, release, 

118 173127432 compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees at any time held by the Lender Group on which any Borrower may in any way be liable. 10.2 The Lender Group s Liability for Collateral . Each Borrower hereby agrees that: (a) so long as Agent complies with its obligations, if any, under the Code, the Lender Group shall not in any way or manner be liable or responsible for: (i) the safekeeping of the Collateral, (ii) any loss or damage thereto occurring or arising in any manner or fashion from any cause, (iii) any diminution in the value thereof, or (iv) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, forwarding agency, or other Person, and (b) all risk of loss, damage, or destruction of the Collateral shall be borne by the Loan Parties. 10.3 Indemnification. Each Borrower shall pay, indemnify, defend, and hold the Agent- Related Persons, the Lender-Related Persons, the Issuing Bank, and each Participant (each, an Indemnified Person harmless (to the fullest extent permitted by law) from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings, liabilities, fines, costs, penalties, and damages, and all reasonable fees and disbursements of attorneys, experts, or consultants and all other costs and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith or in connection with the enforcement of this indemnification (as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought), at any time asserted against, imposed upon, or incurred by any of them (a) in connection with or as a result of or related to the execution and delivery (provided, that Borrowers shall not be liable for costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) of any Lender (other than Wells Fargo) incurred in advising, structuring, drafting, reviewing, administering or syndicating the Loan Documents), enforcement, performance, or administration (including any restructuring or workout with respect hereto) of this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the monitoring of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents (provided, that the indemnification in this clause (a) shall not extend to (i) disputes solely between or among the Lenders that do not involve any acts or omissions of any Loan Party, or (ii) disputes solely between or among the Lenders and their respective Affiliates that do not involve any acts or omissions of any Loan Party; it being understood and agreed that the indemnification in this clause (a) shall extend to Agent (but not the Lenders unless the dispute involves an act or omission of a Loan Party) relative to disputes between or among Agent on the one hand, and one or more Lenders, or one or more of their Affiliates, on the other hand, or (iii) any claims for Taxes, which shall be governed by Section 16, other than Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim), (b) with respect to any actual or prospective investigation, litigation, or proceeding related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the making of any Loans or issuance of any Letters of Credit hereunder, or the use of the proceeds of the Loans or the Letters of Credit provided hereunder (irrespective of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto), or any act, omission, event, or circumstance in any manner related thereto, and (c) in connection with or arising out of any presence or release of Hazardous Materials at, on, under, to or from any assets or properties owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any Environmental Actions, Environmental Liabilities or Remedial Actions related in any way to any such assets or properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (each and all of the foregoing, the Indemnified Liabilities ). The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, no Borrower shall have any obligation to any Indemnified Person under this Section 10.3 with respect to any Indemnified Liability that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person or its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, or agents. This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment in full of the Obligations. If any Indemnified Person makes any payment to any other Indemnified Person with respect to an Indemnified Liability as to which Borrowers were required to indemnify the Indemnified Person receiving such payment, the Indemnified Person making such payment is entitled to be indemnified and reimbursed by Borrowers with respect thereto. WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE FOREGOING 

119 173127432 INDEMNITY SHALL APPLY TO EACH INDEMNIFIED PERSON WITH RESPECT TO INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES WHICH IN WHOLE OR IN PART ARE CAUSED BY OR ARISE OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENT ACT OR OMISSION OF SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSON OR OF ANY OTHER PERSON. 11. NOTICES. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices or demands relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be in writing and (except for financial statements and other informational documents which may be sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid) shall be personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), overnight courier, electronic mail (at such email addresses as a party may designate in accordance herewith), or telefacsimile. In the case of notices or demands to any Loan Party or Agent, as the case may be, they shall be sent to the respective address set forth below: If to any Loan Party: c/o Administrative Borrower Nautilus, Inc. 17750 S.E. 6th Way Vancouver, Washington 98963 Attn: Aina Konold, Chief Financial Officer Email: akonold@nautilus.com Fax no.: 360-859-8357 Attn: Alan Chan, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Email: achan@nautilus.com Fax no.: 360-859-2511 with copies to: Sidley Austin LLP 787 Seventh Avenue New York, New York 10019 Attn: Leslie Plaskon Email: lplaskon@sidley.com Fax No.: 212-839-5599 If to Agent: Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 10 S. Wacker Drive, 26th Floor Chicago, Illinois 60606 Attn: Loan Portfolio Manager (Nautilus) Fax No.: 312-332-0424 with copies to: McGuireWoods LLP 77 W. Wacker Drive, Suite 4100 Chicago, Illinois 60601 Attn: Philip J. Perzek Fax No.: 312-698-4555 Any party hereto may change the address at which they are to receive notices hereunder, by notice in writing in the foregoing manner given to the other party. All notices or demands sent in accordance with this Section 11, shall be deemed received on the earlier of the date of actual receipt or three Business Days after 

120 173127432 the deposit thereof in the mail; provided, that (a) notices sent by overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received, (b) notices by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient) and (c) notices by electronic mail shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgment). 12. CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER; JUDICIAL REFERENCE PROVISION. (a) THE VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN ANOTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN RESPECT OF SUCH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT), THE CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION, AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF AND THEREOF, THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THERETO WITH RESPECT TO ALL MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES OR DISPUTES ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO SHALL BE DETERMINED UNDER, GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS. (b) THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE TRIED AND LITIGATED ONLY IN THE STATE AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF COOK, STATE OF ILLINOIS; PROVIDED, THAT ANY SUIT SEEKING ENFORCEMENT AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE BROUGHT, AT AGENT S OPTION, IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION WHERE AGENT ELECTS TO BRING SUCH ACTION OR WHERE SUCH COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE FOUND. EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT EACH MAY HAVE TO ASSERT THE DOCTRINE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS OR TO OBJECT TO VENUE TO THE EXTENT ANY PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS SECTION 12(b). (c) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS, IF ANY, TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS (EACH A CLAIM ). EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP REPRESENT THAT EACH HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER AND EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT. (d) EACH BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE 

121 173127432 AND FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF COOK AND THE STATE OF ILLINOIS, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT AGENT MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. (e) NO CLAIM MAY BE MADE BY ANY PARTY HERETO AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO, OR ANY AFFILIATE, DIRECTOR, OFFICER, EMPLOYEE, COUNSEL, REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT, OR ATTORNEY-IN-FACT OR ANY OF THEM FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR LOSSES IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY ACT, OMISSION, OR EVENT OCCURRING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, AND EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, RELEASES, AND AGREES NOT TO SUE UPON ANY CLAIM FOR SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT ACCRUED AND WHETHER OR NOT KNOWN OR SUSPECTED TO EXIST IN ITS FAVOR. (f) IN THE EVENT ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING IS FILED IN A COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA (THE COURT BY OR AGAINST ANY PARTY HERETO IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIM AND THE WAIVER SET FORTH IN CLAUSE (c) ABOVE IS NOT ENFORCEABLE IN SUCH PROCEEDING, THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE AS FOLLOWS: (i) WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE MATTERS SPECIFIED IN SUBCLAUSE (ii) BELOW, ANY CLAIM SHALL BE DETERMINED BY A GENERAL REFERENCE PROCEEDING IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE SECTIONS 638 THROUGH 645.1. THE PARTIES INTEND THIS GENERAL REFERENCE AGREEMENT TO BE SPECIFICALLY ENFORCEABLE. VENUE FOR THE REFERENCE PROCEEDING SHALL BE IN THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. (ii) THE FOLLOWING MATTERS SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO A GENERAL REFERENCE PROCEEDING: (A) NON-JUDICIAL FORECLOSURE OF ANY SECURITY INTERESTS IN REAL OR PERSONAL PROPERTY, (B) EXERCISE OF SELF- HELP REMEDIES (INCLUDING SET-OFF OR RECOUPMENT), (C) APPOINTMENT OF A RECEIVER, AND (D) TEMPORARY, PROVISIONAL, OR ANCILLARY REMEDIES (INCLUDING WRITS OF ATTACHMENT, WRITS OF POSSESSION, TEMPORARY RESTRAINING ORDERS, OR PRELIMINARY INJUNCTIONS). THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT LIMIT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO EXERCISE OR OPPOSE ANY OF THE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES DESCRIBED IN CLAUSES (A) THROUGH (D) AND ANY SUCH EXERCISE OR OPPOSITION DOES NOT WAIVE THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO PARTICIPATE IN A REFERENCE PROCEEDING PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER MATTER. 

122 173127432 (iii) UPON THE WRITTEN REQUEST OF ANY PARTY, THE PARTIES SHALL SELECT A SINGLE REFEREE, WHO SHALL BE A RETIRED JUDGE OR JUSTICE. IF THE PARTIES DO NOT AGREE UPON A REFEREE WITHIN TEN DAYS OF SUCH WRITTEN REQUEST, THEN, ANY PARTY SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO REQUEST THE COURT TO APPOINT A REFEREE PURSUANT TO CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE SECTION 640(b). THE REFEREE SHALL BE APPOINTED TO SIT WITH ALL OF THE POWERS PROVIDED BY LAW. PENDING APPOINTMENT OF THE REFEREE, THE COURT SHALL HAVE THE POWER TO ISSUE TEMPORARY OR PROVISIONAL REMEDIES. (iv) EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE REFEREE SHALL DETERMINE THE MANNER IN WHICH THE REFERENCE PROCEEDING IS CONDUCTED INCLUDING THE TIME AND PLACE OF HEARINGS, THE ORDER OF PRESENTATION OF EVIDENCE, AND ALL OTHER QUESTIONS THAT ARISE WITH RESPECT TO THE COURSE OF THE REFERENCE PROCEEDING. ALL PROCEEDINGS AND HEARINGS CONDUCTED BEFORE THE REFEREE, EXCEPT FOR TRIAL, SHALL BE CONDUCTED WITHOUT A COURT REPORTER, EXCEPT WHEN ANY PARTY SO REQUESTS A COURT REPORTER AND A TRANSCRIPT IS ORDERED, A COURT REPORTER SHALL BE USED AND THE REFEREE SHALL BE PROVIDED A COURTESY COPY OF THE TRANSCRIPT. THE PARTY MAKING SUCH REQUEST SHALL HAVE THE OBLIGATION TO ARRANGE FOR AND PAY THE COSTS OF THE COURT REPORTER; PROVIDED, THAT SUCH COSTS, ALONG WITH THE REFEREE S FEES, SHALL ULTIMATELY BE BORNE BY THE PARTY WHO DOES NOT PREVAIL, AS DETERMINED BY THE REFEREE. (v) THE REFEREE MAY REQUIRE ONE OR MORE PREHEARING CONFERENCES. THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE ENTITLED TO DISCOVERY, AND THE REFEREE SHALL OVERSEE DISCOVERY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RULES OF DISCOVERY, AND SHALL ENFORCE ALL DISCOVERY ORDERS IN THE SAME MANNER AS ANY TRIAL COURT JUDGE IN PROCEEDINGS AT LAW IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. (vi) THE REFEREE SHALL APPLY THE RULES OF EVIDENCE APPLICABLE TO PROCEEDINGS AT LAW IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA AND SHALL DETERMINE ALL ISSUES IN ACCORDANCE WITH CALIFORNIA SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL LAW. THE REFEREE SHALL BE EMPOWERED TO ENTER EQUITABLE AS WELL AS LEGAL RELIEF AND RULE ON ANY MOTION WHICH WOULD BE AUTHORIZED IN A TRIAL, INCLUDING MOTIONS FOR DEFAULT JUDGMENT OR SUMMARY JUDGMENT. THE REFEREE SHALL REPORT HIS OR HER DECISION, WHICH REPORT SHALL ALSO INCLUDE FINDINGS OF FACT AND CONCLUSIONS OF LAW. THE REFEREE SHALL ISSUE A DECISION AND PURSUANT TO CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE, SECTION 644, THE REFEREE S DECISION SHALL BE ENTERED BY THE COURT AS A JUDGMENT IN THE SAME MANNER AS IF THE ACTION HAD BEEN TRIED BY THE COURT. THE FINAL JUDGMENT OR ORDER FROM ANY APPEALABLE DECISION OR ORDER ENTERED BY THE REFEREE SHALL BE FULLY APPEALABLE AS IF IT HAS BEEN ENTERED BY THE COURT. (vii) THE PARTIES RECOGNIZE AND AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS RESOLVED IN A GENERAL REFERENCE PROCEEDING PURSUANT HERETO WILL BE DECIDED BY A REFEREE AND NOT BY A JURY. AFTER CONSULTING (OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT) WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR OWN 

123 173127432 CHOICE, EACH PARTY HERETO KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY AND FOR THEIR MUTUAL BENEFIT AGREES THAT THIS REFERENCE PROVISION SHALL APPLY TO ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM THAT ARISES OUT OF OR IS RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. 13. ASSIGNMENTS AND PARTICIPATIONS; SUCCESSORS. 13.1 Assignments and Participations. (a) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (a)(ii) below, any Lender may assign and delegate all or any portion of its rights and duties under the Loan Documents (including the Obligations owed to it and its Commitments) to one or more assignees so long as such prospective assignee is an Eligible Transferee (each, an Assignee ), with the prior written consent (such consent not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of: (A) Borrowers; provided, that no consent of Borrowers shall be required (1) if a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or (2) in connection with an assignment to a Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate (other than natural persons) of a Lender; provided further, that Borrowers shall be deemed to have consented to a proposed assignment unless they object thereto by written notice to Agent within five Business Days after having received notice thereof; and (B) Agent, Swing Lender, and Issuing Bank. (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: (A) no assignment may be made (I) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to a Disqualified Institution, or (II) to a natural person, (B) no assignment may be made to a Loan Party or an Affiliate of a Loan Party, (C) the amount of the Commitments and the other rights and obligations of the assigning Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to Agent) shall be in a minimum amount (unless waived by Agent) of 5,000,000 (except such minimum amount shall not apply to (I) an assignment or delegation by any Lender to any other Lender, an Affiliate of any Lender, or a Related Fund of such Lender, or (II) a group of new Lenders, each of which is an Affiliate of each other or a Related Fund of such new Lender to the extent that the aggregate amount to be assigned to all such new Lenders is at least 5,000,000), (D) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proport ionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, (E) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to Agent an Assignment and Acceptance; provided, that Borrowers and Agent may continue to deal solely and directly with the assigning Lender in connection with the interest so assigned to an Assignee until written notice of such assignment, together with payment instructions, addresses, and related information with respect to the Assignee, have been given to Borrowers and Agent by such Lender and the Assignee, 

124 173127432 (F) unless waived by Agent, the assigning Lender or Assignee has paid to Agent, for Agent s separate account, a processing fee in the amount of 3,500, and (G) the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in a form approved by Agent (the Administrative Questionnaire ). (b) From and after the date that Agent receives the executed Assignment and Acceptance and, if applicable, payment of the required processing fee, (i) the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, shall be a Lender and shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, and (ii) the assigning Lender shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights (except with respect to Section 10.3) and be released from any future obligations under this Agreement (and in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto and thereto); provided, that nothing contained herein shall release any assigning Lender from obligations that survive the termination of this Agreement, including such assigning Lender s obligations under Section 15 and Section 17.9(a). (c) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender thereunder and the Assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto, (ii) such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or the performance or observance by any Loan Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto, (iii) such Assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance, (iv) such Assignee will, independently and without reliance upon Agent, such assigning Lender or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement, (v) such Assignee appoints and authorizes Agent to take such actions and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to Agent, by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, and (vi) such Assignee agrees that it will perform all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. (d) Immediately upon Agent s receipt of the required processing fee, if applicable, and delivery of notice to the assigning Lender pursuant to Section 13.1(b), this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to the extent, but only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of the Assignee and the resulting adjustment of the Commitments arising therefrom. The Commitment allocated to each Assignee shall reduce such Commitments of the assigning Lender pro tanto. (e) Any Lender may at any time sell to one or more commercial banks, financial institutions, or other Persons (a Participant participating interests in all or any portion of its Obligations, its Commitment, and the other rights and interests of that Lender (the Originating Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; provided, that (i) the Originating Lender 

125 173127432 shall remain a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the Participant receiving the participating interest in the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and interests of the Originating Lender hereunder shall not constitute a Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents and the Originating Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) the Originating Lender shall remain solely responsible for the performance of such obligations, (iii) Borrowers, Agent, and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with the Originating Lender in connection with the Originating Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (iv) no Lender shall transfer or grant any participating interest under which the Participant has the right to approve any amendment to, or any consent or waiver with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except to the extent such amendment to, or consent or waiver with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document would (A) extend the final maturity date of the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is participating, (B) reduce the interest rate applicable to the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is participating, (C) release all or substantially all of the Collateral or guaranties (except to the extent expressly provided herein or in any of the Loan Documents) supporting the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is participating, (D) postpone the payment of, or reduce the amount of, the interest or fees payable to such Participant through such Lender (other than a waiver of default interest), or (E) decrease the amount or postpone the due dates of scheduled principal repayments or prepayments or premiums payable to such Participant through such Lender, (v) no participation shall be sold to a natural person, (vi) no participation shall be sold to a Loan Party or an Affiliate of a Loan Party, and (vii) all amounts payable by Borrowers hereunder shall be determined as if such Lender had not sold such participation, except that, if amounts outstanding under this Agreement are due and unpaid, or shall have been declared or shall have become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, each Participant shall be deemed to have the right of set off in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under this Agreement. The rights of any Participant only shall be derivative through the Originating Lender with whom such Participant participates and no Participant shall have any rights under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any direct rights as to the other Lenders, Agent, Borrowers, the Collateral, or otherwise in respect of the Obligations. No Participant shall have the right to participate directly in the making of decisions by the Lenders among themselves. (f) In connection with any such assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation or any grant of a security interest in, or pledge of, its rights under and interest in this Agreement, a Lender may, subject to the provisions of Section 17.9, disclose all documents and information which it now or hereafter may have relating to any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses. (g) Any other provision in this Agreement notwithstanding, any Lender may at any time create a security interest in, or pledge, all or any portion of its rights under and interest in this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Federal Reserve Bank or U.S. Treasury Regulation 31 CFR 203.24, and such Federal Reserve Bank may enforce such pledge or security interest in any manner permitted under applicable law; provided, that no such pledge shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. (h) Agent (as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of Borrowers) shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, a register (the Register on which it enters the name and address of each Lender as the registered owner of the Revolver Commitments (and the principal amount thereof and stated interest thereon) held by such Lender (each, a Registered Loan ). Other than in connection 

126 173127432 with an assignment by a Lender of all or any portion of its Revolver Commitments to an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender (i) a Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide) and (ii) any assignment or sale of all or part of such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register, together with the surrender of the registered note, if any, evidencing the same duly endorsed by (or accompanied by a written instrument of assignment or sale duly executed by) the holder of such registered note, whereupon, at the request of the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s), one or more new registered notes in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s). Prior to the registration of assignment or sale of any Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any evidencing the same), Borrowers shall treat the Person in whose name such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) is registered as the owner thereof for the purpose of receiving all payments thereon and for all other purposes, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In the case of any assignment by a Lender of all or any portion of its Revolver Commitments to an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender, and which assignment is not recorded in the Register, the assigning Lender, on behalf of Borrowers, shall maintain a register comparable to the Register. (i) In the event that a Lender sells participations in the Registered Loan, such Lender, as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of Borrowers, shall maintain (or cause to be maintained) a register on which it enters the name of all participants in the Registered Loans held by it (and the principal amount (and stated interest thereon) of the portion of such Registered Loans that is subject to such participations) (the Participant Register ). A Registered Loan (and the Registered Note, if any, evidencing the same) may be participated in whole or in part only by registration of such participation on the Participant Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide). Any participation of such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by the registration of such participation on the Participant Register. No Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of c redit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaini ng a Participant Register. (j) Agent shall make a copy of the Register (and each Lender shall make a copy of its Participant Register to the extent it has one) available for review by Borrowers from time to time as Borrowers may reasonably request. 13.2 Successors. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of each of the parties; provided, that no Borrower may assign this Agreement or any rights or duties hereunder without the Lenders prior written consent and any prohibited assignment shall be absolutely void ab initio. No consent to assignment by the Lenders shall release any Borrower from its Obligations. A Lender may assign this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and its rights and duties hereunder and thereunder pursuant to Section 13.1 and, except as 

127 173127432 expressly required pursuant to Section 13.1, no consent or approval by any Borrower is required in connection with any such assignment. 14. AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. 14.1 Amendments and Waivers. (a) No amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than the Fee Letter), and no consent with respect to any departure by any Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders (or by Agent at the written request of the Required Lenders) and the Loan Parties that are party thereto and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective, but only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, that no such waiver, amendment, or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all of the Lenders directly affected thereby and all of the Loan Parties that are party thereto, do any of the following: (i) increase the amount of or extend the expiration date of any Commitment of any Lender or amend, modify, or eliminate the last sentence of Section 2.4(c), (ii) postpone or delay any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees, or other amounts due hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest on, any loan or other extension of credit hereunder, or reduce any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document (except (A) in connection with the waiver of applicability of Section 2.6(c) (which waiver shall be effective with the written consent of the Required Lenders), and (B) that any amendment or modification of defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or a reduction of fees for purposes of this clause (iii)), (iv) amend, modify, or eliminate this Section or any provision of this Agreement providing for consent or other action by all Lenders, (v) amend, modify, or eliminate Section 3.1 or 3.2, (vi) amend, modify, or eliminate Section 15.11, (vii) other than as permitted by Section 15.11, release or contractually subordinate Agent s Lien in and to any of the Collateral, (viii) amend, modify, or eliminate the definitions of Required Lenders, Supermajority Lenders, or Pro Rata Share , (ix) other than in connection with a merger, liquidation, dissolution or sale of such Person expressly permitted by the terms hereof or the other Loan Documents, release any Borrower or any Guarantor from any obligation for the payment of money or consent to the assignment or transfer by any Borrower or any Guarantor of any of its rights or duties under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (x) amend, modify, or eliminate any of the provisions of Section 2.4(b)(i), (ii) or (iii) or Section 2.4(e) or 2.4(f), 

128 173127432 (xi) at any time that any Real Property is included in the Collateral, add, increase, renew or extend any Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment hereunder until the completion of flood due diligence, documentation and coverage as required by the Flood Laws or as otherwise satisfactory to all Lenders, or (xii) amend, modify, or eliminate any of the provisions of Section 13.1 with respect to assignments to, or participations with, Persons who are Loan Parties or Affiliates of a Loan Party; (b) No amendment, waiver, modification, or consent shall amend, modify, waive, or eliminate, (i) the definition of, or any of the terms or provisions of, the Fee Letter, without the written consent of Agent and Borrowers (and shall not require the written consent of any of the Lenders), (ii) any provision of Section 15 pertaining to Agent, or any other rights or duties of Agent under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, without the written consent of Agent, Borrowers, and the Required Lenders; (c) No amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent shall amend, without written consent of Agent, Borrowers and the Supermajority Lenders, do any of the following: (i) amend, modify, or eliminate the definition of Borrowing Base or any of the defined terms (including the definitions of Eligible Accounts, Eligible Credit Card Receivables, Eligible Inventory, Eligible Finished Goods Inventory, Eligible Spare Parts Inventory and Eligible In-Transit Inventory) that are used in such definition to the extent that any such change results in more credit being made available to Borrowers based upon the Borrowing Base, but not otherwise; (ii) amend, modify, or eliminate the definition of Maximum Revolver Amount; or (iii) change Section 2.1(c); (d) No amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent shall amend, modify, or waive any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents pertaining to I ssuing Bank, or any other rights or duties of Issuing Bank under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, without the written consent of Issuing Bank, Agent, Borrowers, and the Required Lenders; (e) No amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent shall amend, modify, or waive any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents pertaining to Swing Lender, or any other rights or duties of Swing Lender under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, without the written consent of Swing Lender, Agent, Borrowers, and the Required Lenders; and (f) Anything in this Section 14.1 to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) any amendment, modification, elimination, waiver, consent, termination, or release of, or with respect to, any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that relates only to the relationship of the Lender Group among themselves, and that does not affect the rights or obligations of any Loan Party, shall not require consent by or the agreement of any Loan Party, (ii) any amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent of or with respect to any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be entered into without the consent of, or over the objection of, any Defaulting Lender other than any of the matters governed by Section 14.1(a)(i) through (iii) that affect such Lender, and (iii) any amendment contemplated by Section 2.12(d)(iii) of this Agreement in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event shall be effective as contemplated by such Section 2.12(d)(iii) hereof. 

129 173127432 14.2 Replacement of Certain Lenders. (a) If (i) any action to be taken by the Lender Group or Agent hereunder requires the consent, authorization, or agreement of all Lenders or all Lenders affected thereby and if such action has received the consent, authorization, or agreement of the Required Lenders but not of all Lenders or all Lenders affected thereby, or (ii) any Lender makes a claim for compensation under Section 16, then Borrowers or Agent, upon at least five Business Days prior irrevocable notice, may permanently replace any Lender that failed to give its consent, authorization, or agreement (a Non- Consenting Lender or any Lender that made a claim for compensation (a Tax Lender with one or more Replacement Lenders, and the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder. Such notice to replace the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall not be later than 15 Business Days after the date such notice is given. (b) Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, and each Replacement Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, being repaid in full its share of the outstanding Obligations (without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever, but including (i) all interest, fees and other amounts that may be due in payable in respect thereof, (ii) an assumption of its Pro Rata Share of participations in the Letters of Credit ), and (iii) Funding Losses. If the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, Agent may, but shall not be required to, execute and deliver such Assignment and Acceptance in the name or and on behalf of the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, and irrespective of whether Agent executes and delivers such Assignment and Acceptance, the Non- Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance. The replacement of any Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 13.1. Until such time as one or more Replacement Lenders shall have acquired all of the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Non-Consenting Lender or Tax Lender, as applicable, shall remain obligated to make the Non-Consenting Lender s or Tax Lender s, as applicable, Pro Rata Share of Revolving Loans and to purchase a participation in each Letter of Credit, in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of participations in such Letters of Credit. 14.3 No Waivers; Cumulative Remedies. No failure by Agent or any Lender to exercise any right, remedy, or option under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or delay by Agent or any Lender in exercising the same, will operate as a waiver thereof. No waiver by Agent or any Lender will be effective unless it is in writing, and then only to the extent specifically stated . No waiver by Agent or any Lender on any occasion shall affect or diminish Agent s and each Lender s rights thereafter to require strict performance by Borrowers of any provision of this Agreement. Agent s and each Lender s rights under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will be cumulative and not exclusive of any other right or remedy that Agent or any Lender may have. 15. AGENT; THE LENDER GROUP. 15.1 Appointment and Authorization of Agent. Each Lender hereby designates and appoints Wells Fargo as its agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to designate, appoint, and authorize) Agent to execute and deliv er each of the other Loan Documents on its behalf and to take such other action on its behalf under the 

130 173127432 provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to Agent by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Agent agrees to act as agent for and on behalf of the Lenders (and the Bank Product Providers) on the conditions contained in this Section 15. Any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document notwithstanding, Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents, nor shall Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender (or Bank Product Provider), and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term agent in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with reference to Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only a representative relationship between independent contracting parties. Each Lender hereby further authorizes (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to authorize) Agent to act as the secured party under each of the Loan Documents that create a Lien on any item of Collateral. Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement, Agent shall have and may use its sole discretion with respect to exercising or refraining from exercising any discretionary rights or taking or refraining from taking any actions that Agent expressly is entitled to take or assert under or pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, or of any other provision of the Loan Documents that provides rights or powers to Agent, Lenders agree that Agent shall have the right to exercise the following powers as long as this Agreement remains in effect: (a) maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Obligations, the Collateral, payments and proceeds of Collateral, and related matters, (b) execute or file any and all financing or similar statements or notices, amendments, renewals, supplements, documents, instruments, proofs of claim, notices and other written agreements with respect to the Loan Documents, or to take any other action with respect to any Collateral or Loan Documents which may be necessary to perfect, and maintain perfected, the security interests and Liens upon Collateral pursuant to the Loan Documents, (c) make Revolving Loans, for itself or on behalf of Lenders, as provided in the Loan Documents, (d) exclusively receive, apply, and distribute payments and proceeds of the Collateral as provided in the Loan Documents, (e) open and maintain such bank accounts and cash management arrangements as Agent deems necessary and appropriate in accordance with the Loan Documents for the foregoing purposes, (f) perform, exercise, and enforce any and all other rights and remedies of the Lender Group with respect to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Obligations, the Collateral, or otherwise related to any of same as provided in the Loan Documents, and (g) incur and pay such Lender Group Expenses as Agent may deem necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions and powers pursuant to the Loan Documents. 15.2 Delegation of Duties. Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document by or through agents, employees or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney in fact that it selects as long as such selection was made without gross negligence or willful misconduct. 15.3 Liability of Agent. None of the Agent-Related Persons shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any of its 

131 173127432 Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or any officer or director thereof, contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for any failure of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent -Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the books and records or properties of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. No Agent-Related Person shall have any liability to any Lender, and Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates if any request for a Loan, Letter of Credit or other extension of credit was not authorized by the applicable Borrower. Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or in the opinion of its counsel, may expose it to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law or regulation. 15.4 Reliance by Agent. Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission, telex or telephone message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been s igned, sent, or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to Borrowers or counsel to any Lender), independent accountants and other experts selected by Agent. Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless Agent shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Lenders as it deems appropriate and until such instructions are received, Agent shall act, or refrain from acting, as it deems advisable. If Agent so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its reasonable satisfaction by the Lenders (and, if it so elects, the Bank Product Providers) against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of the Lenders (and Bank Product Providers). 15.5 Notice of Default or Event of Default. Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest, fees, and expenses required to be paid to Agent for the account of the Lenders and, except with respect to Events of Default of which Agent has actual knowledge, unless Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or Borrowers referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default, and stating that such notice is a notice of default. Agent promptly will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice or of any Event of Default of which Agent has actual knowledge. If any Lender obtains actual knowledge of any Event of Default, such Lender promptly shall notify the other Lenders and Agent of such Event of Default. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for giving any notices to its Participants, if any. Subject to Section 15.4, Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as may be requested by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 9; provided, that unless and until Agent has received any such request, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable. 15.6 Credit Decision. Each Lender (and Bank Product Provider) acknowledges that none of the Agent-Related Persons has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by Agent hereinafter taken, including any review of the affairs of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent -Related Person 

132 173127432 to any Lender (or Bank Product Provider). Each Lender represents (and by enter ing into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to represent) to Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such due diligence, documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of each Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan Document, and all applicable bank regulatory laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to Borrowers. Each Lender also represents (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to represent) that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of each Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan Document. Except for notices, reports, and other documents expressly herein required to be furnished to the Lenders by Agent, Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender (or Bank Product Provider) with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan Document that may come into the possession of any of the Agent-Related Persons. Each Lender acknowledges (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that Agent does not have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis (except to the extent, if any, that is expressly specified herein) to provide such Lender (or Bank Product Provider) with any credit or other information with respect to any Borrower, its Affiliates or any of their respective business, legal, financial or other affairs, and irrespective of whether such information came into Agent s or its Affiliates or representatives possession before or after the date on which such Lender became a party to this Agreement (or such Bank Product Provider entered into a Bank Product Agreement). 15.7 Costs and Expenses; Indemnification. Agent may incur and pay Lender Group Expenses to the extent Agent reasonably deems necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions, powers, and obligations pursuant to the Loan Documents, including court costs, attorneys fees and expenses, fees and expenses of financial accountants, advisors, consultants, and appraisers, costs of collection by outside collection agencies, auctioneer fees and expenses, and costs of security guards or insurance premiums paid to maintain the Collateral, whether or not Borrowers are obligated to reimburse Agent or Lenders for such expenses pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. Agent is authorized and directed to deduct and retain sufficient amounts from payments or proceeds of the Collateral received by Agent to reimburse Agent for such out-of-pocket costs and expenses prior to the distribution of any amounts to Lenders (or Bank Product Providers). In the event Agent is not reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, each Lender hereby agrees that it is and shall be obligated to pay to Agent such Lender s ratable share thereof. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, each of the Lenders, on a ratable basis, shall indemnify and defend the Agent-Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of Borrowers to do so) from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities; provided, that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting solely from such Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct nor shall any Lender be liable for the obligations of any Defaulting Lender in failing to make a Revolving Loan or other extension of credit hereunder. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse Agent upon demand for such Lender s ratable share of any costs or out of pocket expenses (including attorneys, accountants, advisors, and consultants fees and expenses) incurred by Agent in connection with the preparation, 

133 173127432 execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment, or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the extent that Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of Borrowers. The undertaking in this Section shall survive the payment of all Obligations hereunder and the resignation or replacement of Agent. 15.8 Agent in Individual Capacity. Wells Fargo and its Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, provide Bank Products to, acquire Equity Interests in, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting, or other business with any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and any other Person party to any Loan Document as though Wells Fargo were not Agent hereunder, and, in each case, without notice to or consent of the other members of the Lender Group. The other members of the Lender Group acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, pursuant to such activities, Wells Fargo or its Affiliates may receive information regarding a Loan Party or its Affiliates or any other Person party to any Loan Documents that is subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such other Person and that prohibit the disclosure of such information to the Lenders (or Bank Product Providers), and the Lenders acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, in such circumstances (and in the absence of a waiver of such confidentiality obligations, which waiver Agent will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain), Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. The terms Lender and Lenders include Wells Fargo in its individual capacity. 15.9 Successor Agent. Agent may resign as Agent upon 30 days (ten days if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) prior written notice to the Lenders (unless such notice is waived by the Required Lenders) and Borrowers (unless such notice is waived by Borrowers or a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) and without any notice to the Bank Product Providers. If Agent resigns under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall be entitled, with (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the consent of Borrowers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned), appoint a successor Agent for the Lenders (and the Bank Product Providers). If, at the time that Agent s resignation is effective, it is acting as Issuing Bank or the Swing Lender, such resignation shall also operate to effectuate its resignation as Issuing Bank or the Swing Lender, as applicable, and it shall automatically be relieved of any further obligation to issue Letters of Credit, or to make Swing Loans. If no successor Agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of Agent, Agent may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders and Borrowers, a successor Agent. If Agent has materially breached or failed to perform any material provision of this Agreement or of applicable law, the Required Lenders may agree in writing to remove and replace Agent with a successor Agent from among the Lenders with (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the consent of Borrowers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned). In any such event, upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor Agent hereunder, such successor Agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers, and duties of the retiring Agent and the term Agent shall mean such successor Agent and the retiring Agent s appointment, powers, and duties as Agent shal l be terminated. After any retiring Agent s resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Section 15 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement. If no successor Agent has accepted appointment as Agent by the date which is 30 days following a retiring Agent s notice of resignation, the retiring Agent s resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become 

134 173127432 effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above. 15.10 Lender in Individual Capacity. Any Lender and its respective Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, provide Bank Products to, acquire Equity Interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting, or other business with any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and any other Person party to any Loan Documents as though such Lender were not a Lender hereunder without notice to or consent of the other members of the Lender Group (or the Bank Product Providers). The other members of the Lender Group acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, pursuant to such activities, such Lender and its respective Affiliates may receive information regarding a Loan Party or its Affiliates or any other Person party to any Loan Documents that is subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such other Person and that prohibit the disclosure of such information to the Lenders, and the Lenders acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, in such circumstances (and in the absence of a waiver of such confidentiality obligations, which waiver such Lender will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain), such Lender shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. 15.11 Collateral Matters. (a) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to authorize) Agent to release any Lien on any Collateral (i) upon the termination of the Commitments and payment and satisf action in full by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries of all of the Obligations, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if a release is required or desirable in connection therewith and if Borrowers certify to Agent that the sale or disposition is permitted under Section 6.4 (and Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), (iii) constituting property in which no Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries owned any interest at the time Agent s Lien was granted nor at any time thereafter, (iv) constituting property leased or licensed to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under a lease or license that has expired or is terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, or (v) in connection with a credit bid or purchase authorized under this Section 15.11. The Loan Parties and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to authorize) Agent, based upon the instruction of the Required Lenders, to (a) consent to the sale of, credit bid, or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more entities) all or any portion of the Collateral at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, (b) credit bid or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more entities) all or any portion of the Collateral at any sale or other disposition thereof conducted under the provisions of the Code, including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the Code, or (c) credit bid or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more entities) all or any portion of the Collateral at any other sale or foreclosure conducted or consented to by Agent in accordance with applicable law in any judicial action or proceeding or by the exercise of any legal or equitable remedy. In connection with any such credit bid or purchase, (i) the Obligations owed to the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims being estimated for such purpose if the fixing or liquidation thereof would not impair or unduly delay the ability of Agent to credit bid or purchase at such sale or other disposition of the Collateral and, if such contingent or unliquidated claims cannot be estimated without impairing or unduly delaying the ability of Agent to credit bid at such sale or other disposition, then such claims shall be disregarded, not credit bid, and not entitled to any interest in the Collateral that is the subject of such credit bid or purchase) and the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers whose Obligations 

135 173127432 are credit bid shall be entitled to receive interests (ratably based upon the proportion of their Obligations credit bid in relation to the aggregate amount of Obligations so credit bid) in the Collateral that is the subject of such credit bid or purchase (or in the Equity Interests of the any entities that are used to consummate such credit bid or purchase), and (ii) Agent, based upon the instruction of the Required Lenders, may accept non-cash consideration, including debt and equity securities issued by any entities used to consummate such credit bid or purchase and in connection therewith Agent may reduce the Obligations owed to the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers (ratably based upon the proportion of their Obligations credit bid in relation to the aggregate amount of Obligations so credit bid) based upon the value of such non-cash consideration; provided, that Bank Product Obligations not entitled to the application set forth in Section 2.4(b)(iii)(J) shall not be entitled to be, and shall not be, credit bid, or used in the calculation of the ratable interest of the Lenders and Bank Product Providers in the Obligations which are credit bid. Except as provided above, Agent will not execute and deliver a release of any Lien on any Collateral without the prior written authorization of (y) if the release is of all or substantially all of the Collateral, all of the Lenders (without requiring the authorization of the Bank Product Providers), or (z) otherwise, the Required Lenders (without requiring the authorization of the Bank Product Providers). Upon request by Agent or Borrowers at any time, the Lenders will (and if so requested, the Bank Product Providers will) confirm in writing Agent s authority to release any such Liens on particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 15.11; provided, that (1) anything to the contrary contained in any of the Loan Documents notwithstanding, Agent shall not be required to execute any document or take any action necessary to evidence such release on terms that, in Agent s opinion, could expose Agent to liability or create any obligation or entail any consequence other than the release of such Lien without recourse, representation, or warranty, and (2) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly released) upon (or obligations of Borrowers in respect of) any and all interests retained by any Borrower, including, the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Each Lender further hereby irrevocably authorizes (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to irrevocably authorize) Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to subordinate (by contract or otherwise) any Lien granted to or held by Agent on any property under any Loan Document (a) to the holder of any Permitted Lien on such property if such Permitted Lien secures purchase money Indebtedness (including Capitalized Lease Obligations) which constitute Permitted Indebtedness and (b) to the extent Agent has the authority under this Section 15.11 to release its Lien on such property. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 15.11, the Agent shall be authorized, without the consent of any Lender and without the requirement that an asset sale consisting of the sale, transfer or other disposition having occurred, to release any security interest in any building, structure or improvement located in an area determined by the Federal Emergency Management Agency to have special flood hazards provided that such building, structure or improvement has an immaterial fair market value. (b) Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to any of the Lenders (or the Bank Product Providers) (i) to verify or assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or is cared for, protected, or insured or has been encumbered, (ii) to verify or assure that Agent s Liens have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected, or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority, (iii) to verify or assure that any particular items of Collateral meet the eligibility criteria applicable in respect thereof, (iv) to impose, maintain, increase, reduce, implement, or eliminate any particular reserve hereunder or to determine whether the amount of any reserve is appropriate or not, or (v) to exercise at all or in any particular manner or under any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities and powers granted or available to Agent pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, it being understood and agreed that in respect of the Collateral, or any act, omission, or event related thereto, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole 

136 173127432 discretion given Agent s own interest in the Collateral in its capacity as one of the Lenders and th at Agent shall have no other duty or liability whatsoever to any Lender (or Bank Product Provider) as to any of the foregoing, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 15.12 Restrictions on Actions by Lenders; Sharing of Payments . (a) Each of the Lenders agrees that it shall not, without the express written consent of Agent, and that it shall, to the extent it is lawfully entitled to do so, upon the written request of Agent, set off against the Obligations, any amounts owing by such Lender to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries or any deposit accounts of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries now or hereafter maintained with such Lender. Each of the Lenders further agrees that it shall not, unless specifically requested to do so in writing by Agent, take or cause to be taken any action, including, the commencement of any legal or equitable proceedings to enforce any Loan Document against any Borrower or any Guarantor or to foreclose any Lien on, or otherwise enforce any security interest in, any of the Collateral. (b) If, at any time or times any Lender shall receive (i) by payment, foreclosure, setoff, or otherwise, any proceeds of Collateral or any payments with respect to the Obligations, except for any such proceeds or payments received by such Lender from Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, or (ii) payments from Agent in excess of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of all such distributions by Agent, such Lender promptly shall (A) turn the same over to Agent, in kind, and with such endorsements as may be required to negotiate the same to Agent, or in immediately available funds, as applicable, for the account of all of the Lenders and for application to the Obligations in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement, or (B) purchase, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in the Obligations owed to the other Lenders so that such excess payment received shall be applied ratably as among the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares; provided, that to the extent that such excess payment received by the purchasing party is thereafter recovered from it, those purchases of participations shall be rescinded in whole or in part, as applicable, and the applicable portion of the purchase price paid therefor shall be returne d to such purchasing party, but without interest except to the extent that such purchasing party is required to pay interest in connection with the recovery of the excess payment. 15.13 Agency for Perfection. Agent hereby appoints each other Lender (and each Bank Product Provider) as its agent (and each Lender hereby accepts (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to accept) such appointment) for the purpose of perfecting Agent s Liens in assets which, in accordance with Article 8 or Article 9, as applicable, of the Code can be perfected by possession or control. Should any Lender obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify Agent thereof, and, promptly upon Agent s request therefor shall deliver possession or control of such Collateral to Agent or in accordance with Agent s instructions. 15.14 Payments by Agent to the Lenders. All payments to be made by Agent to the Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) shall be made by bank wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to such wire transfer instructions as each party may designate for itself by written notice to Agent. Concurrently with each such payment, Agent shall identify whether such payment (or any portion thereof) represents principal, premium, fees, or interest of the Obligations. 15.15 Concerning the Collateral and Related Loan Documents . Each member of the Lender Group authorizes and directs Agent to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each member of the Lender Group agrees (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to agree) that any action taken by Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents relating to the Collateral 

137 173127432 and the exercise by Agent of its powers set forth therein or herein, together with such other powers that are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be binding upon all of the Lenders (and such Bank Product Provider). 15.16 Field Examination Reports; Confidentiality; Disclaimers by Lenders; Other Reports and Information. By becoming a party to this Agreement, each Lender: (a) is deemed to have requested that Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after it becomes available, a copy of each field examination report respecting any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (each, a Report prepared by or at the request of Agent, and Agent shall so furnish each Lender with such Reports, (b) expressly agrees and acknowledges that Agent does not (i) make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any Report, and (ii) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report, (c) expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, that Agent or other party performing any field examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and will rely significantly upon Borrowers and their Subsidiaries books and records, as well as on representations of Borrowers personnel, (d) agrees to keep all Reports and other material, non-public information regarding the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans in a confidential manner in accordance with Section 17.9, and (e) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees: (i) to hold Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or fail to take or any conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any loans or other credit accommodations that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to Borrowers, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a loan or loans of Borrowers, and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend and hold Agent, and any such other Lender preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including, attorneys fees and costs) incurred by Agent and any such other Lender preparing a Report as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. In addition to the foregoing, (x) any Lender may from time to time request of Agent in writing that Agent provide to such Lender a copy of any report or document provided by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries to Agent that has not been contemporaneously provided by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary to such Lender, and, upon receipt of such request, Agent promptly shall provide a copy of same to such Lender, (y) to the extent that Agent is entitled, under any provision of the Loan Documents, to request additional reports or information from any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, any Lender may, from time to time, reasonably request Agent to exercise such right as specified in such Lender s notice to Agent, whereupon Agent promptly shall request of Borrowers the additional reports or information reasonably specified by such Lender, and, upon receipt thereof from such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, Agent promptly shall provide a copy of same to such Lender, and (z) any time that Agent renders to Borrowers a statement regarding the Loan Account, Agent shall send a copy of such statement to each Lender. 

138 173127432 15.17 Several Obligations; No Liability. Notwithstanding that certain of the Loan Documents now or hereafter may have been or will be executed only by or in favor of Agent in its capacity as such, and not by or in favor of the Lenders, any and all obligations on the part of Agent (if any) to make any credit available hereunder shall constitute the several (and not joint) obligations of the respective Lenders on a ratable basis, according to their respective Commitments, to make an amount of such credit not to exceed, in principal amount, at any one time outstanding, the amount of their respective Commitments. Nothing contained herein shall confer upon any Lender any interest in, or subject any Lender to any liability for, or in respect of, the business, assets, profits, losses, or liabilities of any other Lender. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for notifying its Participants of any matters relating to the Loan Documents to the extent any such notice may be required, and no Lender shall have any obligation, duty, or liability to any Participant of any other Lender. Except as provided in Section 15.7, no member of the Lender Group shall have any liability for the acts of any other member of the Lender Group. No Lender shall be responsible to any Borrower or any other Person for any failure by any other Lender (or Bank Product Provider) to fulfill its obligations to make credit available hereunder, nor to advance for such Lender (or Bank Product Provider) or on its behalf, nor to take any other action on behalf of such Lender (or Bank Product Provider) hereunder or in connection with the financing contemplated herein. 16. WITHHOLDING TAXES. 16.1 Payments. All payments made by any Loan Party under any Loan Document will be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for, any Taxes, except as otherwise required by applicable law, and in the event any deduction or withholding of Taxes is required (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent), the applicable Loan Party shall make the requisite withholding, promptly pay over to the applicable Governmental Authority the withheld Tax, and furnish to Agent as promptly as possible after the date the payment of any such Tax is due pursuant to applicable law, the original or certified copies of tax receipts evidencing such payment by the Loan Parties, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. Furthermore, if any such Tax is an Indemnified Taxes or an Indemnified Tax is so levied or imposed, the Loan Parties agree to pay the full amount of such Indemnified Taxes and such additional amounts as may be necessary so that every payment of all amounts due under this Agreement, any note, or Loan Document, including any amount paid pursuant to this Section 16.1 after withholding or deduction for or on account of any Indemnified Taxes on any additional amounts payable hereunder, will not be less than the amount provided for herein. The Loan Parties will promptly pay any Other Taxes or reimburse Agent for such Other Taxes upon Agent s demand. The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Indemnified Person (as defined in Section 10.3) (collectively a Tax Indemnitee for the full amount of Indemnified Taxes arising in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or breach thereof by any Loan Party (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on, or attributable to, amounts payable unde r this Section 16) imposed on, or paid by, such Tax Indemnitee and all reasonable costs and expenses related thereto (including fees and disbursements of attorneys and other tax professionals), as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 16 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the resignation and replacement of the Agent, and the repayment of the Obligations. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrowers by a Lender (with a copy to the 

139 173127432 Agent), or by the Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 16.2 Exemptions. (a) If a Lender or Participant is entitled to claim an exemption or reduction from United States withholding tax, such Lender or Participant agrees with and in favor of Agent, to deliver to Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) and the Administrative Borrower on behalf of all Borrowers one of the following before receiving its first payment under this Agreement: (i) if such Lender or Participant is entitled to claim an exemption from United States withholding tax pursuant to the portfolio interest exception, (A) a statement of the Lender or Participant, signed under penalty of perjury, that it is not a (I) a bank as described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, (II) a 10 shareholder of any Borrower (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the IRC), or (III) a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrowers within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the IRC, and (B) a properly completed and executed IRS Form W-8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E or Form W-8IMY (with proper attachments as applicable); (ii) if such Lender or Participant is entitled to claim an exemption from, or a reduction of, withholding tax under a United States tax treaty, a properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable; (iii) if such Lender or Participant is entitled to claim that interest paid under this Agreement is exempt from United States withholding tax because it is effectively connected with a United States trade or business of such Lender, a properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI; (iv) if such Lender or Participant is entitled to claim that interest paid under this Agreement is exempt from United States withholding tax because such Lender or Participant serves as an intermediary, a properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY (including a withholding statement and copies of the tax certification documentation for its beneficial owner(s) of the income paid to the intermediary, if required based on its status provided on the Form W-8IMY); or (v) a properly completed and executed copy of any other form or forms, including IRS Form W-9, as may be required under the IRC or other laws of the United States as a condition to exemption from, or reduction of, United States withholding or backup withholding tax. (b) Each Lender or Participant shall provide new forms (or successor forms) upon the expiration or obsolescence of any previously delivered forms and promptly notify Agent and Administrative Borrower (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction. (c) If a Lender or Participant claims an exemption from withholding tax in a jurisdiction other than the United States, such Lender or such Participant agrees with and in favor of Agent and Borrowers, to deliver to Agent and Administrative Borrower (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) any such form or forms, as may be required under the laws of such jurisdiction as a condition to exemption from, or reduction of, foreign withholding or backup withholding tax before receiving its first payment under this Agreement, but 

140 173127432 only if such Lender or such Participant is legally able to deliver such forms, or the providing of or delivery of such forms in the Lender s reasonable judgment would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or materially prejudice the legal or commercial posit ion of such Lender (or its Affiliates); provided, further, that nothing in this Section 16.2(c) shall require a Lender or Participant to disclose any information that it deems to be confidential (including its tax returns). Each Lender and each Participant shall provide new forms (or successor forms) upon the expiration or obsolescence of any previously delivered forms and promptly notify Agent and Administrative Borrower (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction. (d) If a Lender or Participant claims exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax and such Lender or Participant sells, assigns, grants a participation in, or otherwise transfers all or part of the Obligations of Borrowers to such Lender or Participant, such Lender or Participant agrees to notify Agent and Administrative Borrower (or, in the case of a sale of a participation interest, to the Lender granting the participation only) of the percentage amount in which it is no longer the beneficial owner of Obligations of Borrowers to such Lender or Participant. To the extent of such percentage amount, Agent and Administrative Borrower will treat such Lender s or such Participant s documentation provided pursuant to Section 16.2(a) or 16.2(c) as no longer valid. With respect to such percentage amount, such Participant or Assignee may provide new documentation, pursuant to Section 16.2(a) or 16.2(c), if applicable. Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of this Section 16 with respect to its participation in any portion of the Commitments and the Obligations so long as such Participant complies with the obligations set forth in this Section 16 with respect thereto. (e) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable due diligence and reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, the Lender granting the participation) such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the IRC) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, the Lender granting the participation) as may be necessary for Agent or Borrowers to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (e), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 16.3 Reductions. (a) If a Lender or a Participant is subject to an applicable withholding tax, Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, the Lender granting the participation) may withhold from any payment to such Lender or such Participant an amount equivalent to the applicable withholding tax. If the forms or other documentation required by Section 16.2(a) or 16.2(c) are not delivered to Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation), then Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation) may withhold from any payment to such Lender or such Participant not providing such forms or other documentation an amount equivalent to the applicable withholding tax. 

141 173127432 (b) If the IRS or any other Governmental Authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts a claim that Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation) did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender or any Participant due to a failure on the part of the Lender or any Participant (because the appropriate form was not delivered, was not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify Agent (or such Participant failed to notify the Lender granting the participation) of a change in circumstances which rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective, or for any other reason) such Lender shall indemnify and hold Agent harmless (or, in the case of a Participant, such Participant shall indemnify and hold the Lender granting the participation harmless) for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation), as Tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, and including any Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on the amounts payable to Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) under this Section 16, together with all costs and expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses). The obligation of the Lenders and the Participants under this subsection shall survive the payment of all Obligations and the resignation or replacement of Agent. 16.4 Refunds. If Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes to which the Loan Parties have paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 16, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, it shall pay over such refund to the Administrative Borrower on behalf of the Loan Parties (but only to the extent of payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Loan Parties under this Section 16 with respect to Indemnified Taxes giving rise to such a refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of Agent or such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the applicable Governmental Authority with respect to such a refund); provided, that the Loan Parties, upon the request of Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Loan Parties (plus any penalties, interest or other charges, imposed by the applicable Governmental Authority) to Agent or such Lender in the event Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Section 16 shall not be construed to require Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information which it deems confidential) to Loan Parties or any other Person or require Agent or any Lender to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to Section 16.4, the payment of which would place Agent or such Lender (or their Affiliates) in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Person would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. 17. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 17.1 Effectiveness. This Agreement shall be binding and deemed effective when executed by each Borrower, Agent, and each Lender whose signature is provided for on the signature pages hereof. 17.2 Section Headings. Headings and numbers have been set forth herein for convenience only. Unless the contrary is compelled by the context, everything contained in each Section applies equally to this entire Agreement. 17.3 Interpretation. Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed against the Lender Group or any Borrower, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, this Agreement has been reviewed by all parties and shall be construed 

142 173127432 and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to accomplish fairly the purposes and intentions of all parties hereto. 17.4 Severability of Provisions. Each provision of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision of this Agreement for the purpose of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision. 17.5 Bank Product Providers. Each Bank Product Provider in its capacity as such shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof and of the provisions of the other Loan Documents for purposes of any reference in a Loan Document to the parties for whom Agent is acting. Agent hereby agrees to act as agent for such Bank Product Providers and, by virtue of entering into a Bank Product Agreement, the applicable Bank Product Provider shall be automatically deemed to have appointed Agent as its agent and to have accepted the benefits of the Loan Documents. It is understood and agreed that the rights and benefits of each Bank Product Provider under the Loan Documents consist exclusively of such Bank Product Provider s being a beneficiary of the Liens and security interests (and, if applicable, guarantees) granted to Agent and the right to share in payments and collections out of the Collateral as more fully set forth herein. In addition, each Bank Product Provider, by virtue of entering into a Bank Product Agreement, shall be automatically deemed to have agreed that Agent shall have the right, but shall have no obligation, to establish, maintain, relax, or release reserves in respect of the Bank Product Obligations and that if reserves are established there is no obligation on the part of Agent to determine or insure whether the amount of any such reserve is appropriate or not. In connection with any such distribution of payments or proceeds of Collateral, Agent shall be entitl ed to assume no amounts are due or owing to any Bank Product Provider unless such Bank Product Provider has provided a written certification (setting forth a reasonably detailed calculation) to Agent as to the amounts that are due and owing to it and such written certification is received by Agent a reasonable period of time prior to the making of such distribution. Agent shall have no obligation to calculate the amount due and payable with respect to any Bank Products, but may rely upon the written certification of the amount due and payable from the applicable Bank Product Provider. In the absence of an updated certification, Agent shall be entitled to assume that the amount due and payable to the applicable Bank Product Provider is the amount last certified to Agent by such Bank Product Provider as being due and payable (less any distributions made to such Bank Product Provider on account thereof). Borrowers may obtain Bank Products from any Bank Product Provider, although Borrowers are not required to do so. Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Bank Product Provider has committed to provide any Bank Products and that the providing of Bank Products by any Bank Product Provider is in the sole and absolute discretion of such Bank Product Provider. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no provider or holder of any Bank Product shall have any voting or approval rights hereunder (or be deemed a Lender) solely by virtue of its status as the provider or holder of such agreements or products or the Obligations owing thereunder, nor shall the consent of any such provider or holder be required (other than in their capacities as Lenders, to the extent applicable) for any matter hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, including as to any matter relating to the Collateral or the release of Collateral or Guarantors. 17.6 Debtor-Creditor Relationship. The relationship between the Lenders and Agent, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, is solely that of creditor and debtor. No member of the Lender Group has (or shall be deemed to have) any fiduciary relationship or duty to any Loan Party arising out of or in connection with the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, and there is no agency or joint venture relationship between the members of the Lender 

143 173127432 Group, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, by virtue of any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein. 17.7 Counterparts; Electronic Execution. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Agreement. The foregoing shall apply to each other Loan Document mutatis mutandis. 17.8 Revival and Reinstatement of Obligations; Certain Waivers. If any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider repays, refunds, restores, or returns in whole or in part, any payment or property (including any proceeds of Collateral) previously paid or transferred to such member of the Lender Group or such Bank Product Provider in full or partial satisfaction of any Obligation or on account of any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document or any Bank Product Agreement, because the payment, transfer, or the incurrence of the obligation so satisfied is asserted or declared to be void, voidable, or otherwise recoverable under any law relating to creditors rights, including provisions of the Bankruptcy Code relating to fraudulent transfers, preferences, or other voidable or recoverable obligations or transfers (each, a Voidable Transfer ), or because such member of the Lender Group or Bank Product Provider elects to do so on the reasonable advice of its counsel in connection with a claim that the payment, transfer, or incurrence is or may be a Voidable Transfer, then, as to any such Voidable Transfer, or the amount thereof that such member of the Lender Group or Bank Product Provider elects to repay, restore, or return (including pursuant to a settlement of any claim in respect thereof), and as to all reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys fees of such member of the Lender Group or Bank Product Provider related thereto, (i) the liability of the Loan Parties with respect to the amount or property paid, refunded, restored, or returned will automatically and immediately be revived, reinstated, and restored and will exist, and (ii) Agent s Liens securing such liability shall be effective, revived, and remain in full force and effect, in each case, as fully as if such Voidable Transfer had never been made. If, prior to any of the foregoing, (A) Agent s Liens shall have been released or terminated, or (B) any provision of this Agreement shall have been terminated or cancelled, Agent s Liens, or such provision of this Agreement, shall be reinstated in full force and effect and such prior release, termination, cancellation or surrender shall not diminish, release, discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligation of any Loan Party in respect of such liability or any Collateral securing such liability. This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment in full of the Obligations. 17.9 Confidentiality. (a) Agent and Lenders each individually (and not jointly or jointly and severally) agree that material, non-public information regarding the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans Confidential Information shall be treated by Agent and the Lenders in a confidential manner, and shall not be disclosed by Agent and the Lenders to Persons who are not parties to this Agreement, except: (i) to attorneys for and other advisors, accountants, auditors, and consultants to any member of the Lender Group and to employees, directors and officers of any member of the Lender Group (the Persons in this clause (i), Lender Group Representatives on a need to know basis in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and on a confidential basis, (ii) to Subsidiaries and Affiliates of any 

144 173127432 member of the Lender Group (including the Bank Product Providers); provided, that any such Subsidiary or Affiliate shall have agreed to receive such information hereunder subject to the terms of this Section 17.9, (iii) as may be required by regulatory authorities so long as such authorities are informed of the confidential nature of such information, (iv) as may be required by statute, decision, or judicial or administrative order, rule, or regulation; provided, that (x) prior to any disclosure under this clause (iv), the disclosing party agrees to provide Borrowers with prior notice thereof, to the extent that it is practicable to do so and to the extent that the disclosing party is permitted to provide such prior notice to Borrowers pursuant to the terms of the applicable statute, decision, or judicial or administrative order, rule, or regulation and (y) any disclosure under this clause (iv) shall be limited to the portion of the Confidential Information as may be required by such statute, decision, or judicial or administrative order, rule, or regulation, (v) as may be agreed to in advance in writing by Borrowers, (vi) as requested or required by any Governmental Authority pursuant to any subpoena or other legal process; provided, that (x) prior to any disclosure under this clause (vi) the disclosing party agrees to provide Borrowers with prior written notice thereof, to the extent that it is practi cable to do so and to the extent that the disclosing party is permitted to provide such prior written notice to Borrowers pursuant to the terms of the subpoena or other legal process and (y) any disclosure under this clause (vi) shall be limited to the portion of the Confidential Information as may be required by such Governmental Authority pursuant to such subpoena or other legal process, (vii as to any such information that is or becomes generally available to the public (other than as a result of prohib ited disclosure by Agent or the Lenders or the Lender Group Representatives), (viii) in connection with any assignment, participation or pledge of any Lender s interest under this Agreement or to any potential or prospective Lender; provided, that prior to receipt of Confidential Information any such assignee, participant, or pledgee or such potential or prospective Lender shall have agreed in writing to receive such Confidential Information either subject to the terms of this Section 17.9 or pursuant to confidentiality requirements substantially similar to those contained in this Section 17.9 (and such Person may disclose such Confidential Information to Persons employed or engaged by them as described in clause (i) above), (ix) in connection with any litigation or other adversary proceeding involving parties hereto which such litigation or adversary proceeding involves claims related to the rights or duties of such parties under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents ; provided, that prior to any disclosure to any Person (other than any Loan Party, Agent, any Lender, any of their respective Affiliates, or their respective counsel) under this clause (ix) with respect to litigation involving any Person (other than any Borrower, Agent, any Lender, any of their respective Affiliates, or their respective counsel), the disclosing party agrees to provide Borrowers with prior written notice thereof, and (x) in connection with, and to the extent reasonably necessary for, the exercise of any secured creditor remedy under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document. (b) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, Agent may disclose information concerning the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to loan syndication and pricing reporting services or in its marketing or promotional materials, with such information to consist of deal terms and other information customarily found in such publications or marketing or promotional materials and may otherwise use the name, logos, and other insignia of any Borrower or the other Loan Parties and the Commitments provided hereunder in any tombstone or other advertisements, on its website or in other marketing materials of the Agent. (c) Each Loan Party agrees that Agent may make materials or information provided by or on behalf of Borrowers hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials available to the Lenders by posting the Communications on IntraLinks, SyndTrak or a substantially similar secure electronic transmission system (the Platform ). The Platform is provided as is and as available. Agent does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Borrower Materials, or the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness 

145 173127432 for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by Agent in connection with the Borrower Materials or the Platform. In no event shall Agent or any of the Agent-Related Persons have any liability to the Loan Parties, any Lender or any other person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Loan Party s or Agent s transmission of communications through the Internet, except to the extent the liability of such person is found in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such person s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Each Loan Party further agrees that certain of the Lenders may be public-side Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities) (each, a Public Lender ). The Loan Parties shall be deemed to have authorized Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders to treat Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC or otherwise at any time filed with the SEC as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws. All Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated as Public Investor (or another similar term). Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC or that are not at any time filed with the SEC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not marked as Public Investor (or such other similar term). 17.10 Survival. All representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that Agent, Issuing Bank, or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of, or any accrued interest on, any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding or unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or been terminated. 17.11 Patriot Act; Due Diligence. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. In addition, Agent and each Lender shall have the right to periodically conduct due diligence on all Loan Parties, thei r senior management and key principals and legal and beneficial owners. Each Loan Party agrees to cooperate in respect of the conduct of such due diligence and further agrees that the reasonable costs and charges for any such due diligence by Agent shall constitute Lender Group Expenses hereunder and be for the account of Borrowers. 17.12 Integration. This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, reflects the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, before the date hereof. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, all Bank Product Agreements, if any, are independent agreements governed by the written provisions of such Bank Product Agreements, which will remain in full force and effect, unaffected by any repayment, prepayments, acceleration, reduction, increase, 

146 173127432 or change in the terms of any credit extended hereunder, except as otherwise expressly provided in such Bank Product Agreement. 17.13 Nautilus as Agent for Borrowers. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Nautilus as the borrowing agent and attorney-in-fact for all Borrowers (the Administrative Borrower which appointment shall remain in full force and effect unless and until Agent shall have received prior written notice signed by each Borrower that such appointment has been revoked and that another Borrower has been appointed Administrative Borrower. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Borrower (a) to provide Agent with all notices with respect to Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit obtained for the benefit of any Borrower and all other notices and instructions under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and any notice or instruction provided by Administrative Borrower shall be deemed to be given by Borrowers hereunder and shall bind each Borrower), (b) to receive notices and instructions from members of the Lender Group (and any notice or instruction provided by any member of the Lender Group to the Administrative Borrower in accordance with the terms hereof shall be deemed to have been given to each Borrower), and (c) to take such action as the Administrative Borrower deems appropriate on its behalf to obtain Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit and to exercise such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto to carry out the purposes of this Agreement. It is understood that the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral in a combined fashion, as more fully set forth herein, is done solely as an accommodation to Borrowers in order to utilize the collective borrowing powers of Borrowers in the most efficient and economical manner and at their request, and that Lender Group shall not incur liability to any Borrower as a result hereof. Each Borrower expects to derive benefit, directly or indirectly, from the handling of the Loan Account and the Collateral in a combined fashion since the successful operation of each Borrower is dependent on the continued successful performance of the integrated group. To induce the Lender Group to do so, and in consideration thereof, each Borrower hereby jointly and severally agrees to indemnify each member of the Lender Group and hold each member of the Lender Group harmless against any and all liability, expense, loss or claim of damage or injury, made against the Lender Group by any Borrower or by any third party whosoever, arising from or incurred by reason of (i) the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of Borrowers as herein provided, or (ii) the Lender Group s relying on any instructions of the Administrative Borrower, except that Borrowers will have no liability to the relevant Agent-Related Person or Lender-Related Person under this Section 17.13 with respect to any liability that has been finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent-Related Person or Lender-Related Person, as the case may be. 17.14 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

147 173127432 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 17.15 Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedge Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Aff iliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 17.16 Erroneous Payments. (a) Each Lender, each Issuing Bank, each other Bank Product Provider and any other party hereto hereby severally agrees that if (i) Agent notifies (which such notice shall be conclusive absent manifest error) such Lender or Issuing Bank or any Bank Product Provider (or the Lender which is an Affiliate of a Lender, Issuing Bank or Bank Product Provider) or any other Person that has received funds from Agent or any of its Affiliates, either for its own account or on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Bank or Bank Product Provider (each such recipient, a Payment Recipient that Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Payment Recipient were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment Recipient) or (ii) any Payment Recipient receives any payment from Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by Agent (or any of 

148 173127432 its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, or (z) that such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted or received in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) then, in each case, an error in payment shall be presumed to have been made (any such amounts specified in clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 17.16(a), whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise; individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment ), then, in each case, such Payment Recipient is deemed to have knowledge of such error at the time of its receipt of such Erroneous Payment; provided that nothing in this Section 17.16 shall require Agent to provide any of the notices specified in clauses (i) or (ii) above. Each Payment Recipient agrees that it shall not assert any right or claim to any Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. (b) Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (a), each Payment Recipient agrees that, in the case of clause (a)(ii) above, it shall promptly notify Agent in writing of such occurrence. (c) In the case of either clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of Agent, and upon demand from Agent such Payment Recipient shall (or, shall cause any Person who received any portion of an Erroneous Payment on its behalf to), promptly, but in all events no later than one Business Day thereafter, return to Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds and in the currency so received, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. (d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (c), from any Lender that is a Payment Recipient or an Affiliate of a Payment Recipient (such unrecovered amount as to such Lender, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), then at the sole discretion of Agent and upon Agent s written notice to such Lender (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have made a cashless assignment of the full face amount of the portion of its Loans (but not its Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Loans to Agent or, at the option of Agent, Agent s applicable lending affiliate (such assignee, the Agent Assignee in an amount that is equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Loans, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such assigned amount, without further consent or approval of any party hereto and without any payment by Agent Assignee as the assignee of such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. Without limitation of its rights hereunder, following the effectiveness of the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, Agent may make a cashless reassignment to the applicable assigning Lender of any Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at any time by written notice to the applicable assigning Lender and upon such reassignment a ll of the Loans assigned pursuant to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall be reassigned to such Lender without any requirement for payment or other consideration. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (1) any assignment contemplated in this clause (d) shall be made without any requirement for any payment or other consideration paid by the applicable assignee or received 

149 173127432 by the assignor, (2) the provisions of this clause (d) shall govern in the event of any conflict with the terms and conditions of Section 13 and (3) Agent may reflect such assignments in the Register without further consent or action by any other Person. (e) Each party hereto hereby agrees that (x) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, Agent (1) shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Payment Recipient and (2) is authorized to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Payment Recipient under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by Agent to such Payment Recipient from any source, against any amount due to Agent under this Section 17.16 or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement, (y) the receipt of an Erroneous Payment by a Payment Recipient shall not for the purpose of this Agreement be treated as a payment, prepayment, repayment, discharge or other satisfaction of any Obligations owed by the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by Agent from the Borrowers or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making for a payment on the Obligations and (z) to the extent that an Erroneous Payment was in any way or at any time cred ited as payment or satisfaction of any of the Obligations, the Obligations or any part thereof that were so credited, and all rights of the Payment Recipient, as the case may be, shall be reinstated and continue in full force and effect as if such payment or satisfaction had never been received. (f) Each party s obligations under this Section 17.16 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Agent or any transfer of right or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. (g) The provisions of this Section 17.16 to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) nothing in this Section 17.16 will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from any Payment Recipient s receipt of an Erroneous Payment and (ii) there will only be deemed to be a recovery of the Erroneous Payment to the extent that Agent has received payment from the Payment Recipient in immediately available funds the Erroneous Payment Return, whether directly from the Payment Recipient, as a result of the exercise by Agent of its righ ts of subrogation or set off as set forth above in clause (e) or as a result of the receipt by Agent Assignee of a payment of the outstanding principal balance of the Loans assigned to Agent Assignee pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, but excluding any other amounts in respect thereof (it being agreed that any payments of interest, fees, expenses or other amounts (other than principal) received by Agent Assignee in respect of the Loans assigned to Agent Assignee pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall be the sole property of Agent Assignee and shall not constitute a recovery of the Erroneous Payment). 17.17 Intercreditor Provisions. (a) Borrowers shall not, and shall not permit any Domestic Subsidiary to, grant or permit any Liens on any asset or property to secure any Third-Party Term Loan Obligations unless such Borrower or Domestic Subsidiary has granted a Lien on such asset or property to secure the Obligations. (b) Each Borrower agrees to, and agrees to cause each of its respective Domestic Subsidiaries to, take such further action and shall execute and deliver such additional documents and instruments (in recordable form, if requested) as the Agent may reasonably request to effectuate the terms of and the Lien priorities contemplated by this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement. 

150 173127432 (c) Each member of the Lender Group irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes Agent to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement on its behalf and to take such action on its behalf pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. Each member of the Lender Group agrees to be bound by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern. No reference to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other intercreditor or subordination agreement in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents shall be construed to provide that any Loan Party is a third party beneficiary of the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement or such other agreement or may assert any rights, defense or claims on account of the Intercreditor Agreement or such other agreement or this Section 17.17, and each Loan Party agrees that nothing in the Intercreditor Agreement or such other agreement is intended or shall impair the obligation of any Loan Party to pay the Obligations under this Agreement, or any other Loan Document as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with their respective terms, or to affect the relative rights of the creditors with respect to any Loan Party or, except as expressly otherwise provided in the Intercreditor Agreement or such other agreement as to a Loan Party s obligations, such Loan Party s properties. [Signature pages to follow.] 

Schedule A-1 Page 1 of 1 173127432 SCHEDULE A-1 Agent s Account Bank information: Bank name: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Bank address: 420 Montgomery Street San Francisco, California ABA number: 121-000-248 Beneficiary information: Account name: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Account number: 37235547964504750 Reference: NAUTILUS, INC. Address: 2450 Colorado Avenue Suite 3000W Santa Monica, California 90404 

Schedule A-2 Page 1 of 1 173127432 SCHEDULE A-2 Authorized Persons Entity Officers/Directors Title Nautilus, Inc. Aina E. Konold Chief Financial Officer Nautilus, Inc. Alan Chan Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Nautilus, Inc. Sarah Jones Chief Accounting Officer 

Schedule C-1 Page 1 of 1 173127432 SCHEDULE C-1 Commitments Lender Revolver Commitment Total Commitment Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 60,000,000 60,000,000 All Lenders 60,000,000 60,000,000 

Schedule C-2 Page 1 of 1 173127432 SCHEDULE C-2 Customs Brokers 1. Expeditors International of Washington, Inc, 2508 N Marine Dr, Portland, OR 97217 

Schedule D-1 Page 1 of 1 173127432 SCHEDULE D-1 Designated Account Owner Type of Account Bank or Intermediary Account Numbers Nautilus, Inc. Operating Account Wells Fargo Bank 4179516059 

Schedule P-2 Page 1 of 1 173127432 SCHEDULE P-1 Permitted Investments 1. Nautilus, Inc. holds a minority equity interest in Feed Media Inc. 2. Nautilus, Inc. holds a minority equity interest in Vi Labs Ltd. (f/k/a Life-Beam Technologies Ltd.). 3. Nautilus, Inc. holds a 50 equity interest in Pacific Direct, LLC. 4. Schedule 4.1(c) is hereby incorporated by reference thereto. 5. Investments made prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date by Borrowers in Nautilus Swiss and Nautilus Shanghai Fitness. 

Schedule 3.1 Page 1 of 5 173127432 SCHEDULE P-2 Permitted Liens 1. Assignment of Deposit Account in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., dated as of January 29, 2020 in relation to all Cash in account #3822328655 in respect of customs bond/letter of credit. 2. UCC-1 Financing Statement filed against Nautilus, Inc. by BFG Corporation on September 22, 2021 under Filing #2021-265-1948-4 with the Washington State Department of Licensing, and as in effect on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (the BFG Financing Statement ). 

Schedule 3.1 Page 2 of 5 173127432 SCHEDULE 3.1 Conditions Precedent The obligation of each Lender to make its initial extension of credit provided for in this Agreement is subject to the fulfillment, to the satisfaction of each Lender (the making of such initial extension of credit by any Lender being conclusively deemed to be its satisfaction or waiver of the following), of each of the following conditions precedent: (a) the Closing Date shall occur on or before March 18, 2020; (b) Agent shall have received a letter duly executed by each Loan Party authorizing Agent to file appropriate financing statements in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests to be created by the Loan Documents; (c) Agent shall have received evidence that appropriate financing statements have been duly filed in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of Agent, desirable to perfect the Agent s Liens in and to the Collateral, and Agent shall have received searches reflecting the filing of all such financing statements; (d) Agent shall have received each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, duly executed and delivered, and each such document shall be in full force and effect: (i) a completed Borrowing Base Certificate (which such Borrowing Base Certificate (A) shall show the Borrowing Base or the Alternative Closing Borrowing Base, as applicable, and (B) shall be delivered in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.2 of this Agreement), (ii) [reserved], (iii) subject to Section 5.18 of this Agreement, the Control Agreements, (iv) subject to Section 5.18 of this Agreement, the Controlled Account Agreements, (v) [reserved], (vi) copies of the Credit Card Notifications delivered to the Credit Card Issuers and Credit Card Processors listed on Schedule 4.31 to this Agreement as of the Closing Date, (vii) the Fee Letter, (viii) the Flow of Funds Agreement, (ix) the Guaranty and Security Agreement, (x) the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, (xi) a completed Perfection Certificate for each of the Loan Parties, (xii) the Patent Security Agreement, 

Schedule 3.1 Page 3 of 5 173127432 (xiii) the Trademark Security Agreement, and (xiv) a letter, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent under the Existing Credit Facility Existing Agent ), respecting the amount necessary to repay in full all of the obligations of Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries owing under the Existing Credit Facility and obtain a release of all of the Liens existing in favor of Existing Agent in and to the assets of Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries, together with termination statements and other documentation evidencing the termination by Existing Agent of its Liens in and to the properties and assets of Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries; (e) Agent shall have received a certificate from the Secretary of each Loan Party (i) attesting to the resolutions of such Loan Party s board of directors authorizing its execution, delivery, and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (ii) authorizing specific officers of such Loan Party to execute the same, and (iii) attesting to the incumbency and signatures of such specific officers of such Loan Party; (f) Agent shall have received copies of each Loan Party s Governing Documents, as amended, modified, or supplemented to the Closing Date, which Governing Documents shall be (i) certified by the Secretary of such Loan Party, and (ii) with respect to Governing Documents that are charter documents, certified as of a recent date (not more than 30 days prior to the Closing Date) by the appropriate governmental official; (g) Agent shall have received a certificate of status with respect to each Loan Party, dated within 10 days of the Closing Date, such certificate to be issued by the appropriate officer of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party, which certificate shall indicate that such Loan Party is in good standing in such jurisdiction; (h) Agent shall have received certificates of status with respect to each Loan Party, each dated within 30 days of the Closing Date, such certificates to be issued by the appropriate officer of the jurisdictions (other than the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party) in which its failure to be duly qualified or licensed would constitute a Material Adverse Effect, which certificates shall indicate that such Loan Party is in good standing in such jurisdictions; (i) subject to Section 5.18 of this Agreement, Agent shall have received a certificate of insurance, together with the endorsements thereto, as are required by Section 5.6 of this Agreement, the form and substance of which shall be satisfactory to Agent; (j) subject to Section 5.18 of this Agreement, Agent shall have received Collateral Access Agreements with respect to the following locations: (i) 17750 Southeast 6th Way, Vancouver, WA 98683; (ii) 18225 NE Riverside Parkway, Portland, OR 97230; and (iii) 5415 Centerpoint Parkway, Obetz, OH 43207; (k) Agent shall have received an opinion of the Loan Parties counsel in form and substance satisfactory to Agent; 

Schedule 3.1 Page 4 of 5 173127432 (l) after giving effect to the initial extensions of credit under this Agreement and the payment of all fees and expenses required to be paid by Borrowers on the Closing Date under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, the result of (i) Availability (excluding the impact of the financial covenants in Section 7 of this Agreement), minus (ii) the aggregate amount, if any, of all trade payables of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries aged in excess of historical levels (other than trade payables being contested or disputed by the Loan Parties in good faith) with respect thereto and all book overdrafts of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries in excess of historical practices with respect thereto, in each case as determined by Agent in its Permitted Discretion. plus (iii) Qualified Cash (but only if no Advances are made on the Closing Date, other than Advances made to reimburse Agent for the Lender Group Expenses described in clause (r) of Schedule 3.1 to this Agreement) shall exceed the following amount, as applicable: (A) if the Alternative Closing Borrowing Base is in effect on the Closing Date, 30,000,000, or (B) if the Borrowing Base (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not the Alternative Closing Borrowing Base) is in effect on the Closing Date, 40,000,000; (m) [Reserved]; (n) Agent shall have completed (i) Patriot Act searches, OFAC/PEP searches and customary individual background checks and other know-your-customer due diligence for each Loan Party, and (ii) OFAC/PEP searches and customary individual background searches and other know-your-customer due diligence for each Loan Party s senior management and key principals, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent; (o) Agent shall have received either (i) the most recent appraisal of the Net Recovery Percentage applicable to Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries Inventory performed by Hilco for or on behalf of Existing Agent, as reissued or assigned to Agent and upon which Agent is entitled to rely, or (ii) if the inventory appraisal described in clause (i) is not so reissued or assigned to Agent, an appraisal of the Net Recovery Percentage applicable to Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries Inventory, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent; (p) Agent shall have received either (i) the most recent appraisal of Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries intellectual property performed by Hilco for or on behalf of Existing Agent, as reissued or assigned to Agent and upon which Agent is entitled to rely, or (ii) if the appraisal of intellectual property described in clause (i) is not so reissued or assigned to Agent, an appraisal of Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries intellectual property, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent; (q) Agent shall have received (i) a set of Projections of Borrowers for the 3-year period following the Closing Date (on a year-by-year basis, and for the 1-year period following the Closing Date, on a month by month basis), in form and substance (including as to scope and underlying assumptions) satisfactory to Agent, and (ii) an unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flow, and statement of shareholder s equity covering Borrowers and their Subsidiaries operations during the period ending December 31, 2019; (r) Borrowers shall have reimbursed Agent for all Lender Group Expenses incurred in connection with the transactions evidenced by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (s) at least ten Business Days prior to the Closing Date, any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party, which such Beneficial Ownership Certificate shall be complete and accurate in all respects; 

Schedule 3.1 Page 5 of 5 173127432 (t) Borrowers and each of their respective Subsidiaries shall have received all licenses, approvals or evidence of other actions required by any Governmental Authority in connection with the execution and delivery by Borrowers or their respective Subsidiaries of the Loan Documents or with the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; and (u) all other documents and legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been delivered, executed, or recorded and shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Agent. 

Schedule 3.1 Page 1 of 1 173127432 SCHEDULE 4.1(b) Capitalization of Borrowers Equity Interests of Borrowers Current Legal Entities Owned Record Owner Classes of Equity Interests Number of Issued and Outstanding Shares per Class Nautilus, Inc. various owners Common Stock. 31,610,130 shares issued and outstanding (as of 08/05/2022). 

173127432 SCHEDULE 4.1(c) Capitalization of Borrowers Subsidiaries Current Legal Entities Owned Record Owner Certificate No. No. Shares/Interest Percent Pledged Nautilus Fitness Canada, Inc. Nautilus, Inc. R4 65 (common stock) 100 Nautilus Fitness Canada, Inc. Nautilus, Inc. 4 35 (common stock) 100 Nautilus (Shanghai) Fitness Equipments Co., Ltd. Nautilus, Inc. 1 1 (Certificate) 65 Nautilus (Shanghai) Fitness Co., Ltd. Nautilus, Inc. Unknown Unknown 65 Nautilus Fitness International B.V. (f/k/a Octane Fitness International B.V.) Nautilus, Inc. N/A - register entry 75,000 65 Nautilus Fitness UK, Ltd. (f/k/a Octane Fitness UK Limited) Nautilus Fitness International B.V. (f/k/a Octane Fitness International B.V.) 1 1 0 Nautilus Switzerland AG (f/k/a VAY AG) Nautilus, Inc. 1 1,000,000 65 US Octane Fitness Limited Nautilus, Inc. 3 100 65 

173127432 SCHEDULE 4.1(d) Subscriptions, Options, Warrants, Calls None. 

173127432 SCHEDULE 4.6(b) Litigation None. 

173127432 SCHEDULE 4.10 Employee Benefits 1. Agreement between VZW BVG Sammelstiftung Zurich and Nautilus Switzerland, AG (f/k/a VAY AG), signed on 21/22 July 2021 and effective as per its terms as of 1 July 2020. 2. Agreement between Nationale-Nederlanden Levensverzekering Maatschappij N.V. and Nautilus Fitness International B.V., signed on 14 April 2021 and effective as per its terms as of 1 August 2021. 

173127432 SCHEDULE 4.11 Environmental Matters (a) None. (b) None. (c) None. (d) None. 

173127432 SCHEDULE 4.14 Permitted Indebtedness L/C Number Expiry Amount Beneficiary NUSCGS03 0039 N/A USD 900,000 The Hanover Insurance Company IS000326548 U October 18, 2023 USD 662,000 Synchrony Bank Total Amount of L/C Obligations USD 1,562,000 Capital Lease Obligations arising under that certain Lease Agreement 1.00 Purchase Option (Agreement Number 61974) dated September 23, 2021 by and between Nautilus, Inc. and BFG Corporation (d/b/a Byline Financial Group). 

173127432 SCHEDULE 4.25 Location of Inventory Distribution Centers 1. 5415 Centerpoint Parkway, Groveport, OH 43125 (Nautilus, Inc.) 2. 23850 Brodiaea Avenue, Moreno Valley, CA 92553 (Nautilus, Inc.) Third Party Logistics Companies Warehouse Locations 1. SEKO Benelux BV Geyssendorfferweg 25, 3088GJ Rotterdam, The Netherlands (Nautilus Fitness International B.V.) 2. SEKO Logistics Group Limited/SEKO Farnborough Logistics Limited Unit 1M Albany Park, Camberley, GU16 7PL, United Kingdom (Nautilus Fitness UK, Ltd.) 3. IM CLS Canada ULC 5050 Keaton Crescent, Mississauga ON L5R3G3, Canada (Nautilus Fitness Canada, Inc.) [continued on next page] 

173127432 Bailees, Warehousemen, Etc. Company Company s Interest (e.g., owner, lessee or bailor) Name and Address of Third Party with Interest in Location Third Party s Interest (e.g., mortgagee, lessor, bailee or warehouseman) Street Address with County and Country Description of Inventory and Equipment Nautilus, Inc. Lessee (Distribution Center Location - Ohio) Granite Reit (Property Management JLL) 77 King Street West, Suite 4010 P.O. Box 159, Toronto-Dominion Centre Toronto, Ontario M5K 1H1 Canada Lessor (Distribution Center Location Ohio) 5415 Centerpoint Parkway, Groveport, OH 43125 (Finished goods/Parts/Inventory) Nautilus, Inc. Lessee (Distribution Center Location - So. Cal.) Brodiaea APG LLC 100 Bayview Circle, Suite 310 Newport Beach, California 92660 United States Lessor (Distribution Center Location So. Cal.) 23850 Brodiaea Avenue, Moreno Valley, CA 92553 (Finished goods/Parts/Inventory) Nautilus Fitness International B.V. Bailor (Inventory) SEKO Benelux BV Naritaweg 2, 1437 EL, Rozenburg, The Netherlands Warehouseman (Inventory) Geyssendorfferweg 25, 3088GJ Rotterdam, The Netherlands (Finished goods/Parts/Inventory) Nautilus Fitness UK, Ltd. Bailor (Inventory) SEKO Logistics Group Limited/SEKO Farnborough Logistics Limited Mazars, 30 Old Bailey, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7AU Warehouseman (Inventory) Unit 1M Albany Park, Camberley, GU16 7PL, United Kingdom (Finished goods/Parts/Inventory) Nautilus Fitness Canada, Inc. Bailor (Inventory) IM CLS Canada ULC 600-1741 Lower Water Street Halifax, Nova Scotia B3J 0J2 Warehouseman (Inventory) 5050 Keaton Crescent, Mississauga ON L5R3G3, Canada 

173127432 (Finished goods/Parts/Inventory) 

Schedule Page 1 of 2 173127432 SCHEDULE 4.31 Credit Card Arrangements Credit Card Processor Entity with Account Merchant Account Number Synchrony Bank 170 Election Drive, Suite 125 Draper, UT 84020 Nautilus, Inc. 5348121680000210 Vive Financial 256 Data Drive, 2nd Floor Draper, UT 84020 Nautilus, Inc. 8410 Wells Fargo Merchant Services 999 3rd Ave Seattle, WA 98104 Nautilus, Inc. 226145155991; 227146959993 American Express 24-02-18 P.O. Box 53765 Phoenix, AZ 85027-3765 Nautilus, Inc. 5462578808; 2468932645 

Schedule Page 2 of 2 173127432 SCHEDULE 4.32 Material Contracts 1. Trademark License Agreement, dated September 20, 2001, by and between Pacific Direct, LLC, Schwinn Acquisition LLC and Nautilus, Inc. 2. License Agreement dated December 5, 2009, by and between Nautilus, Inc. and Fit Dragon International, Inc. 3. Commercial License Agreement effective as of July 18, 2014, by and between Nautilus, Inc. and Core Health Fitness, LLC. 4. Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 14, 2020, by and between Nautilus, Inc. and True Fitness Technology, Inc. 5. Master Supply Agreement for Fitness Products dated November 15, 2021, by and between Nautilus, Inc. and Zhejiang Arcana Power Sports Tech. CO., LTD. 6. Vendor Terms and Conditions of Amazon.com Services, Inc. and its affiliates effective as of June 4, 2018, acknowledged and accepted by Nautilus, Inc. related to U.S. and Canada operations. 7. Vendor Terms and Conditions of Amazon.com Services, Inc. and its affiliates effective as of June 4, 2018, acknowledged and accepted by Nautilus Fitness International B.V. related to Europe operations. 8. Vendor Terms and Conditions of Amazon EU Sarl and its affiliates effective as of November 2018, acknowledged and accepted by Nautilus, Inc. related to U.K. operations. 9. Vendor Terms and Conditions of Amazon EU Sarl and its affiliates, acknowledged and accepted by Nautilus Fitness International B.V. related to France operations. 10. Vendor Terms and Conditions of Amazon EU Sarl and its affiliates effective as of November 2018, acknowledged and accepted by Nautilus Fitness International B.V. related to Germany operations. 11. Vendor Terms and Conditions of Amazon EU Sarl and its affiliates effective as of November 2018, acknowledged and accepted by Nautilus Fitness International B.V. related to Italy operations. 

Schedule 5.1 Page 1 of 3 173127432 SCHEDULE 5.1 Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates Deliver to Agent (and if so requested by Agent, with copies for each Lender) each of the financial statements, reports, or other items set forth below at the following times in form satisfactory to Agent: as soon as available, but in any event, the earlier of (x) the date of delivery to the ABL Third-Party Term Agent and the ABL Third-Party Term Loan Lenders or (y) within 30 days (45 days in the case of a month that is the end of one of Borrowers fiscal quarters) after the end of each month during each of Borrowers fiscal years, (a) an unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flow, and statement of shareholder s equity covering Borrowers and their Subsidiaries operations during such period and compared to the prior period and plan, together with a corresponding discussion and analysis of results from management, and (b) a Compliance Certificate along with the underlying calculations, including the calculations to arrive at Availability and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (whether or not a Covenant Testing Period exists) and components thereof (including, without limitation, EBITDA). as soon as available, but in any event, the earlier of (x) the date of delivery to the ABL Third-Party Term Loan Agent and the ABL Third-Party Term Loan Lenders or (y) within 90 days after the end of each of Borrowers fiscal years, (c) consolidated and consolidating financial statements of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries for each such fiscal year, provided that, the consolidated and consolidating financial statements for the period ending March 31, 2022 will be stated in separate columns for (A) the income and cash flow statements for the transition period from January 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021 and (B) all statements for the fiscal year April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022, audited by independent certified public accountants reasonably acceptable to Agent and certified, without any qualifications (including any (i) going concern or like qualification or exception, (ii) qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, or (iii) qualification which relates to the treatment or classification of any item and which, as a condition to the removal of such qualification, would require an adjustment to such item, the effect of which would be to cause any noncompliance with the provisions of Section 7 of the Agreement or Section 7 of the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement), by such accountants to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (such audited financial statements to include a balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flow, and statement of shareholder s equity, and, if prepared, such accountants letter to management), and (d) a Compliance Certificate along with the underlying calculations, including the calculations to arrive at Availability and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (whether or not a Covenant Testing Period exists) and components thereof (including, without limitation, EBITDA). 

Schedule 5.1 Page 2 of 3 173127432 as soon as available, but in any event, the earlier of (x) the date of delivery to the ABL Third-Party Term Loan Agent and the ABL Third-Party Term Loan Lenders or (y) within 30 days prior to the start of each of Borrowers fiscal years, (e) copies of Borrowers Projections, in form and substance (including as to scope and underlying assumptions) satisfactory to Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, for the forthcoming three years, year by year, and for the forthcoming fiscal year, month by month, certified by the chief financial officer or treasurer of Administrative Borrower as being such officer s good faith estimate of the financial performance of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries during the period covered thereby. if and when filed by Administrative Borrower, (f) Form 10-Q quarterly reports, Form 10-K annual reports, and Form 8-K current reports, (g) any other filings made by any Borrower with the SEC, and (h) any other information that is provided by any Borrower to its shareholders generally. promptly, but in any event within 5 days after any Borrower has knowledge of any event or condition that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default, (i) notice of such event or condition and a statement of the curative action that Borrowers propose to take with respect thereto. promptly after the commencement thereof, but in any event within 5 days after the service of process with respect thereto on any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (j) notice of all actions, suits, or proceedings brought by or against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries before any Governmental Authority which reasonably could be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (k) a copy of each Compliance Certificate (as defined in the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement) and copies of any other financial statements or written reports or other items delivered to Third-Party Term Loan Agent pursuant to the terms of the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement if such statements, reports or other items are not also delivered to Agent. upon the request of Agent, (l) any other information reasonably requested relating to the financial condition of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries. 

Schedule 5.1 Page 3 of 3 173127432 

Schedule 5.2 Page 1 of 2 173127432 SCHEDULE 5.2 Collateral Reporting Provide Agent (and if so requested by Agent, with copies for each Lender) with each of the documents set forth below at the following times in form satisfactory to Agent: If (x) no Increased Reporting Period is in effect, the earlier of (1) the date of delivery to the Third-Party Term Loan Agent and the Third-Party Term Loan Lenders or (2) monthly (no later than the 10th day of each month), or (y) an Increased Reporting Period is in effect, the earlier of (1) the date of delivery to the Third-Party Term Loan Agent and the Third-Party Term Loan Lenders or (2) weekly (no later than Wednesday of each week, commencing with the first such day to occur during any Increased Reporting Period), (a) a completed Borrowing Base Certificate, which shall include a calculation of the Term Pushdown Reserve (which such Borrowing Base Certificate shall be delivered in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.2 of this Agreement), (b) a detailed aging, by total, of each Borrower s Accounts and Credit Card Receivables, together with a reconciliation and supporting documentation for any reconciling items noted, (c) (i) a monthly Account roll-forward, in a format acceptable to Agent in its discretion, tied to the beginning and ending account receivable balances of Borrowers general ledger, and (ii) a monthly Credit Card Receivables roll-forward, in a format acceptable to Agent in its discretion, tied to the beginning and ending account receivable balances of Borrowers general ledger (d) a detailed calculation of those Accounts and Credit Card Receivables that are not eligible for the Borrowing Base, (e) (i) notice of all claims, offsets, or disputes asserted by Account Debtors with respect to each Borrower s Accounts, and (ii) notice of all claims, offsets, or disputes asserted by Account Debtors (including Credit Card Issuers and Credit Card Processors) with respect to each Borrower s Credit Card Receivables, (f) Inventory system/perpetual reports specifying the cost and the wholesale market value of each Borrower s Inventory, by category, with additional detail showing additions to and deletions therefrom, together with a reconciliation to Borrowers general ledger, (g) a detailed calculation of Inventory categories that are not eligible for the Borrowing Base, (h) a summary aging, by vendor, of each Loan Party s accounts payable and any book overdraft and an aging, by vendor, of any held checks, and (i) a detailed report regarding each Loan Party s and its Subsidiaries cash, Cash Equivalents, and Permitted Policy Investments, including an indication of which amounts constitute Qualified Cash. 

Schedule 5.2 Page 2 of 2 173127432 The earlier of (1) the date of delivery to the Third-Party Term Loan Agent and the Third-Party Term Loan Lenders or (2) monthly (no later than the 30th day of each month), (j) a reconciliation of Accounts, Credit Card Receivables, accounts payable, and Inventory of Borrowers general ledger to its monthly financial statements, including any book reserves related to each category. (k) a report regarding each Loan Party s and its Subsidiaries accrued, but unpaid, ad valorem taxes, (l) a Perfection Certificate or a supplement to the Perfection Certificate, and (m) a detailed list of each Loan Party s and its Subsidiaries customers, with address and contact information. promptly but in any event within 2 days after any Loan Party acquires any Margin Stock, (n) notice of such acquisition, together with a description of the Margin Stock and a Form U-1 (with sufficient additional originals thereof for each Lender) duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers, together with such other documentation as Agent shall reasonably request, in order to enable Agent and the Lenders to comply with any of the requirements under Regulations T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. upon delivery to Third-Party Term Loan Agent, (o) a copy of each Third-Party Term Loan Borrowing Base Certificate and copies of any other documents delivered to Third-Party Term Agent pursuant to the terms of the Third-Party Term Loan Agreement, if such documents are not also delivered to Agent, and (p) notice of each request for any Third-Party Term Loan. Upon request by Agent (q) copies of purchase orders and invoices for Inventory and Equipment acquired by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (r) copies of invoices together with corresponding shipping and delivery documents, and credit memos together with corresponding supporting documentation, with respect to invoices and credit memos in excess of an amount determined in the sole discretion of Agent, from time to time, (s) any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in parts (c) or (d) of such certification, and (t) such other reports as to the Collateral of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, as Agent may reasonably request. 

Schedule 5.18 Page 1 of 1 173127432 Schedule 5.18 Post-Closing Obligations Complete each of the tasks and other items set forth below at the following times (or such later date as Agent may agree in writing) in a manner satisfactory to Agent: Within 14 days following the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Agent with (a) an acknowledgement and agreement signed by Schwinn Acquisition with respect to the collateral assignment of interests under the Pacific Direct trademark license and operating agreement. [Reserved] (b) (c) (d) 

Schedule 6.5 Page 1 of 1 173127432 Schedule 6.5 Nature of Business Each Loan Party is primarily engaged, directly or indirectly through its subsidiaries, in the business of designing, developing, sourcing and marketing high-quality cardio and strength fitness products, related accessories and a digital platform for consumer and commercial use. 

EXHIBIT B-1 IV Assets IPSA Amendment (See attached) 

Execution Version 173522565_2 PARTIAL RELEASE OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRADEMARKS This PARTIAL RELEASE OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRADEMARKS (this Partial Release is granted as of April 25, 2023 by WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent (the Grantee or the Agent ), in favor of NAUTILUS, INC., a Washington corporation (the Grantor WHEREAS, the Grantor, among others, has executed and delivered: (i) that certain Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and in effect on the date hereof, the Security Agreement capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Security Agreement), in favor of the Agent, (ii) that certain Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2020 (the 2020 Trademark Security Agreement ), which was recorded with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the PTO on January 31, 2020, at Reel 6853 and Frame 0252 and (iii) that certain Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2022 (the 2022 Trademark Security Agreement and, together with the Security Agreement and the 2020 Trademark Security Agreement, collectively, the Agreements ), which was recorded with the PTO on December 1, 2022, at Reel 7906 and Frame 0290; and WHEREAS, the Grantor has requested that the Grantee release and terminate the security interest granted by the Grantor to the Grantee pursuant to the Agreements, but solely with respect to the trademarks listed on Schedule A attached hereto (each a Specified Mark and, collectively, the Specified Marks ), together with (a) all applications and registrations with respect to the Specified Marks, (b) all goodwill of the businesses connected with the use of, and symbolized by, each Specified Mark and (c) all products and proceeds (as defined in the Code) of the foregoing, including any claim against third parties for past, present or future (i) infringement or dilution of any Specified Mark, including the right to receive any damages or (ii) injury to the goodwill associated with any Specified Mark (the Specified Marks, together with clauses (a) through (c) above, collectively, the Released Collateral ). NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Grantee does hereby (i) terminate, release and discharge, without any representation or warranty, any and all liens and security interests it may have in, to and under the Released Collateral and (ii) terminate the Agreements solely with respect to the Released Collateral. Any right, title or interest of the Grantee in the Released Collateral shall hereby terminate, cease and become void. The Grantee hereby assigns, transfers and conveys any and all right, title and interest of the Grantee in the Released Collateral to the Grantor. The Grantee hereby authorizes and requests that the PTO and any other applicable government authority note and record this Partial Release. Except for the release of the Specified Marks specifically identified on Schedule A attached hereto and the other Released Collateral, all terms and provisions of the Agreements shall remain in full force and effect. Nothing contained herein shall in any way impair the validity or enforceability of any Agreement, as modified hereby, or alter, waive, annul, vary, affect or impair any provisions, conditions or covenants contained therein or any rights, powers, or remedies granted therein. Except as specifically released hereby, any lien and/or security interest granted in any Trademark pursuant to any Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect and shall continue to secure the payment and performance of all of the Secured Obligations. THIS PARTIAL RELEASE OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRADEMARKS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

173522565_2 [The Remainder of this Page is Intentionally Left Blank] 

SCHEDULE A SPECIFIED MARKS U.S. RELEASED TRADEMARKS Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status GRAVITRON UNITED STATES 73665138 6/8/1987 1473346 1/19/1988 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 72447164 1/29/1973 991897 8/27/1974 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 73048718 4/7/1975 1084853 2/7/1978 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 73555481 8/26/1985 1391673 4/29/1986 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 75806511 9/24/1999 2970870 7/19/2005 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 78266563 6/24/2003 3122558 8/1/2006 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED STATES 87005055 4/18/2016 5103964 12/20/2016 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE UNITED STATES 77111067 2/20/2007 3432235 5/20/2008 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) UNITED STATES 76610555 9/9/2004 3008430 10/25/2005 REGISTERED 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Swirl Design (Cam Logo) UNITED STATES 78838125 3/15/2006 3415999 4/22/2008 REGISTERED FOREIGN RELEASED TRADEMARKS Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status GRAVITRON BRAZIL 817288112 6/25/1993 817288112 6/6/1995 REGISTERED GRAVITRON GERMANY P37207 11/9/1988 1133915 1/30/1989 REGISTERED Miscellaneous Shell Design 6 CHINA 1747968 3/2/2001 1747968 4/14/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) Miscellaneous Shell Design 6 CHINA 1751833 3/2/2001 1751833 4/7/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Miscellaneous Shell Design 6 TAIWAN 090010539 3/22/2001 00996532 5/1/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) Miscellaneous Shell Design 6 TAIWAN 090010549 3/22/2001 00163074 4/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS ARGENTINA 3328972 5/26/2014 2727947 5/26/2015 REGISTERED NAUTILUS AUSTRALIA 328698 2/13/1979 328698 2/13/1979 REGISTERED NAUTILUS BRAZIL 810753146 2/3/1982 810753146 8/23/1988 REGISTERED NAUTILUS CANADA 474,542 8/25/1981 TMA383,083 4/19/1991 REGISTERED NAUTILUS CANADA 0518,899 3/22/1984 TMA325,920 4/10/1987 REGISTERED NAUTILUS CHILE 838159 9/23/2008 853114 6/18/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS CHINA 1766910 3/2/2001 1766910 5/14/2012 REGISTERED (Did not renew was subject to a cancellation action by an individual named Wang Yanshuo) NAUTILUS CHINA 1941531 3/2/2001 1941531 8/28/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS CHINA 1949896 3/2/2001 1949896 11/21/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS CHINA 2015466 3/2/2001 2015466 11/28/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS COLOMBIA 06204123 3/30/2006 405471 4/14/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS COLOMBIA 92304056 6/28/2003 141220 6/28/2003 REGISTERED NAUTILUS COLOMBIA 92304059 11/21/2014 170840 11/21/2014 REGISTERED NAUTILUS DENMARK VA198001408 3/28/1980 VR198004234 11/14/1980 REGISTERED 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS DENMARK VA198103082 7/22/1981 VR198402841 8/10/1984 REGISTERED NAUTILUS EGYPT 148844 2/6/2002 148844 2/6/2002 REGISTERED NAUTILUS EUROPEAN UNION (EUTM RCD) 001756774 7/3/2000 001756774 2/28/2003 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED KINGDOM 001756774 7/3/2000 UK00901756774 2/28/2003 REGISTERED NAUTILUS FRANCE 304673 8/22/1991 1688501 8/22/1991 REGISTERED NAUTILUS GERMANY J16926 7/22/1981 1029288 2/12/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS GERMANY N19945 10/2/1985 1089597 3/24/1986 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED KINGDOM 1158220 7/23/1981 1158220 7/23/1981 REGISTERED NAUTILUS GUATEMALA 164736 10/16/2007 164736 7/22/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS HONG KONG 19820589 7/14/1981 19820589 3/5/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS HONG KONG 19820590 7/14/1981 19820590 3/5/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS HONG KONG 200112858AA 1/5/2001 200112858AA 11/13/2001 REGISTERED NAUTILUS INDIA 649412 12/21/1994 649412 5/11/2005 REGISTERED NAUTILUS INDIA 649408 12/21/1994 649408 12/21/1994 REGISTERED NAUTILUS IRELAND 100631 7/20/1981 100631 12/14/1983 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ITALY 362021000148508 9/9/1981 362021000148508 8/25/1986 REGISTERED NAUTILUS JAPAN S59078184 7/19/1984 2036329 4/26/1988 REGISTERED NAUTILUS MALAYSIA M91862 8/24/1981 M91862 8/24/1981 REGISTERED NAUTILUS MEXICO 230163 4/21/1995 495699 6/28/1995 REGISTERED NAUTILUS NEW ZEALAND 137828 7/7/1981 137828 12/20/1990 REGISTERED NAUTILUS NEW ZEALAND 137829 7/7/1981 137829 12/21/1990 REGISTERED NAUTILUS NEW ZEALAND 137830 7/7/1981 137830 12/21/1990 REGISTERED NAUTILUS NEW ZEALAND 137831 7/7/1981 137831 12/21/1990 REGISTERED NAUTILUS NORWAY 812000 7/21/1981 129689 8/13/1987 REGISTERED NAUTILUS PERU 418246-2010 4/5/2006 141834 11/20/2007 REGISTERED NAUTILUS PERU 345322 2/22/2008 145159 11/19/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS RUSSIA 2008721449 7/7/2008 386823 8/14/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SINGAPORE T8103140B 7/17/1981 T8103140B 2/6/1985 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SINGAPORE T8103141J 7/17/1981 T8103141J 8/24/1983 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SINGAPORE T8103142I 7/17/1981 T8103142I 8/17/1983 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SINGAPORE T8103143G 7/17/1981 T8103143G 8/13/1988 REGISTERED 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS SOUTH AFRICA 2008/23426 10/3/2008 2008/23426 10/3/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SOUTH KOREA 5020040003651 3/23/2004 4000996410000 3/27/2004 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SPAIN 982034 8/1/1981 982034 9/6/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SWEDEN 1981/03845 7/21/1981 184446 12/17/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS SWITZERLAND 04073/1981 7/29/1981 2P-318660 10/11/1982 REGISTERED NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010511 3/22/2001 00991845 4/1/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010512 3/22/2001 00994024 4/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010513 3/22/2001 01006821 7/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010515 3/22/2001 00999112 5/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010516 3/22/2001 01002446 6/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010518 3/22/2001 1019657 10/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010519 3/22/2001 00996914 5/1/2002 REGISTERED NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010520 3/22/2001 00991050 3/16/2002 REGISTERED NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010521 3/22/2001 01008715 7/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010522 3/22/2001 00161632 3/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS TAIWAN 090010523 3/22/2001 00163072 4/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS THAILAND 701723 7/11/2008 TM303899 7/11/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED ARAB EMR 42937 6/16/2001 34014 10/19/2002 REGISTERED NAUTILUS UNITED ARAB EMR 46573 3/10/2002 370660 4/12/2003 REGISTERED NAUTILUS BAHRAIN WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 7/8/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ICELAND WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 12/3/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS MOROCCO WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 1/8/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS MOLDOVA WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 1/8/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS MONTENEGRO WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 1/8/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS WIPO WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 12/3/2008 REGISTERED 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS SERBIA WO988179 12/3/2008 WO988179 1/8/2010 REGISTERED NAUTILUS VENEZUELA 2016-021118 12/22/2016 PUBLISHED NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010524 3/22/2001 00991846 4/1/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010526 3/22/2001 00994557 4/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010528 3/22/2001 01007722 7/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010531 3/22/2001 1015771 9/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010533 3/22/2001 985962 2/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010535 3/22/2001 00161633 3/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS (Chinese Characters Stylized) TAIWAN 090010536 3/22/2001 00163073 4/16/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS and Katakana Characters JAPAN S30006489 3/11/1955 475764 1/25/1956 REGISTERED NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters CHINA 1747969 3/2/2001 1747969 4/14/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters CHINA 1751832 3/2/2001 1751832 4/21/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters CHINA 1941534 3/2/2001 1941534 8/28/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters CHINA 1949893 3/2/2001 1949893 11/21/2002 REGISTERED (Renewed) NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters HONG KONG 200111377AA 1/8/2001 200111377AA 10/4/2001 REGISTERED NAUTILUS in Chinese Characters CHINA 27653563 11/23/2017 27653563 1/28/2019 REGISTERED 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design CANADA 0779,554 4/4/1995 TMA539110 1/3/2001 REGISTERED NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design CANADA 0556,893 2/6/1986 TMA454,482 2/23/1996 REGISTERED NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design FRANCE 1353894 5/7/1986 1353894 5/7/1986 REGISTERED 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design IRELAND 116960 10/9/1985 116960 10/9/1985 REGISTERED NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design ITALY 362015000047095 10/13/2005 302005901350313 9/9/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design JAPAN H09-105944 4/11/1997 4304339 8/13/1999 REGISTERED NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design JAPAN H11115523 12/17/1999 4436487 12/1/2000 REGISTERED 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status NAUTILUS Italicized Thick Design SWITZERLAND 03863/1986 6/16/1986 P-348265 9/9/1986 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE NEW ZEALAND 774214 8/20/2007 774214 2/21/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE SOUTH AFRICA 200718721 8/20/2007 200718721 8/20/2007 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE UNITED ARAB EMR 99060 8/21/2007 94696 5/5/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE UNITED KINGDOM WO934771 8/17/2007 UK008WO934771 8/1/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE AUSTRALIA WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 2/4/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE SWITZERLAND WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 3/27/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE EUROPEAN UNION (EUTM RCD) WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 8/1/2008 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE JAPAN WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 1/30/2009 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE WIPO WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 8/17/2007 REGISTERED NAUTILUS ONE RUSSIA WO934771 8/17/2007 WO934771 8/17/2007 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) JAPAN WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 2/24/2006 REGISTERED 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Swirl Design (Cam Logo) BRAZIL 829753419 6/6/2008 829753419 8/9/2011 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) CANADA 1,249,526 3/4/2005 TMA724,462 9/25/2008 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) HONG KONG 301147220 6/24/2008 301147220 10/17/2008 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) MEXICO 705510 3/4/2005 888613 6/27/2005 REGISTERED 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Swirl Design (Cam Logo) TAIWAN 094009623 3/4/2005 01181764 11/16/2005 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) UNITED KINGDOM WO846373 3/3/2005 UK008WO846373 4/4/2006 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) AUSTRALIA WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 9/26/2005 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) SWITZERLAND WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 11/5/2006 REGISTERED 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Swirl Design (Cam Logo) CHINA WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 11/5/2006 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) EUROPEAN UNION (EUTM RCD) WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 4/4/2006 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) WIPO WO846373 3/3/2005 WO846373 3/3/2005 REGISTERED Swirl Design (Cam Logo) UNITED ARAB EMR 324673 1/28/2020 324673 5/23/2020 REGISTERED 

Mark with Image Country App. # File Date Reg. # Reg. Date Status Swirl Design (Cam Logo) SINGAPORE 40201927098Y 12/13/2019 40201927098Y 6/6/2020 REGISTERED 

EXHIBIT B-2 IV Assets UCC-3 Amendment (See attached) 

1b. This FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT is to be filed [for record] (or recorded) in the REAL ESTATE RECORDS Filer: attach Amendment Addendum (Form UCC3Ad) and provide Debtor s name in item 13 THE ABOVE SPACE IS FOR FILING OFFICE USE ONLY RESTATE covered collateral ASSIGN collateral Check one of these three boxes to: FIRST PERSONAL NAME SUFFIXADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S) OR A. NAME PHONE OF CONTACT AT FILER (optional) 1a. INITIAL FINANCING STATEMENT FILE NUMBER PARTY INFORMATION CHANGE: ASSIGNMENT (full or partial): Provide name of Assignee in item 7a or 7b, and address of Assignee in item 7c and name of Assignor in item 9 For partial assignment, complete items 7 and 9 and also indicate affected collateral in item 8 TERMINATION: Effectiveness of the Financing Statement identified above is terminated with respect to the security interest(s) of Secured Party authorizing this Termination Statement CONTINUATION: Effectiveness of the Financing Statement identified above with respect to the security interest(s) of Secured Party authorizing this Continuation Statement is continued for the additional period provided by applicable law 2. 3. 4. 6b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME 6a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME DELETE name: Give record name to be deleted in item 6a or 6b 6. CURRENT RECORD INFORMATION: Complete for Party Information Change - provide only one name (6a or 6b) 7. CHANGED OR ADDED INFORMATION: Complete for Assignment or Party Information Change - provide only one name (7a or 7b) (use exact, full name; do not omit, modify, or abbreviate any part of the Debtor s name) 8. UCC FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS ADD name: Complete item 7a or 7b, and item 7c OR FIRST PERSONAL NAME ADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S) SUFFIX 9a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME 9b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME 10. OPTIONAL FILER REFERENCE DATA: 9. NAME OF SECURED PARTY OF RECORD AUTHORIZING THIS AMENDMENT: Provide only one name (9a or 9b) (name of Assignor, if this is an Assignment) If this is an Amendment authorized by a DEBTOR, check here and provide name of authorizing Debtor B. E-MAIL CONTACT AT FILER (optional) C. SEND ACKNOWLEDGMENT TO: (Name and Address) CHANGE name and/or address: Complete item 6a or 6b; and item 7a or 7b and item 7cDebtor or Secured Party of record Check one of these two boxes: AND This Change affects 5. ADD collateral DELETE collateralCOLLATERAL CHANGE: Also check one of these four boxes: OR 7a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME POSTAL CODECITY7c. MAILING ADDRESS 7b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME INDIVIDUAL'S FIRST PERSONAL NAME INDIVIDUAL'S ADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S) STATE SUFFIX COUNTRY Indicate collateral: FILING OFFICE COPY UCC FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT (Form UCC3) (Rev. 04/20/11) 2020-031-9190-1, filed on 1/31/2020 All Assets (as such term is defined in that certain Purchase Agreement, dated on or about (Date), the Purchase Agreement between Debtor and [Buyer] and, for purposes of Section 6.16 thereof, Ideavillage Products Corp., a New Jersey corporation, which Assets specifically exclude any excluded assets set forth in the Purchase Agreement. A copy of the Purchase Agreement is on file with the Secured Party. This partial release relates only to the portion of the Collateral covered by the original financing statement which is described above, and nothing contained herein shall limit, modify, affect or impair the rights of the Secured Party in the remaining Collateral not released hereby. Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Agent Washington Department of Licensing (2029724-1529) (Debtor: Nautilus, Inc.) International Association of Commercial Administrators (IACA) 

EXHIBIT C VI UCC-3 Amendment (See attached) 

1b. This FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT is to be filed [for record] (or recorded) in the REAL ESTATE RECORDS Filer: attach Amendment Addendum (Form UCC3Ad) and provide Debtor s name in item 13 THE ABOVE SPACE IS FOR FILING OFFICE USE ONLY RESTATE covered collateral ASSIGN collateral Check one of these three boxes to: FIRST PERSONAL NAME SUFFIXADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S) OR A. NAME PHONE OF CONTACT AT FILER (optional) 1a. INITIAL FINANCING STATEMENT FILE NUMBER PARTY INFORMATION CHANGE: ASSIGNMENT (full or partial): Provide name of Assignee in item 7a or 7b, and address of Assignee in item 7c and name of Assignor in item 9 For partial assignment, complete items 7 and 9 and also indicate affected collateral in item 8 TERMINATION: Effectiveness of the Financing Statement identified above is terminated with respect to the security interest(s) of Secured Party authorizing this Termination Statement CONTINUATION: Effectiveness of the Financing Statement identified above with respect to the security interest(s) of Secured Party authorizing this Continuation Statement is continued for the additional period provided by applicable law 2. 3. 4. 6b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME 6a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME DELETE name: Give record name to be deleted in item 6a or 6b 6. CURRENT RECORD INFORMATION: Complete for Party Information Change - provide only one name (6a or 6b) 7. CHANGED OR ADDED INFORMATION: Complete for Assignment or Party Information Change - provide only one name (7a or 7b) (use exact, full name; do not omit, modify, or abbreviate any part of the Debtor s name) 8. UCC FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS ADD name: Complete item 7a or 7b, and item 7c OR FIRST PERSONAL NAME ADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S) SUFFIX 9a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME 9b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME 10. OPTIONAL FILER REFERENCE DATA: 9. NAME OF SECURED PARTY OF RECORD AUTHORIZING THIS AMENDMENT: Provide only one name (9a or 9b) (name of Assignor, if this is an Assignment) If this is an Amendment authorized by a DEBTOR, check here and provide name of authorizing Debtor B. E-MAIL CONTACT AT FILER (optional) C. SEND ACKNOWLEDGMENT TO: (Name and Address) CHANGE name and/or address: Complete item 6a or 6b; and item 7a or 7b and item 7cDebtor or Secured Party of record Check one of these two boxes: AND This Change affects 5. ADD collateral DELETE collateralCOLLATERAL CHANGE: Also check one of these four boxes: OR 7a. ORGANIZATION'S NAME POSTAL CODECITY7c. MAILING ADDRESS 7b. INDIVIDUAL'S SURNAME INDIVIDUAL'S FIRST PERSONAL NAME INDIVIDUAL'S ADDITIONAL NAME(S)/INITIAL(S) STATE SUFFIX COUNTRY Indicate collateral: FILING OFFICE COPY UCC FINANCING STATEMENT AMENDMENT (Form UCC3) (Rev. 04/20/11) 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-21>
 4
 exhibit2110k2022.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF NAUTILUS, INC. 
 
 Nautilus, Inc., a Washington corporation 
 Nautilus Fitness Canada, Inc., a Canadian corporation 
 Nautilus (Shanghai) Fitness Co., Ltd., a Chinese corporation 
 Nautilus (Shanghai) Fitness Equipments Co., Ltd., a Chinese corporation 
 US Octane Fitness Limited, a Hong Kong corporation 
 Nautilus Fitness International, B.V., a Netherlands corporation 
 Nautilus Fitness UK Ltd., a United Kingdom corporation 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit23110k2023.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We have issued our reports dated June 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in the Annual Report of Nautilus, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Nautilus, Inc. on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-249979) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-237998, 333-236660, 333-204455, 333-46936 and 333-259566). 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Bellevue, Washington 
 June 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit31110k2023.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, James Barr IV, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nautilus, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 June 1, 2023 By s James Barr IV Date James Barr IV Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit3210k2023.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Nautilus, Inc., a Washington corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify that 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 June 1, 2023 By s James Barr IV Date James Barr IV Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 June 1, 2023 By s Aina E. Konold Date Aina E. Konold Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit31210k2023.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Aina E. Konold, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nautilus, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 June 1, 2023 By s Aina E. Konold Date Aina E. Konold Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 nls-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 nls-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 nls-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 nls-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 nls-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

