<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1637736_0001410578-23-000675.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13256943</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>753224</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2141665</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4965538</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1893868</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3088872</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000675.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417060313
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000675
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		133
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ELECTRAMECCANICA VEHICLES CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001637736
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38612
		FILM NUMBER:		23822729

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8057 NORTH FRASER WAY
		CITY:			BURNABY
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5J 5M8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		604-428-7656

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8057 NORTH FRASER WAY
		CITY:			BURNABY
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5J 5M8

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000675.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 solo-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

(Mark One) Form 10-K Under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended: Transition report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from ______ to _______. Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol (s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None. (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction or an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recover analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter 1.35 on June 30, 2022) was approximately . The registrant had common shares outstanding as of April 12, 2023. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Page Item 1 Business 5 Item 1A Risk Factors 12 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item 2 Properties 23 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 23 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 24 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Purchases 25 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 26 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 32 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 32 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 66 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 66 Item 9B Other Information 67 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 67 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 68 Item 11 Executive Compensation 78 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 112 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 120 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 123 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 124 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 125 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 REFERENCES As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K or Annual Report ): (i) the terms Registrant , we , us , our , ElectraMeccanica and the Company mean Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp. or, as the context requires, collectively with its consolidated subsidiaries; (ii) SEC refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission; (iii) Securities Act refers to the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (iv) Exchange Act refers to the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (v) all dollar amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated. We have determined that we have ceased to qualify as a foreign private issuer , as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Rule 3b-4 under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of June 30, 2022, being the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. We no longer qualify as a foreign private issuer because, as of June 30, 2022, more than 50 percent of our common shares were directly or indirectly owned of record by residents of the United States, and five of our nine directors were either citizens or residents of the United States. Once an issuer fails to qualify for foreign private issuer status it will remain unqualified unless it meets the requirements for foreign private issuer status as of the last business day of its second fiscal quarter. Accordingly, our Company will not be able to use the forms and rules designated for foreign private issuers after December 31, 2022, being the final day of our latest fiscal year end. If our Company subsequently qualifies as a foreign private issuer on the last business day of a subsequent second fiscal quarter, we will immediately be able to use the forms and rules designated for foreign private issuers. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. These statements appear in several different places in this Annual Report and, in some cases, can be identified by words such as anticipates , estimates , projects , expects , contemplates , intends , believes , plans , may , will or their negatives or other comparable words, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K may include, but are not limited to, statements and/or information related to: strategy, future operations; the projection of timing and delivery of products in the future; projected costs; expected production capacity; expectations regarding demand and acceptance of our products; estimated costs of machinery to equip a new production facility; trends in the market in which we operate; and the plans and objectives of management.. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations about future events on information that is available as of the date of this Annual Report. While we believe these expectations are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Our actual future results may differ materially from those discussed or implied in our forward-looking statements for various reasons. Factors that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to: general economic and business conditions, including changes in interest rates; prices of other electric vehicles, costs associated with manufacturing electric vehicles and other economic conditions; the effect of an outbreak of disease or similar public health threat, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, on the Company s business (natural phenomena, including the current COVID-19 pandemic); the impact of political unrest, natural disasters or other crises, terrorist acts, acts of war and/or military operations, and our ability to maintain or broaden our business relationships and develop new relationships with strategic alliances, suppliers, customers, distributors or otherwise; the ability of our information technology systems or information security systems to operate effectively; actions by government authorities, including changes in government regulation; uncertainties associated with legal proceedings; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 changes in the size of the electric vehicle market; future decisions by management in response to changing conditions; the Company s ability to execute prospective business plans; misjudgments in the course of preparing forward-looking statements; the Company s ability to raise sufficient funds to carry out its proposed business plan; the Company s ability to successfully sell its inventory of three-wheeled single seat vehicles; the Company s plan to develop, manufacture, market and profitably sell a new four-wheeled SOLO alternative (the Project E4 or E4 the Company s ability to successfully and profitably assemble contracted third-party native-EV designs using the Company s Mesa, Arizona, facility; developments in alternative technologies or improvements in the internal combustion engine; inability to keep up with advances in electric vehicle and battery technology; inability to design, develop, market and sell new electric vehicles and services that address additional market opportunities to generate revenue and positive cash flows; dependency on certain key personnel and any inability to retain and attract qualified personnel; inexperience in mass-producing electric vehicles; inability to succeed in establishing, maintaining and strengthening the ElectraMeccanica brand; disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials; the unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives; failure to manage future growth effectively; and the other factors discussed below in Item 1A. Risk Factors, in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in other filings we make with the SEC. 
 Although management has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There is no assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. These cautionary remarks expressly qualify, in their entirety, all forward-looking statements attributable to our Company or persons acting on our Company s behalf. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting such statements, except as, and to the extent required by, applicable securities laws. You should carefully review the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in this Form 10-K and other documents that the Company may file from time to time with the securities regulators. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Company Overview ElectraMeccanica designs and manufactures smaller, simpler and purposeful electric vehicles that we believe are a better fit for everyday use in an increasingly crowded, complex world. To date the Company has primarily targeted the U.S. as our commercial market. We sell these vehicles directly to consumers and small businesses. We think this focus on the daily utility segment - e.g., commuting, errands and food delivery - differentiates us from both legacy and native electric vehicle EV makers. Our initial product, the innovative, three-wheeled, single-seat SOLO, reflects this unique design philosophy. In December 2022, we made the decision to also assemble other companies electric vehicles to further leverage the resources and capabilities of our recently commissioned and state-of-the-art 235,000 square foot facility located in Mesa, Arizona. We believe this combination of developing our own vehicles and helping to build those of others places ElectraMeccanica in the best position to benefit from the secular growth of the EV category overall. We further believe that to date this growth largely has excluded smaller, simpler and more useful - but still stylish - forms of electric transportation. Our goal is to expand the market for everyday EVs beyond traditional original equipment manufacturers OEM categories (e.g., compact, mid-size, large, pickup truck, cross-over, and SUV), many of which emphasize size and power, raising the total cost of ownership. We believe the emerging transition to electric represents an opportunity to not just shift a fuel source for mobility, but also to offer original and innovative vehicles to meet evolving consumer demands. The Company is headquartered in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada. In December 2022, we announced the Company would focus its operations in its Mesa, Arizona, facility. We expect to complete this process in 2023. EV Market Opportunity The auto industry is in the middle of a transformation from internal combustion engines to electric vehicles. Most major global automotive OEMs offer either hybrid or fully electric vehicle options in their product lineups, and a combination of both brands (like Lexus) and entire companies (like General Motors) have publicly declared their intent to have fully electrified their offerings within the coming years. Adoption rates by consumers support this strategy. According to BloombergNEF s (National Energy Foundation) 2022 Long-Term Electric Vehicle Outlook, under the Economic Transition Scenario (the ETS ), global EV (battery electric and plug-in hybrid electric passenger vehicles) sales are expected to be approximately 39 million units in 2030, rising to approximately 73 million units in 2040, representing a penetration rate of 40 and 73 , respectively, of all passenger vehicles sold. Consumer interest in and support for electric vehicles reflects a powerful combination of a heightened awareness of the environmental impact of fossil fuel consumption and a corresponding desire to reduce, where practical, individual carbon footprints. At the same time, increasing gasoline prices lend a practical motivation for consumers to consider zero emissions transportation. In addition, many countries and states are increasing mandating and incentivizing the purchase of EVs, for example, California recently mandated that every new passenger car or truck sold in the state must be zero emissions by 2035. It is also becoming clear that consumer preferences as they relate to electric mobility options in North America are becoming more nuanced, and sophisticated. For example, increasing electric micromobility options, particularly in cities, is reflective of the growing understanding that simply electrifying existing vehicle designs (e.g., producing an electric SUV that weighs in excess of 9,000 pounds) fail to take into consideration a more complete understanding of managing environmental impact and outcomes (or, as a New York Times article recently headlined, Just How Good for the Planet Is That Big Electric Pickup Truck? on February 18, 2023). Additionally, for many consumers, the desire for an electric transportation solution is often constrained by the high purchase price for many current EV models. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 There is also an issue of fundamental utility that remains unaddressed by many current EV transportation options. Increasingly dense and crowded urban environments stand to benefit not just from zero emissions transportation, but from those mobility options that offer meaningful benefits in terms of simplicity of operation, maneuverability in traffic, ease of parking, and present a significantly lower total cost of ownership. We believe there is a large population of consumers in the U.S. who are willing to adopt an EV mobility solution, but for whom no good option currently exists that meets their day-to-day transportation needs. Beginning with our very first SOLO concept vehicle, and extending through our current strategic product roadmap, we believe that, just as traditional vehicle markets have segmented themselves across a set of factors that include price, capabilities and utility, the EV market will do the same. Further, we believe that market demand exists for a high quality, high-utility, low-cost and beautifully designed electric transportation option. Strategy We seek to grow our Company based on prioritizing disruptive vehicle designs that delight consumers while asking little of them in terms of operating or charging an EV. Unlike many legacy auto manufacturers that appear to focus on electrifying existing car form factors, most of which can be both oversized and overpowered for the way people use them every day, ElectraMeccanica is focusing on smaller, lower-priced EV models instead of other manufacturers who arguably and often sacrifice design or remain within conventional styling parameters. We commenced commercial production of SOLO in August 2020 and through the end of 2022 sold over 420 vehicles via our direct-to-consumer sales and marketing initiatives and our retail kiosk operations in the States of California and Arizona. From over 9,000 test drives, as well as feedback from our vehicle owners, we learned that people love driving the SOLO. However, we also learned that beyond the actual driving experience, the experience of purchasing, financing, insuring and servicing a three-wheeled autocycle vehicle in our markets provided significant challenges to both current and prospective owners. The network of traditional institutions that support vehicle ownership is not established for three-wheeled autocycles. Creating our own support ecosystem around just the initial SOLO three-wheeled models would be prohibitively expensive and time consuming. It also does not align with our goal of expanding the market for everyday EVs. Therefore, to lower these barriers to acceptance and further scale our sales, ElectraMeccanica has decided to focus its efforts and resources on Project E4, a four-wheeled form factor featuring a sleek design and simple features of the SOLO. Historically, ElectraMeccanica has always contemplated designing and launching vehicles with more than three wheels. Past prototype EVs the Company considered include the four-wheeled eRoadster and Tofino. We expect Project E4 to benefit from our experimentation with these form factors, as well as our extensive learnings from the SOLO. Specifically, we believe E4 unlocks our ability to offer: broader marketability; broader insurability; more financing options; servicing availability, given that standard hoists easily can accommodate four-wheeled form factors versus three-wheeled ones; more likely qualification for government subsidies and incentives; standard logistics and trucking needs for a 4-wheel product versus limited options for a 3-wheel product; a second passenger seat which further broadens our potential consumer market; and further advanced safety features; 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 Adapting our designs to a scalable, four-wheeled form factor that preserves the best features of the SOLO, including eye-catching styling and easy charging, will take time - for two reasons. First, the Company needs to do deeper customer and consumer research than it has historically with respect to product features and design. We believe this will help us avoid consumer and business barriers to broader market acceptance and sales like those limiting the SOLO, as noted above. In turn, this will confirm for us the best possible approach to define the most appealing product. The Company also stated in December 2022 that it would seek manufacturing and assembly partners who require ElectraMeccanica s factory space and expertise to build their vehicles. These partners will allow ElectraMeccanica to accelerate commercialization and use of its 235,000 square-foot facility in Mesa, Arizona. As of the date of this Annual Report we are already leveraging the new Mesa facility in order to act as an assembly partner for other EV manufacturers, as demonstrated by our recently announced agreements with GLV, LLC GLV to help produce three different electric vehicles for Volcon, Inc. (two e-bikes, including the Grunt EVO and Runt, and Volcon s premium UTV, the fully-electric STAG). We commissioned our Mesa facility on December 12, 2022. Located on 18 acres of land near the Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport, our new facility, when fully operational, will allow us to produce up to 20,000 vehicles per year, per production line. It has space for three production lines, for a total, fully operational output of up to 60,000 vehicles per year. The new campus includes 22,000 square feet of office space and 19,000 square feet of lab space. We carefully selected Arizona as the site of our new campus for numerous reasons, including infrastructure, talent, geographic location, proximity to a pre-existing automotive supply chain, concentration of other EV and EV component expertise and continued and dedicated support from state and local governments. The location of the facility also offers space for a larger footprint and potential expansions. Product ElectraMeccanica has been assembling and selling a unique, three-wheeled, single-seat commuter vehicle, the SOLO (with the most recent model being the G3). The Company has made a strategic decision to stop the production of the G3 SOLO and commence Project E4. Project E4 plans to leverage the best features and insights derived from the SOLO, following completion of vehicle design, validation and all required testing. The Company will be focusing our resources on Project E4 in the foreseeable future. Presently, the Company is investigating the cause of an occasional power loss on the SOLO and is, as of February 17, 2023, subject to a self-reported NHTSA recall notice. As a result the Company has now decided to repurchase all 428 SOLO vehicles for the full purchase price paid by the customer, inclusive of the vehicle price, taxes, title and shipping. In addition, the Company has issued a stop drive notice to advise customers not to drive their vehicles because of the safety concern. The Company has also begun winding down its contract manufacturing relationship with Chongqing Zongshen Automobile Industry Co., Ltd. Zongshen as a result of the recent commissioning of our Mesa, Arizona, facility and our plans to move into four-wheeled designs produced onshore in the U.S. Marketing and Sales Historically, the Company relied on a combination of retail kiosks, direct-to-consumer online marketing and live events to drive the majority of its sales. With respect to the E4, ElectraMeccanica continues to believe that a combination of marketing, sales efforts and investment will be required to scale sales beyond what we have achieved to date. The Company also expects to define a marketing and sales strategy that flows directly from professionalized consumer market research, which itself reflects careful testing of the actual vehicle during its development process. Government Regulation and Incentives Certain of our operations, properties and products are subject to stringent and comprehensive federal, state and local laws and regulations governing matters related to environmental protection, occupational health and safety, and the release or discharge of materials into the environment, including air emissions and wastewater discharges. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory and remedial obligations and the issuance of orders enjoining some or all of our operations in affected areas. We are also subject to permitting, registration and other government approval requirements under environmental, health and safety laws and regulations applicable in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Those requirements obligate us to obtain permits, registrations and other government approvals from one or more governmental agencies to conduct our operations and sell our products. The requirements vary depending on the location where our regulated activities are conducted. The following summarizes certain existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations applicable to our operations and current and future products. For additional information, see Risk Factors herein. Motorcycle Regulation We and our vehicles must meet the applicable parts of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations Title 49 Transportation. Since the U.S. regulations do not have a specific class for three-wheeled autocycles , the G3 SOLO and Cargo variant fall under the definition of a motorcycle pursuant to Sec. 571.3 of 49 CFR Part 571. However, currently a motorcycle license is not required to drive them in all but the States of Indiana, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina and New York (New York will no longer require a helmet as of April 20, 2022). Motorcycle helmets must be worn while operating in the States of Alaska (when operating without a motorcycle license or endorsement), Nebraska, North Carolina and Oregon. Helmets are also required if the driver is under 18 years old in the States of Alaska, Colorado, Indiana, Minnesota, Montana, New Hampshire and New Mexico. Vehicle Safety and Testing Regulation The Company s four-wheel Project E4 will be subject to, and must comply with, numerous regulatory requirements established by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration NHTSA ), including all applicable U.S. Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards FMVSSs ). As a manufacturer, the Company must self-certify that its vehicles meet all applicable FMVSSs before the vehicles are sold in the U.S. There are many FMVSSs that will apply to the Company s Project E4, such as crash-worthiness requirements, crash avoidance requirements and electric vehicle requirements (i.e., limitations on electrolyte spillage, battery retention and avoidance of electric shock after certain crash tests). The Company s Project E4 must fully comply with all applicable FMVSSs. Additionally, there are regulatory changes being considered for several FMVSSs, and the Company must comply with all such FMVSS regulations. In addition to FMVSS, the Company will also be required to comply with other federal laws administered by NHTSA, including the Corporate Average Fuel Economy standards, Theft Prevention Act requirements, consumer information labeling requirements, early warning reporting requirements regarding warranty claims, field reports, death and injury reports and foreign recalls and owners manual requirements. The Company must also comply with the Automobile Information and Disclosure Act, which requires manufacturers of motor vehicles to disclose certain information regarding the manufacturer s suggested retail price, optional equipment and pricing. Further, this law allows inclusion of city and highway fuel economy ratings, as determined by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), as well as crash test ratings as determined by NHTSA. Battery Safety and Testing Regulations The Company s battery packs must conform to mandatory regulations governing the transport of dangerous goods that may present a risk in transportation, which includes lithium-ion batteries, and are subject to regulations issued by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. These regulations are based on the UN Recommendations on the Safe Transport of Dangerous Goods Model Regulations and related UN Manual Tests and Criteria. The regulations vary by mode of transportation when these items are shipped, such as by ocean vessel, rail, truck or air. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 The Company will complete the applicable transportation tests for its battery packs, demonstrating its compliance with applicable regulations. The Company uses lithium-ion cells in its high-voltage battery packs. The use, storage and disposal of the Company s battery packs is regulated under federal law. The Company will enter into agreements with third-party battery recycling companies to recycle the Company s battery packs. EPA Emissions and Certification The U.S. Clean Air Act requires that the Company obtain a Certificate of Conformity issued by the EPA or a California Executive Order issued by the California Air Resources Board CARB certifying that the Company s vehicles comply with all applicable emissions requirements. A Certificate of Conformity is required for vehicles sold in states covered by the Clean Air Act s standards. A CARB Executive Order is required for vehicles sold in states that have adopted California s stricter standards for emissions controls related to new vehicles and engines sold in such states. States that have adopted the California standards as approved by EPA also recognize the CARB Executive Order for sales of vehicles. In addition to California, there are 14 other states that have either adopted or are in the process of adopting the stricter California standards, including New York, Massachusetts, Vermont, Maine, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Washington, Oregon, New Jersey, Maryland, Virginia, Delaware and Colorado. The Company is required to seek an EPA Certificate of Conformity for vehicles sold in states covered by the Clean Air Act s standards or a CARB Executive Order for vehicles sold in California or any of the other 14 states identified above that have adopted the stricter California standards. Automobile Manufacturer and Dealer Regulation U.S. state laws regulate the manufacture, distribution and sale of automobiles, and generally require motor vehicle manufacturers and dealers to be licensed in order to sell vehicles directly to consumers in the state. The Company will need to secure dealer licenses (or their equivalent) and engage in sales activities for its self-owned sales and service centers, while partners in certain states will support by providing services via partner-owned stores and showrooms. Incentives There has been a growing trend for governments as a matter of public policy to favor EVs, such as the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. This has taken the form of initiatives aimed at improving transit, financial incentives for the purchase of EVs and financial incentives for the manufacture of EVs. These incentives have been predominately for four-wheel electric passenger vehicles. Manufacturing Incentives To promote the manufacture and development of EVs, many federal, state and local governments provide financial incentives to EV companies. These incentives can take the form of tax credits or grants. Several jurisdictions offer similar financial incentives for the purchase and installation of home charging stations for EVs. Initiatives to Improve Transit Many localities try to reduce or regulate traffic, and particularly in places where there is high population density, chronic congestion, narrow roads and limited urban space. While these initiatives might be onerous to owners of traditional internal combustion engine vehicles, they often exempt or partially exclude EVs. These initiatives include various forms of congestion charging (which often exempt or provide discounts for EVs), priority lanes for high-occupancy vehicles and EVs, restrictions on new registrations of vehicles (excluding EVs) and subsidies for the installation of public charging stations for EVs. Environmental Credits In connection with the production, delivery and placement into service of the Company s zero-emission vehicles, the Company may earn tradable credits under certain governmental programs designed to incentivize such activities. The Company may sell the Company s 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 future credits to automotive companies and other regulated entities who can use the credits to comply with emission standards and other regulatory requirements. For example, under California s Zero Emission Vehicle ZEV Regulation and those of states that have adopted California s standards, vehicle manufacturers are required to earn or purchase credits, referred to as ZEV credits, for compliance with their annual regulatory requirements. These laws provide that automakers may bank or sell to other regulated parties their excess credits if they earn more credits than the minimum quantity required by those laws. The Company may also earn other types of salable regulatory credits in the U.S. and abroad, including greenhouse gas, fuel economy, and clean fuels credits. Competition The Company has experienced, and expects to continue to experience, intense competition from numerous companies, particularly as the transportation sector increasingly shifts towards low-emission, zero-emission or carbon neutral solutions. Many established and new automobile manufacturers have entered or have announced plans to enter the alternative fuel and electric vehicle market. Many major automobile manufacturers, such as Tesla, General Motors, Ford, and Rivian, have electric vehicles available today. Other current and prospective automobile manufacturers are also developing electric vehicles, for example Faraday Future, Nio, xPeng, Li Auto and Fisker, among others. In addition, several manufacturers offer hybrid vehicles, including plug-in versions. The Company directly competes with other pure-play electric vehicle companies targeting the high-end segment, while also competing to a lesser extent with new energy vehicles and internal combustion engine vehicles offered by traditional OEMs. The Company believes the primary competitive factors in the electric vehicle market include, but are not limited to: funding; pricing; technological innovation; vehicle performance, quality, and safety; space, comfort, and user experience; service and charging options; design, styling, and interior materials; uninterrupted supply chain (e.g.. semi-conductor chips); battery range; and manufacturing efficiency. 
 The Company believes that it is possible to successfully compete with its peers on the basis of a number of these factors, particularly as they relate to vehicles themselves. However, most of the Company s current and potential competitors have greater financial, technical, supply chain, manufacturing, marketing and other resources than the Company. They may be able to deploy greater resources to the design, development, manufacturing, supply chain, distribution, promotion, sales, marketing and support of their electric vehicles. Additionally, the Company s competitors may also have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, lower cost of materials, larger sales forces, broader customer and industry relationships and other resources than the Company does. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Intellectual Property and Trademarks ElectraMeccanica s intellectual property is an asset of our Company, and a tool to drive value and differentiation in our products and services. We protect, use and defend our intellectual property in support of our business objectives to increase our return on investment, enhance our competitive position and create shareholder value. Through strategic and business assessments of our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, copyrights, service marks, trademarks, domains, contractual terms and enforcement mechanisms across various international jurisdictions to establish and protect intellectual property rights related to our current and future business and operations. We have filed patent and design applications for inventions and designs that our legal counsel deems necessary to protect our products. We do not rely on any licenses from third-party vendors at this time. We will pursue intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be advantageous to our business objectives. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. As our business evolves, we may also choose to abandon certain intellectual property rights that we consider no longer core to our go-forward business. Human Capital As of April 12, 2023, we employed a total of 104 full-time people and one part-time person. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that our employee relations are good. Our human capital objectives center around identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, integrating our existing and new employees. The breakdown of full-time employees by main category of activity is as follows: 

Activity Number of Employees Engineering/R D 10 Sales Marketing 22 General Administration 68 Executive 4 Total Number of Employees 104 Impact of COVID-19 The global outbreak of COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and a national emergency by the U.S. and European governments in March 2020, with governments world-wide implementing safety measures restricting travel and requiring citizen lockdowns and self-confinements for quarantining purposes. During 2020, 2021, and 2022, this had negatively affected the U.S. and global economies, disrupted global supply chains and resulted in significant transport restrictions and disruption of global financial markets. An outbreak of disease or similar public health threat, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have, and in the case of the COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have, a significant impact on the global supply chain, with restrictions and limitations on related activities causing disruption and delay, along with increased raw material, storage and shipping costs. Any of these disruptions and delays may strain domestic and international supply chains, which could negatively affect the flow or availability of certain critical raw materials and finished good products that the Company relies upon. We expect that an outbreak of disease or similar public health threat, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have, and in the case of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to have, an impact on the Company s ability to design, develop and commercialize its stated vehicle objectives which may further adversely affect sales and profitability in future periods. The duration of these trends and the magnitude of such impacts cannot be precisely estimated at this time, as they are affected by a number of factors (some of which are outside management s control), including those presented in Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Inter-Corporate Relationships The following is a list of each of our five subsidiaries and the corresponding date of jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and the ownership interest of each. All of our subsidiaries are directly or indirectly owned or controlled by us: 

Place of Incorporation / Name of Entity Formation Ownership Interest Electrameccanica Automotive USA Inc. Nevada 100 Electrameccanica USA LLC Arizona 100 SOLO EV LLC Michigan 100 Intermeccanica International Inc. British Columbia, Canada 100 Electrameccanica Automotive Technology (Chongqing) Ltd. People s Republic of China 100 Corporate Information We were incorporated on February 16, 2015, under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada, and our principal activity is the development and manufacturing of electric vehicles (each, an EV). Our head office is located at, and our principal address is, 8057 North Fraser Way, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada, V5J 5M8. Our registered and records office is located at Suite 1500, 1055 West Georgia Street, P.O. Box 11117, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6E 4N7. Additional information related to us is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on our website at www.electrameccanica.com. We do not incorporate the contents of our website or of sedar.com into this Annual Report. Information on our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have identified the following material risks and uncertainties which reflect our outlook and conditions known to us as of the date of this Form 10-K. These material risks and uncertainties should be carefully reviewed by our stockholders and any potential investors in evaluating the Company, our business, and the market value of our common stock. Furthermore, any one of these material risks and uncertainties has the potential to cause actual results, performance, achievements or events to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or events implied, suggested or expressed by any forward-looking statements made by us or by persons acting on our behalf. Refer to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements . There is no assurance that we will be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any one or more of the following material risks and uncertainties may cause on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results, which may result in a significant decrease in the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, there is no assurance that these material risks and uncertainties represent a complete list of the material risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties of a material nature that, as of the date of this Form 10-K, we are unaware of or that we consider immaterial that may become material in the future, any one or more of which may result in a material adverse effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment due to any one of these material risks and uncertainties. Risks Related to the Business and Industry We will require a significant amount of capital to carry out our proposed business plan to develop, manufacture, sell and service electric vehicles. As at the date of this Annual Report the Company is not able to finance day-to-day activities through operations; and there is no assurance that any amount raised will be sufficient to continue to fund operations of our Company. If we are to achieve profitability, we must have a successful commercial introduction and acceptance of our vehicles, which may not occur. We expect that we will incur operating losses in 2023, and thereafter, and we also expect to continue to experience negative cash flows for the next several years. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 We have a limited operating history and have generated minimal revenues. Our limited operating history makes evaluating our business and future prospects difficult. We were formed in February 2015, and in 2020, we started production and deliveries of our first electric vehicle the SOLO. We intend to derive revenues from our planned E4 vehicle and from current and anticipated contract assembly and/or manufacturing using our Mesa, Arizona, facility. Our vehicles require significant investment prior to commercial introduction and may never be successfully developed or commercially successful. We have a history of operating losses and we expect our operating losses to accelerate and materially increase for the foreseeable future. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we generated a net loss of 123.7 million. If we are to ever achieve profitability, we must have a successful commercial introduction and acceptance of our vehicles, which may not occur. We expect that our operating losses will continue in 2023 and thereafter, and we also expect to continue to incur operating losses and to experience negative cash flows for the next several years. Our ability to achieve profitability will depend, in part, on our ability to manage the bill of materials and per unit manufacturing cost and ability to commercialize Project E4. Product development is subject to feasibility and engineering risks. Any increase in manufacturing volumes is dependent upon a corresponding increase in sales. The occurrence of one or more factors that negatively impact manufacturing, or reduce our manufacturing efficiency, may prevent us from achieving our desired reduction in manufacturing costs, which would negatively affect our operating results and may prevent us from attaining profitability. We currently have negative operating cash flows, and if we are unable to generate positive operating cash flows in the future our viability as an operating business will be adversely affected. We have made significant up-front investments in research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses to rapidly develop and expand our business. We are currently incurring expenditures related to our operations that have generated a negative operating cash flow. Operating cash flow may decline in certain circumstances, many of which are beyond our control. We might not generate sufficient revenues in the near future. Because we continue to incur future expenditures for research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses, we continue to experience negative cash flow until we reach a sufficient level of sales with positive gross margins to cover operating expenses. An inability to generate positive cash flow until we reach a sufficient level of sales with positive gross margins to cover operating expenses or raise additional capital on reasonable terms will adversely affect our viability as an operating business. We may require additional capital to carry out our proposed business plan for the next 24 months if our cash on hand and revenues from the sale of our vehicles and contract assembly and manufacturing services provided to third-parties are not sufficient to cover our cash requirements. If our cash on hand, revenues, if any, and cash received upon the exercise of outstanding warrants, if any are exercised, are not sufficient to cover our cash requirements, we will need to raise additional funds through the sale of our equity securities, in either private placements or registered offerings and/or debt instruments. If we are unsuccessful in raising enough funds through such capital-raising efforts, we may review other financing possibilities such as bank loans. Financing might not be available to us or, if available, may not be available on terms that are acceptable to us. Our ability to obtain the necessary financing to carry out our business plan is subject to several factors, including general market conditions and investor acceptance of our business plan. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms, and conditions of such financing unattractive or unavailable to us. If we are unable to raise sufficient funds, we will have to significantly reduce our spending, delay, or cancel our planned activities or substantially change our current corporate structure. We might not be able to obtain any funding, and we might not have sufficient resources to conduct our business as projected, both of which could mean that we would be forced to curtail or discontinue our operations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Terms of future financings may adversely impact your investment. We may have to engage in common equity, debt, or preferred stock financing in the future. Your rights and the value of your investment in our securities could be reduced. Interest on debt securities could increase costs and negatively impacts operating results. Preferred stock could be issued in series from time to time with such designation, rights, preferences, and limitations as needed to raise capital. The terms of preferred stock could be more advantageous to those investors than to the holders of common shares. In addition, if we need to raise equity capital from the sale of common shares, institutional or other investors may negotiate terms at least as, and possibly more, favorable than the terms of your investment. Common shares which we sell could be sold into any market which develops, which could adversely affect the market price. If we are unable to successfully and profitably assemble third-party products under assembly agreements with such third-parties, our business and operating results will most likely face material adverse effects. In addition to manufacturing the proposed E4 in our Mesa, Arizona, facility in the future, we have entered into an assembly agreement with a third-party and plan to enter into similar assembly and/or manufacturing agreements with other third-parties to generate revenue. If we are not able to successfully and profitably assemble third-party products at our Mesa facility, this will affect our ability to satisfy our current assembly client and affect our ability to attract new clients, which will most likely have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. If we are unable to keep up with advances in electric vehicle technology, we may suffer a decline in our competitive position. We may be unable to keep up with changes in electric vehicle technology and, as a result, may suffer a decline in our competitive position. Any failure to keep up with advances in electric vehicle technology would result in a decline in our competitive position which would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Our research and development efforts may not be sufficient to adapt to changes in electric vehicle technology. As technologies change, we plan to upgrade or adapt our vehicles and introduce new models to continue to provide vehicles with the latest technology, in particular battery cell technology. However, our vehicles may not compete effectively with alternative vehicles if we are not able to source and integrate the latest technology into our vehicles. For example, we do not manufacture battery cells which makes us depend upon other suppliers of battery cell technology for our battery packs. If we are unable to design, develop, market, and sell new electric vehicles and services that address additional market opportunities, our business, prospects, and operating results will suffer. We may not be able to successfully develop new electric vehicles and services, address new market segments or develop a significantly broader customer base. To date, we have focused our business on the sale of the SOLO, a three-wheeled single seat electric vehicle, and have targeted mainly urban residents of modest means and fleets. We will need to address additional markets and expand our customer demographic to further grow our business as we look to pivot to Project E4. Our failure to address additional market opportunities would harm our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. Demand in the vehicle industry is highly volatile. Volatility of demand in the vehicle industry may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. The markets in which we will be competing have been subject to considerable volatility in demand in recent periods. Demand for automobile sales depends to a large extent on general, economic, political, and social conditions in a given market and the introduction of new vehicles and technologies. As a new start-up manufacturer, we will have fewer financial resources than more established vehicle manufacturers to withstand changes in the market and disruptions in demand. We do not currently have all arrangements in place that are required to allow us to fully execute our business plan. To sell our vehicles across the U.S., each State has its own set of rules and regulations that we will need to comply with. This means that we will need to enter into additional agreements and arrangements that are not currently in place. These include obtaining dealership licenses, lease financing, implementing a nation wide servicing arrangement, etc. If we are unable to enter into such agreements, or are only able to do so on terms that are unfavorable to us, we may not be able to fully carry out our business plans. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 We depend on certain key personnel, and our success will depend on our continued ability to retain and attract such qualified personnel. Our success depends on the efforts, abilities, and continued service of our executive leadership team: Susan Docherty, our Chief Executive Officer (or CEO and interim Chief Operating Officer, Mark Orsmond, our Chief Financial Officer (or CFO ), Michael Bridge, our General Counsel, and Kim Brink, our Chief Revenue Officer (or CRO ). A number of these key employees have significant experience in the automobile manufacturing and technology industries. A loss of service from any one of these individuals may adversely affect our operations, and we may have difficulty or may not be able to locate and hire suitable replacements. We are subject to numerous environmental, and health and safety laws and any breach of such laws may have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. We are subject to numerous environmental and health and safety laws, including statutes, regulations, bylaws, and other legal requirements. These laws relate to the generation, use, handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of regulated substances, including hazardous substances (such as batteries), dangerous goods and waste, emissions or discharges into soil, water, and air, including noise and odors (which could result in remediation obligations), and occupational health and safety matters, including indoor air quality. These legal requirements vary by location and can arise under federal, provincial, state, or municipal laws. Any breach of such laws and/or requirements would have a material adverse effect on our Company and its operating results. Our vehicles are subject to motor vehicle standards and the failure to satisfy such mandated safety standards would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. All vehicles sold must comply with federal, state, and provincial motor vehicle safety standards. In both Canada and the United States vehicles that meet or exceed all federally mandated safety standards are certified under the federal regulations. In this regard, Canadian and U.S. motor vehicle safety standards are substantially the same. Rigorous testing and the use of approved materials and equipment are among the requirements for achieving federal certification. Failure by us to have any future model EV satisfy motor vehicle standards would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. If we are unable to reduce and adequately control the costs associated with operating our business, including costs associated with manufacturing, sales, materials, transportation and logistics, our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects will suffer. If we are unable to reduce and/or maintain a sufficiently low level of costs for designing, manufacturing, marketing, selling, transporting, distributing, and servicing our electric vehicles relative to their selling prices, or if we experience significant increases in these costs and are unable to raise our prices to offset such increases, our operating results, gross margins, business and prospects could be materially and adversely impacted. Further, since our preorder vehicles are at fixed sales prices, if we experience significant increases in costs associated with operating our business, our profitability from these pre-order vehicles may be negatively impacted absent the flexibility to increase such sales prices. If our vehicles fail to perform as expected our ability to develop, market and sell our electric vehicles could be harmed. Our vehicles may contain defects in design and manufacture that may cause them not to perform as expected or that may require repair. For example, our vehicles use a substantial amount of software code to operate. Software products are inherently complex and often contain defects and errors when first introduced. We have experienced some of these risks with our current recall. We may not succeed in establishing, maintaining, and strengthening the ElectraMeccanica brand, which would materially and adversely affect customer acceptance of our vehicles and components and our business, revenues and prospects. Our business and prospects depend in part on our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the ElectraMeccanica brand. Any failure to develop, maintain and strengthen our brand may materially and adversely affect our ability to sell our planned electric vehicles. If we are not able to establish, maintain and strengthen our brand, we may lose the opportunity to build a critical mass of customers. Promoting and positioning our brand will likely depend significantly on our ability to provide high quality electric vehicles and maintenance and repair services, and we have very limited experience in these areas. In addition, we expect that our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the ElectraMeccanica brand will also depend heavily on the success of our marketing efforts. To further promote our brand, we may be required to change our marketing practices, which could result in substantially increased advertising expenses, including the 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 need to use traditional media such as television, radio and print. Many of our current and potential competitors, particularly automobile OEMs headquartered in the U.S., Japan and the European Union, have greater name recognition, broader customer relationships and substantially greater marketing resources than we do. Increases in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials, in particular lithium-ion cells, could harm our business. We may experience increases in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of raw materials. Any such increase or supply interruption could materially negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We use various raw materials in our business, including aluminum, steel, carbon fiber and non-ferrous metals such as copper and cobalt. The prices for these raw materials fluctuate depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials and could adversely affect our business and operating results. For instance, we are exposed to multiple risks relating to price fluctuations for lithium-ion cells. These risks include: the inability or unwillingness of current battery manufacturers to build or operate battery cell manufacturing plants to supply the numbers of lithium-ion cells required to support the growth of the electric or plug-in hybrid vehicle industry as demand for such cells increases; disruption in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by the battery cell manufacturers; and an increase in the cost of raw materials, such as cobalt, used in lithium-ion cells. Our business depends on the continued supply of battery cells for our vehicles. We do not currently have any agreements for the supply of batteries and depend upon the open market for their procurement. Any disruption in the supply of battery cells from our supplier could temporarily disrupt the planned production of our vehicles until such time as a different supplier is fully qualified. Moreover, battery cell manufacturers may choose to refuse to supply electric vehicle manufacturers to the extent they determine that the vehicles are not sufficiently safe. Furthermore, current fluctuations or shortages in petroleum and other economic conditions may cause us to experience significant increases in freight charges and raw material costs. Substantial increases in the prices for our raw materials would increase our operating costs and could reduce our margins if we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased electric vehicle prices. We might not be able to recoup increasing costs of raw materials by increasing vehicle prices. The unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. Any reduction, elimination or discriminatory application of government subsidies and economic incentives that are offered to purchasers of EVs or persons installing home charging stations, the reduced need for such subsidies and incentives due to the perceived success of the electric vehicle, fiscal tightening or other reasons may result in the diminished competitiveness of the alternative fuel vehicle industry generally or our electric vehicles. This could materially and adversely affect the growth of the alternative fuel automobile markets and our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. If we fail to manage future growth effectively, we may not be able to market and sell our vehicles successfully. Any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. We may expand our operations in the near future in connection with the planned development and production of our vehicles. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage this expansion and growth successfully. Risks that we face in undertaking this expansion include: training new personnel; forecasting production and revenue; controlling expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations; establishing or expanding design, manufacturing, sales and service facilities; implementing and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems and processes; meeting varied regulatory requirements; addressing new markets; and 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 establishing international operations. 
 We intend to continue to hire a number of additional personnel, including design and manufacturing personnel and service technicians, for our electric vehicles programs and assembly operations. Competition for individuals with experience in designing, manufacturing, and servicing electric vehicles is intense, and we may not be able to attract, assimilate, train or retain additional highly qualified personnel in the future. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate and retain these additional employees could seriously harm our business and prospects. Our business may be adversely affected by labor and union activities. Although none of our employees are currently represented by a labor union, it is common throughout the automobile industry generally for many employees at automobile companies to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. We also directly and indirectly depend upon other companies with unionized work forces, such as parts suppliers and trucking and freight companies, and work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or operating results. If a work stoppage occurs within our business, or that of our key suppliers, it could delay the manufacture and sale of our electric vehicles and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results, or financial condition. Additionally, if we expand our business to include full in-house manufacturing of our vehicles, our employees might join or form a labor union and we may be required to become a union signatory. We may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to successfully defend or insure against such claims. We may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. The automobile industry experiences significant product liability claims and we face inherent risk of exposure to claims in the event our vehicles do not perform as expected or malfunction resulting in personal injury or death. Our risks in this area are particularly pronounced given we have limited field experience of our vehicles. A successful product liability claim against us could require us to pay a substantial monetary award . Moreover, a product liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity about our vehicles and business and inhibit or prevent commercialization of other future vehicle candidates which would have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, prospects, and operating results. We plan to maintain product liability insurance for all our vehicles on a claims-made basis, but any such insurance might not be sufficient to cover all potential product liability claims. Any lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages either more than our coverage or outside of our coverage may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. We may not be able to secure additional product liability insurance coverage on commercially acceptable terms or at reasonable costs when needed, particularly if we do face liability for our products and are forced to make a claim under our policy. Our patent applications may not result in issued patents, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from interfering with our commercialization of our products. The registration and enforcement of patents involves complex legal and factual questions and the breadth and effectiveness of patented claims is uncertain. We cannot be certain that we are the first to file patent applications on these inventions, nor can we be certain that our pending patent applications will result in issued patents or that any of our issued patents will afford sufficient protection against someone creating competing products, or as a defensive portfolio against a competitor who claims that we are infringing its patents. In addition, patent applications filed in foreign countries are subject to laws, rules and procedures that differ from those of the U.S., and thus we cannot be certain that foreign patent applications, if any, will result in issued patents in those foreign jurisdictions or that such patents can be effectively enforced, even if they relate to patents issued in the U.S. We may need to defend ourselves against patent or trademark infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and would cause us to incur substantial costs. Companies, organizations or individuals, including our competitors, may hold or obtain patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use, develop, sell or market our vehicles or components, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. From time to time we may receive communications from third parties that allege our products are covered by their patents or trademarks or other intellectual property rights. Companies holding patents or other 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 intellectual property rights may bring suits alleging infringement of such rights or otherwise assert their rights. If we are determined to have infringed upon a third party s intellectual property rights, we may be required to do things that include one or more of the following: cease making, using, selling or offering to sell processes, goods or services that incorporate or use the third-party intellectual property; pay substantial damages; seek a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; redesign our vehicles or other goods or services to avoid infringing the third-party intellectual property; or establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services. 
 In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us and our failure or inability to obtain a license to the infringed technology or other intellectual property right, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and diversion of resources and management attention. Global economic conditions could materially adversely impact demand for our products and services. Our operations and performance depend significantly on economic conditions. Uncertainty about global economic conditions could result in customers postponing purchases of our products and services in response to tighter credit, unemployment, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values and other macroeconomic factors, which could have a material negative effect on demand for our products and services and, accordingly, on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Uncertainties in the interpretation and enforcement of Hong Kong laws and regulations could limit the legal protections available to you and us. From time to time we may have to resort to arbitration proceedings to enforce our legal rights, or Zongshen may resort to arbitration proceedings, under our Manufacturing Agreement with Zongshen, dated September 29, 2017, as amended pursuant to an extension agreement dated June 23, 2021 (collectively, the Manufacturing Agreement ), which we are in the process of concluding. The Manufacturing Agreement is governed by Hong Kong law with the venue for arbitration in Hong Kong. Hong Kong has historically had a separate system of laws, including common law. However, the People s Republic of China has increasingly sought to exert its control over Hong Kong, including over its laws. Because of the unpredictable nature of the application of Hong Kong law in a Hong Kong arbitration, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of such proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy, which may result in higher than expected costs to exit the Manufacturing Agreement. A global pandemic could materially adversely impact our ability to manufacture and deliver products. An outbreak of disease or similar public health threat, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have, and in the case of the COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have, a significant impact on the global supply chain, with restrictions and limitations on related activities causing disruption and delay, along with increased raw material, storage and shipping costs. Any of these disruptions and delays may strain domestic and international supply chains, which could negatively affect the flow or availability of certain critical raw materials and finished good products that the Company relies upon. We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions, or otherwise, which could pose a risk to our systems, networks and services. We face risks associated with cyber-attacks, including hacking, viruses, malware, denial of service attacks, ransomware or other data security breaches. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions around the world have increased. Our business requires the continued operation of information systems 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 and network infrastructure. In the event of a cyber-attack that we were unable to defend against or mitigate, we could have our operations and the operations of our customers and others disrupted. We could also have our financial and other information systems and network infrastructure impaired, property damaged and customer and employee information stolen, and experience substantial loss of revenues, response costs and other financial loss and be subject to increased regulation, litigation, penalties and damage to their reputation. A security breach or other significant disruption involving computer networks and related systems could cause substantial costs and other negative effects, including litigation, remediation costs, costs to deploy additional protection strategies, compromising of confidential information and reputational damage adversely affecting investor confidence. As a result, in the event of a material cyber security breach, our results of operations could be materially, adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Securities Our common shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. As such, we must meet the Nasdaq Capital Market s continued listing requirements and other Nasdaq rules, or we may risk delisting. Delisting could negatively affect the price of our common shares, which could make it more difficult for us to sell securities in a financing and for you to sell your common shares. Our common shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. As such, we are required to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market and other Nasdaq rules, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum shareholders equity, minimum share price and certain other corporate governance requirements. In particular, we are required to maintain a minimum bid price for our listed common shares of 1.00 per share. If we do not meet these continued listing requirements, our common shares could be delisted. Delisting of our common shares from the Nasdaq Capital Market would cause us to pursue eligibility for trading on other markets or exchanges, or on the pink sheets. In such case, our shareholders ability to trade, or obtain quotations of the market value of, our common shares would be severely limited because of lower trading volumes and transaction delays. These factors could contribute to lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for our securities. There can be no assurance that our common shares, if delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market in the future, would be listed on a national securities exchange, a national quotation service, the Over-The-Counter Markets or the pink sheets. Delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market, or even the issuance of a notice of potential delisting, would also result in negative publicity, make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital, adversely affect the market liquidity of our common shares, reduce security analysts coverage of us and diminish investor, supplier and employee confidence. Additionally, the threat of delisting or a delisting of our common shares from the Nasdaq Capital Market could reduce the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our common shares, thereby further restricting our ability to obtain equity financing, and it could reduce our ability to retain, attract and motivate our directors, officers and employees. In addition, as a consequence of any such delisting, our share price could be negatively affected and our shareholders would likely find it more difficult to sell, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the prices of, our common shares. As described in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2023, we received a deficiency letter from Nasdaq s Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff notifying us that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for our common shares had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until September 25, 2023 (the Compliance Date ), to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. To regain compliance, the closing bid price for our common stock must remain above 1.00 for 10 consecutive business days. If we do not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by the Compliance Date, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period, provided that we meet the continued listing requirement for the market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, and notify the Staff of our intention to cure the deficiency during the additional compliance period. If we do not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by the Compliance Date and are not eligible for an additional compliance period at that time, the Staff will provide written notification to us that our common shares will be subject to delisting. At that time, we may appeal the Staff s delisting determination to a Nasdaq Hearing Panel. There can be no assurance that we will regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement or otherwise maintain compliance with any of the other Nasdaq listing requirements. Our executive officers and directors beneficially own approximately 7.7 of our common shares. As of April 12, 2023, our executive officers and directors beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 7.7 of our common shares, which includes shares that our executive officers and directors have the right to acquire pursuant to warrants, stock options, restricted stock units RSU s) and deferred stock units DSU s) which have vested. As a result, they will be able to exercise a 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 significant level of control over all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, amendments to our Articles and approval of significant corporate transactions. This control could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our Company or changes in management and will make the approval of certain transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these shareholders. The continued sale of our equity securities will dilute the ownership percentage of our existing shareholders and may decrease the market price for our common shares. Our Notice of Articles authorize the issuance of an unlimited number of common shares and the issuance of preferred shares. Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue additional shares of our capital stock to provide additional financing in the future and designate the rights of the preferred shares, which may include voting, dividend, distribution, or other rights that are preferential to those held by the common shareholders. The issuance of any such common or preferred shares may result in a reduction of the book value or market price, if one exists at the time, of our outstanding common shares. Given our lack of revenues, we will likely have to issue additional equity securities to obtain working capital we require in the future. Our efforts to fund our intended business plans will therefore result in dilution to our existing shareholders. If we do issue any such additional common shares, such issuance also will cause a reduction in the proportionate ownership and voting power of all other shareholders. As a result of such dilution, if you acquire common shares your proportionate ownership interest and voting power could be decreased. Furthermore, any such issuances could result in a change of control or a reduction in the market price for our common shares. Additionally, we had 14,721,998 options and 5,395,481 warrants outstanding as of April 12, 2023. The exercise price of some of these options and warrants is below our current market price, and you could purchase shares in the market at a price in excess of the exercise price of our outstanding warrants or options. If the holders of these options and warrants elect to exercise them, your ownership position will be diluted and the per share value of the common shares you have or acquire could be diluted as well. As a result, the market value of our common shares could significantly decrease as well. Issuances of our preferred stock may adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common shares and reduce the value of our common shares. Our Notice of Articles authorize the issuance of an unlimited number of shares of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors has the authority to create one or more series of preferred stock and, without shareholder approval, issue shares of preferred stock with rights superior to the rights of the holders of common shares. As a result, shares of preferred stock could be issued quickly and easily, adversely affecting the rights of holder of common shares and could be issued with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult. Although we currently have no plans to create any series of preferred stock and have no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock, any creation and issuance of preferred stock in the future could adversely affect the rights of the holders of common shares and reduce the value of our common shares. The market price of our common shares may be volatile and may fluctuate in a way that is disproportionate to our operating performance. Our common shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq in August 2018, and before that it had been trading on the OTCQB starting in September 2017. The historical volume of trading has been low (within the past fiscal year, the fewest number of our shares that were traded on Nasdaq was 176,000 shares daily), and the share price has fluctuated significantly (since trading began on Nasdaq our closing price has been as low as US 0.45 on March 28, 2023, and as high as US 10.81 on October 20, 2020). The share price for our common shares could decline due to the impact of any of the following factors: sales or potential sales of substantial amounts of our common shares; announcements about us or about our competitors; litigation and other developments relating to our patents or other proprietary rights or those of our competitors; conditions in the automobile industry; governmental regulation and legislation; 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 variations in our anticipated or actual operating results; change in securities analysts estimates of our performance, or our failure to meet analysts expectations; change in general economic trends; and investor perception of our industry or our prospects. 
 Many of these factors are beyond our control. The stock markets in general, and the market for automobile companies, have historically experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. These broad market and industry factors could reduce the market price of our common shares regardless of our actual operating performance. We do not intend to pay dividends and there will thus be fewer ways in which you are able to make a gain on your investment. We have never paid any cash or stock dividends and we do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. To the extent that we require additional funding currently not provided for in our financing plan, our funding sources may prohibit the payment of any dividends. Because we do not intend to declare dividends, any gain on your investment will need to result from an appreciation in the price of our common shares. There will therefore be fewer ways in which you are able to make a gain on your investment. FINRA sales practice requirements may limit your ability to buy and sell our common shares, which could depress the price of our shares. Financial Industry Regulation Authority FINRA rules require broker-dealers to have reasonable grounds for believing that an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending that investment to the customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status and investment objectives, among other things. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability such speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, FINRA requirements may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common shares, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our common shares, have an adverse effect on the market for our common shares and, thereby, depress their market prices. Our common shares have been thinly traded, and you may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all if you need to sell your common shares to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares. From October 2017 until August 2018, our common shares were quoted on the OTCQB where they were thinly-traded , meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common shares at or near bid prices at any given time was relatively small or non-existent. Since we listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market in August 2018, the volume of our common shares traded has increased, but that volume could decrease until we are thinly traded again. That could occur due to a number of factors, including that we are relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and might be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our common shares until such time as we became more seasoned. Consequently, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our common shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. Broad or active public trading market for our common shares may not develop or be sustained. Volatility in our common shares or warrant price may subject us to securities litigation. The market for our common shares may have, when compared to seasoned issuers, significant price volatility, and we expect that our share or warrant prices may continue to be more volatile than that of a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may, in the future, be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management s attention and resources. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 We incur significant costs as a result of being a public company. We incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses as a public company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and the Nasdaq Capital Market, impose various requirements on the corporate governance practices of public companies. Compliance with these rules and regulations increases our legal and financial compliance costs and makes some corporate activities more time-consuming and costlier. Since we are no longer an emerging growth company , as defined in the JOBS Act, we expect to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the requirements of Section 404 and the other rules and regulations of the SEC. For example, as a public company we have been required to increase the number of independent directors and adopt policies regarding internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. We have incurred additional costs in obtaining director and officer liability insurance. In addition, we incur additional costs associated with our public company reporting requirements. It may also be more difficult for us to find qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. We cannot predict or estimate with any degree of certainty the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. Risks Related to Government Laws and Regulations Increased safety, emissions, fuel economy, or other regulations may result in higher costs, cash expenditures, and/or sales restrictions. The motorized vehicle industry is governed by a substantial amount of government regulation, which often differs by state and region. Government regulation has arisen, and proposals for additional regulation are advanced, primarily out of concern for the environment, vehicle safety, and energy independence. In addition, many governments regulate local product content and/or impose import requirements as a means of creating jobs, protecting domestic producers, and influencing the balance of payments. The cost to comply with existing government regulations is substantial, and future, additional regulations could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition. Our vehicles are subject to multi-jurisdictional motor vehicle standards. All vehicles sold must comply with federal, state and country-specific motor vehicle safety standards. Rigorous testing and the use of approved materials and equipment are among the requirements for achieving federal certification. Failure of the E4 vehicle or future vehicle models to satisfy motor vehicle standards would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. Demand for our products and services may be impacted by the status of government and economic incentives supporting the development and adoption of such products. Government and economic incentives that support the development and adoption of electric vehicles in the U.S., including certain tax exemptions, tax credits and rebates, may be reduced, eliminated or exhausted from time to time. Previously available incentives favoring electric vehicles may expire or be cancelled or temporarily unavailable, and in some cases not replaced or reinstituted, which may have negatively impacted sales. Certain government and economic incentives, similar to the ones in the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, may also be implemented that provide benefits to manufacturers who assemble domestically, have local suppliers or have other characteristics that may not apply to our future vehicle programs. Such developments could negatively impact demand for our vehicles, and we and our customers may have to adjust to them, including through pricing modifications. Any failure by us to comply with a variety of U.S. and international privacy and consumer protection laws may harm us. Any failure by us or our vendor or other business partners to comply with our public privacy notice or with federal, or state privacy, data protection or security laws or regulations relating to the processing, collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information could result in regulatory or litigation-related actions against us, legal liability, fines, damages, ongoing audit requirements and other significant costs. Substantial expenses and operational changes may be required in connection with maintaining compliance with such laws, and even an unsuccessful challenge by customers or regulatory authorities of our activities could result in adverse publicity and could require a costly response from and defense by us. In addition, certain emerging privacy laws are still subject to a high degree of uncertainty as to their interpretation, application and impact, and may require extensive system and operational changes, be difficult to implement, increase our operating costs, adversely impact the cost or attractiveness of the products or services 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 we offer, or result in adverse publicity and harm our reputation. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act imposes certain legal obligations on our use and processing of personal information related to California residents. Notwithstanding our efforts to protect the security and integrity of our customers personal information, we may be required to expend significant resources to comply with data breach requirements if, for example, third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our customers or we otherwise experience a data loss with respect to customers personal information. A major breach of our network security and systems may result in fines, penalties and damages and harm our brand, prospects and operating results. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our head office is located in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada. We have commissioned a new manufacturing facility in Mesa, Arizona, which will be used for engineering, manufacturing, and administrative activities. We do not own any real property. We have leased the following properties: 

Area 2022 Gross Monthly Location (In square feet) Rent Lease Expiration Date Use Burnaby, BC, Canada 13,936 15,097 CAD 28-Feb-26 Head office Mesa, Arizona, USA 235,000 N/A USD 28-Feb-33 Engineer Manufacturing Facility Huntington Beach, CA, USA 17,980 25,711 USD 31-Jan-27 Service distribution center Mesa, Arizona, USA 14,375 15,813 USD 30-Jun-23 PDI Facility Scottsdale, AZ, USA 150 12,500 USD 30-Sep-24 Retail kiosk Portland, OR, USA 150 10,450 USD 29-Feb-24 Retail kiosk Walnut Creek, CA, USA 200 8,350 USD 31-Mar-23 Retail Kiosk Glendale, AZ, USA 200 8,272 USD 31-Mar-23 Retail Kiosk San Diego, CA, USA 180 7,950 USD 31-Jan-23 Retail Kiosk Torrance, CA, USA 900 7,917 USD 24-May-23 Retail kiosk Sherman Oaks, CA, USA 298 5,607 USD 30-Sep-23 Retail Kiosk New Westminster, BC, Canada 3,533 3,827 CAD 21-Jul-23 Storage Note: The Mesa, Arizona facility lease included a rent-free period for 2022. On a go-forward basis, the Company expects to incur 187,000 per month which escalates over the duration of the lease. Additionally, subsequent to year-end, the Company negotiated the expiration of its Burnaby headquarters lease to end June 2023. The Company will relocate its headquarter operations to a WeWork Workplace LLC office in Burnaby, B.C., Canada. Refer to Note 21 Subsequent Events in the financial statements included herein for more details. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our ongoing needs and that, if we require additional space, we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS As of the date of this Form 10-K, other than as disclosed below, there are no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business, to which our Company or any of our subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is subject, and no director, officer, affiliate or record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock, or any associate or any such director, officer, affiliate or security holder, is: (i) a party adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries in any legal proceeding; or (ii) has an adverse interest to us or any of our subsidiaries in any legal proceeding. Other than as disclosed below, management is not aware of any other material legal proceedings pending or that have been threatened against us or our properties. In the ordinary course of business, we may from time to time become subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in connection with ongoing business activities. The results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and unfavorable resolutions are possible and could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. In addition, regardless of the outcome, litigation could have an adverse impact on us as a result of legal fees, the diversion of management s time and attention and other factors. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Zongshen, our Chinese manufacturer of the SOLO, has made various claims for fees owed by us under the Manufacturing Agreement arising from our plans to conclude the Manufacturing Agreement. We also have raised potential claims against Zongshen related to various defects in the SOLO vehicles manufactured for us by Zongshen. The Manufacturing Agreement is governed by Hong Kong law with mandatory arbitration in Hong Kong. No legal proceedings have been initiated by either party. Therefore, the Company is unable to forecast a resolution of the conclusion of the Manufacturing Agreement Other than as disclosed above, there are no legal proceedings as of the date of this Annual Report that in the opinion of management might have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, or that are required to be disclosed under the rules of the SEC. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market for Common Shares Our common shares are traded on Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SOLO . Volume in our shares may be sporadic and the price could experience volatility. Transfer Agent for Common Shares Our shares of common stock are recorded in registered form on the books of our transfer agent, VStock Transfer, LLC, located 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598. Holders of Common Shares As at April 12, 2023, there were 294 holders of record of our common shares, which does not include shareholders whose shares are held in street or nominee names. Dividends We have not paid any dividends on our common shares since incorporation. Our management anticipates that we will retain all future earnings and other cash resources for the future operation and development of our business. We do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of any future dividends will be at the Board of Directors discretion, subject to applicable law, after taking into account many factors including our operating results, financial condition and current and anticipated cash needs. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities None. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following tables provide selected financial data for each of the past two years, and should be read in conjunction with, and are qualified in their entirety be reference to, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as presented under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. These historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. 

Year Ended Year Ended CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF NET LOSS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Revenue 6,812,446 2,100,770 Gross Loss (26,255,336) (2,233,911) Net Loss (123,698,513) (38,779,496) Loss per Share Basic and Diluted (1.04) (0.35) 

As at December 31, As at December 31, CONSOLIDATED STATEDMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 2022 2021 Cash and Cash Equivalents 134,255,538 221,928,008 Current Assets 150,153,401 240,844,878 Total Assets 181,246,429 255,398,037 Current Liabilities 36,196,891 7,853,979 Total Liabilities 53,920,902 9,712,789 Shareholders Equity 127,325,527 245,685,248 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors or in other parts of this Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. General The following management s discussion and analysis, prepared for the year ended December 31, 2022, is a review of our operations, current financial position and outlook and should be read in conjunction with our annual audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the notes thereto. Amounts are reported in United States dollars USD based upon financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or U.S. GAAP ). Overview and Highlights ElectraMeccanica designs and assembles smaller, simpler, purposeful electric vehicles that we believe are a better fit for everyday use in an increasingly crowded, technically complex world. Our goal is to expand the market for everyday EVs beyond traditional OEM categories (pickup trucks, SUVs and large sedans), many of which emphasize size and power, raising the total cost of ownership. We believe the emerging transition to electric represents an opportunity to not just shift a fuel source for mobility, but also to offer consumers and businesses new styles and types of vehicles. ElectraMeccanica has been assembling and selling a unique, three-wheeled, single-seat commuter vehicle, the SOLO (the G3 SOLO being the most recent model). We commenced commercial production of the G3 SOLO in August 2020 and through the end of 2022 sold over 420 vehicles via our direct-to-consumer sales and marketing initiatives and our retail store operations in the States of California, Arizona and Oregon. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 However, given the significant challenges experienced by both our current customers as well as prospective customers in purchasing, financing, insuring and after-sale servicing of a three-wheel autocyle such as the SOLO, the Company has made a strategic decision to stop the production of the SOLO and commence Project E4, which is the next four-wheel evolution of the SOLO. Project E4 plans to leverage the best features and insights derived from the SOLO, following completion of vehicle design, validation and all required testing. Pending development of the E4, the Company has paused production plans for all other prototype models. As at December 31, 2022, as a result of the Company incurring gross losses and anticipating future gross losses on the sale of SOLOs, the Company s notice to Zongshen to immediately cease production of SOLO vehicles in December 2022, and the identified defects in the SOLOs that lead to the recall announced on February 17, 2023, the Company identified indicators of impairment for its long-lived assets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment of approximately 6.6 million reflecting an impairment of dedicated SOLO production tooling and molds, service and sales demo vehicles and other dedicated equipment of approximately 3.8 million, and approximately 2.8 million of SOLO dedicated batteries that were prepaid as at December 31, 2022. The Company has also begun winding down its contract manufacturing relationship with Zongshen as a result of the recent commissioning of our Mesa, Arizona, facility and our plans to move into four-wheeled designs produced onshore in the U.S. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an estimated contract termination liability of approximately 15.7 million associated with the winding down of this manufacturing contract relationship. Presently, the Company is investigating the cause of an occasional power loss on the SOLO and is, as of February 17, 2023, subject to a self-reported NHTSA recall notice. As a result the Company has now decided to repurchase all 429 SOLO vehicles for the full purchase price paid by the customer, inclusive of the vehicle price, taxes, title and shipping. In addition, the Company has issued a stop drive notice to advise customers not to drive their vehicles because of the safety concern. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded a recall provision of approximately 8.9 million as an estimate of the cost to buy back all retailed vehicles. In December, 2022, we made the decision to also help build other companies electric vehicles to further leverage the resources of our state-of-the-art 235,000 square foot facility located in Mesa, Arizona. We believe this combination of manufacturing our own vehicles and helping to build those of others puts ElectraMeccanica in the best position to benefit from the secular growth of the EV category overall. We further believe that to date this growth largely has excluded smaller, simpler and more useful - but still stylish - forms of electric transportation. During fiscal 2022, we delivered 339 vehicles - resulting in revenues of 6,812,446 and a net loss of 123,698,513. Ability to Finance Our Growth Our long-term ability to continue operations will depend on our continued ability to raise capital on acceptable terms. We incurred losses of 123,698,513 in 2022 and 38,779,496 in 2021 and anticipate incurring losses in our 2023 fiscal year. We had negative operating cash flows of 84,410,328 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and anticipate negative operating cash flows during 2023. Although we had working capital surplus of 113,956,510, including cash and cash equivalents of 134,255,538, as at December 31, 2022, and while we believe our cash on hand will finance our operations over at least the 12 month period following the issuance of our consolidated financial statements, we believe that we will need additional financing to continue and expand operations in the future. If we are unable to continue to access private and public capital on terms that are acceptable to us, we may be forced to curtail or cease operations. Ability to Develop and Launch New Offerings We have concluded that the three-wheeled SOLO, despite positive responses from owners and thousands of people who experienced test drives, ultimately posed significant challenges to the Company s ability to scale revenue profitably in the foreseeable future. Our future ability to generate revenue and profitability will also depend on our ability in designing, developing and launching new vehicle platforms and programs with broader marketability and consumer acceptance commencing with Project E4, as well as successfully building our capability and portfolio of third party contract assembly and/or manufacturing arrangements. Ability to Attract New Customers Our growth will depend in large part on our ability to attract new customers for our vehicles and commercial customers for contract assembly and/or manufacturing. We remain in the early stages of growth in our existing markets, and we expect to strengthen brand 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 awareness and engagement, following further development of the E4 as well as related consumer research. An inability to attract new customers would substantially impact our ability to generate revenue and profitability in the future. Operating Results - Results of Operations for the Year ended December 31, 2022 as Compared to the Year Ended December 30, 2021 Revenue The revenue of the Company principally represents sales of the SOLO. Revenue for the SOLO is recognized when the Company has transferred control to the customer which generally occurs upon shipment. The first commercially produced SOLOs were delivered to customers on October 4, 2021. Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6,812,446 compared to 2,100,770 for the corresponding period in 2021, primarily reflecting an increase in SOLO unit deliveries in 2022 to 339 compared with 61 unit deliveries in the prior year. Cost of Revenue and Gross Loss Cost of revenue was 33,067,782 compared to 4,334,681 for the year ended December 31, 2021 providing a gross loss of 26,255,336 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the gross loss of 2,233,911 for the corresponding period in 2021 or -385.4 compared to -106.3 for 2021. The increased cost of revenue and increased gross loss from 2021 to 2022 was primarily attributable to: the write-down of SOLO inventory to net realizable value of approximately 13.8 million in for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with approximately 1.8 million in the prior year, resulting from a lower net realizable value per vehicle due to issues noted with the vehicles, combined with the increased inventory; a recognition of a recall provision of approximately 8.9 million recall for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflecting the Company s decision to repurchase all retailed G3 SOLOs subject to the Company s self-reported NHTSA recall notice; and an increase in other cost of revenue (third party contracted unit cost, assembly labor and other manufacturing overhead costs) of approximately 7.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the prior year resulting from the significant increase in unit deliveries in 2022 when compared with 2021. 
 Net Loss During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 123,698,513, compared to a net loss of 38,779,496 for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase in net loss from 2021 to 2022 was primarily attributable to the increase in gross loss, increase in operating expenses, and asset impairments and contract termination liabilities associated with the Company s decision to stop production of the G3 SOLO. General and administrative expenses For the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses were 39,755,257, compared to 28,187,657 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 11,567,600 was principally a result of the following: salaries and personnel related costs increased by approximately 4 million related to the addition of new employees as we continued to expand our commercial operations; amortization expense increased by approximately 2.34 million due to the addition in property and equipment and SAP assets; rent expenses increased by approximately 1.3 million primarily related to the completion and occupancy of the Mesa, Arizona facility; office expenses increased by approximately 1.45 million due to increases in software subscriptions, travel, office supplies and related costs associated with the scaling up of our business during the year; and 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 capital markets and investor support and investor relation expense increased by approximately 1.36 million. 
 Research and development expenses Research and development expenses related to scaling engineering teams associated with the continued launch of the SOLO increased to 22,031,212 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 17,090,282 for the corresponding year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in research and development expenses from 2021 to 2022 was primarily attributable to increases in headcount during 2022 to support both SOLO production as well as development of future product programs. Sales and marketing expenses Sales and marketing expenses increased to 14,663,968 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 10,773,938 for the corresponding year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in sales and marketing expenses from 2021 to 2022 was primarily the result of ongoing ramping during the year of professionalized sales efforts, ElectraMeccanica s web presence, expanded digital marketing efforts and continued growth in the Company s sales and marketing headcount. and growing its sales team. Impairment The Company recorded an impairment loss of 7,592,641 for the year ended December 31, 2022 nil for prior year), mainly attributable to 3,819,519 for impairment of property and equipment and 2,804,032 for impairment of prepaid batteries dedicated to the SOLO, and 549,760 impairment of goodwill and 400,628 impairment of intangible assets associated with the Company s previous acquisition of Intermeccanica International Inc. Other Items Contract termination loss In December 2022, the Company provided written notice to Zongshen to cease production of the G3 SOLO in accordance with the terms of the Manufacturing Agreement. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, Zongshen provided written notice to the Company of certain monetary claims related to the cease production notice and an estimate of costs associated with concluding the Manufacturing Agreement. The Company does not agree with Zongshen s calculation of monetary claims; however, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued a liability of 15.7 million in termination provisions under the Manufacturing Agreement including the purchase of excess parts, production molds and payment for an additional 174 completed vehicles. The parties are presently in discussions to conclude the Manufacturing Agreement. Currently there are no formal legal claims by either party. Changes in fair values of warrant derivative The Company incurred a gain relating to changes in the fair value of warrant derivatives of 191,202 (2021: gain of 18,920,428) mainly caused by the decrease of our share price from 2.28 at December 31, 2021 to 0.60 at December 31, 2022. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity The Company s financial success depends upon its ability to market and sell its electric vehicles and to continue to raise sufficient working capital to enable us to execute against business and product development plans. The Company s historical capital needs have been met by the sale of the Company s stock. Additional equity financing may not be possible on acceptable terms at the times required by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 119,287,917 issued and outstanding shares and 142,038,854 shares on a fully-diluted basis. The Company had 113,956,510 of working capital surplus as at December 31, 2022, compared to 232,990,899 of working capital surplus as at December 31, 2021. The decrease in working capital resulted from cash used in operations of 84,410,328 (2021: 60,721,233) and cash used in investing activities of 3,398,974 (2021: 4,638,821) related to additions to property and equipment, offset by cash generated from financing activities of 380,868 (2021: 157,984,675). 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 These financial statements have been prepared on a basis which assumes that the Company will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. If additional future financing is not available and revenue from the sale of the Company s electric vehicles and contract assembly and/or manufacturing activities do not produce sufficient net cash flow, then the Company may require a significant curtailing of operations to ensure its survival or may be required to cease operations. As at December 31, 2022, the Company has 134,255,538 of cash and cash equivalents on hand, and the Company believes that it has sufficient cash to carry on operations for at least the next 12 month period following issuance of this Annual Report. Summary of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows: Cash flows used in operating activities 84,410,328 60,721,233 Cash flows used in investing activities 3,398,974 4,638,821 Cash flows provided by financing activities 380,868 157,984,675 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (87,428,435) 92,624,621 Operating Activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 84,410,328 cash in operating activities, compared with 60,721,233 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used in operating activities increased in 2022 principally as a result an increase in cash based losses, increases in pre-paid expenses and other assets of 5,594,460 and an increase in inventory of 14,664,270. Investing Activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 3,398,974 cash used in investing activities compared with 4,638,821 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash in investing activities slightly decreased and was related to additions to property and equipment. Financing Activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received net proceeds of 380,868 in cash from the issuance of common shares for stock options exercised and RSUs exercised, as compared to 157,984,675 for the same period last year from proceeds on issuance of common shares and warrants and stock options exercised. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. Capital Resources As at December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 134,255,538 (2021: 221,928,008). Accounting Policies The preparation of the Company s financial statements requires management to use estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as well as revenue and expenses. These are based on the best information available at the time utilizing generally accepted industry standards. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgements and Estimates Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Preparation of the financial statements requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that impact the reported amount of net sales and expenses, assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We consider an accounting judgment, estimate or assumption to be critical when the estimate or assumption is complex in nature or requires a high degree of judgment and when the use of different judgments, estimates and assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements, we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. Estimates are based on management s best knowledge of current events and actions that the Company may undertake in the future. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. Product Recall: The estimate related to product recall is established using historical information and is established by applying a paid loss approach which considers the following: Customer Transaction Price The amount that the customer has paid the Company or was paid to the Company via customer financing. This amount includes the vehicle selling price, delivery costs, taxes and title, less any discounts the customer received; Transportation Costs The estimated transportation amount is the cost to ship customer vehicles to Mesa, Arizona, and is based on historic transportation expenses; Goodwill Payment This amount is management s voluntary payment to the customer to offset any customer payments that are not recoverable. This amount is not required by NHTSA; and Internal Costs Incurred These are expenses related to researching a remedy for the recall issue. 
 Actual expenses incurred could differ from the estimated amount in future periods. Inventory Valuation: We review our inventory to ensure that the carrying value does not exceed net realizable value NRV ), with NRV based on the estimated selling price of inventory, less disposal and transportation costs. When the carrying value of inventory exceeds its NRV, we perform an exercise to calculate the approximate amount by which carrying value is greater than NRV and record additional cost of the revenue for the difference. Once a write-off occurs, a new, lower cost basis is established. In estimating the net realizable value of the vehicle inventory at December 31, 2022, the Company has concluded that it is able to recover the inventory value through exporting vehicles outside of the U.S. to recover tariffs already paid. The vehicle inventory s net realizable value recognized at December 31, 2022 represents the amount that can be recovered from claiming the tariff. In estimating the net realizable value of vehicle inventory at December 31, 2021, the Company considered the selling price information for sales near the balance sheet date. Contract Termination: In December 2022, the Company provided written notice to Zongshen to cease production of the G3 SOLO in accordance with the terms of the Manufacturing Agreement. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, Zongshen provided written notice to the Company estimating costs of 22.8 million related to the cease production notice and an estimate of costs associated with concluding the Manufacturing Agreement. The Company does not agree with Zongshen s calculation of monetary claims; however, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued an estimate of liability of 15.7 million in termination provisions under the Manufacturing Agreement including the purchase of excess parts, production molds and payment for an additional 174 completed vehicles. Impairment of Assets: Long-lived assets, such as plant, and equipment, finite-lived intangible assets, and operating lease right-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Estimates are used in the execution of such impairment testing. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group be tested for possible impairment, the Company first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. Fair value can be determined through various valuation techniques including estimated discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. Any impairment loss recognized is not reversed in future periods. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 For the purpose of impairment testing at December 31, 2022, all held-and-used long-lived assets, including plant and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, and other assets were grouped in one asset group the SOLO asset group. The carrying amount of the SOLO asset group was higher than the recoverable amount on an undiscounted cash flow basis, and therefore the Company compared the carrying amount of the SOLO asset group to its fair value, being the aggregate of the fair values of the individual assets within the asset group. The Company estimated the fair values of the individual assets comprising the SOLO asset group using a combination of methods. The fair values of right-of-use assets and leasehold improvements were determined using a discounted cash flows approach, where the significant inputs included the estimated market rent and discount rate for each leased property. The Company used a combination of a market approach and cost approach to determine the fair values of the other plant and equipment and other assets. The significant input in the determination of the fair value of the cloud computing assets was the obsolescence factor applied to determine the depreciated replacement cost. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded Nil impairment charge for the SOLO asset group as the asset group s estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value. Changes in Accounting Policies and Future Accounting Changes None. Conversion from IFRS to U.S. GAAP As the Company no longer qualifies as a foreign private issuer, its consolidated financial statements have been retroactively converted from IFRS to U.S. GAAP. The significant differences between IFRS and U.S. GAAP as they relate to the Company are as follows: c loud computing assets were expensed under IFRS. Under U.S. GAAP, costs relating to the implementation of the new enterprise resource planning ERP system in year 2022 and 2021 were capitalized. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, gross capitalized implementation costs amounted to 3,488,785 and 2,681,410, respectively; and we applied ASC 842 to account for all the leases. All of the Company s leases are operating leases under ASC 842. Under IFRS16, the right-of-use asset is generally amortized on a straight-line basis. Each component, amortization and interest expense, is presented separately on the statement of income. However, under ASC 842, lease expense for operating leases generally results in a straight-line expense profile. As a result of adoption of ASC 842, 767,293 of amortization expense and 150,685 of interest expense was reclassified to rent expense for the year ended 2021. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Financial Statements The consolidated financial statements and related information as listed below for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, are included in this Annual Report beginning on page F-1: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm: KPMG LLP, Vancouver, B.C., Canada, Auditor Firm ID: ; Consolidated Statements of Balance Sheets; Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss; Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity; and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Expressed in United States Dollars 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 KPMG LLP PO Box 10426 777 Dunsmuir Street Vancouver BC V7Y 1K3 Canada Telephone (604) 691-3000 Fax (604) 691-3031 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Change in Comprehensive Basis of Accounting As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its comprehensive basis of accounting from International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles effective with the preparation of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles were applied retrospectively to the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Valuation of long-lived assets As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company assesses long-lived assets, such as plant and equipment, finite-lived intangible assets, and operating lease right-of-use assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested for impairment and the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount of the assets exceeds their fair value. As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, for the purpose of impairment testing as at December 31, 2022, all held-and-used long-lived assets, including plant and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, and other assets were grouped in one asset group the SOLO asset group. As of December 31, 2022, the assets in the SOLO asset group included a portion of the 16,452,477 in plant and equipment related to leasehold improvements, 9,031,277 in operating lease right-of-use assets, and 3,920,869 and 1,234,039 in cloud computing assets included in other assets, and prepaid expenses and other current assets, respectively. We identified the assessment of the valuation of certain assets within the SOLO asset group as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the selection of the market rent and discount rate inputs used in determining the fair values of the operating lease right-of-use assets and leasehold improvements included in the Company s plant and equipment. Subjective auditor judgment was also required to evaluate the selection of the method applied and the obsolescence factor used in determining the fair value of the cloud computing assets. The estimation of market rents, discount rates, and obsolescence factor is subject to significant measurement uncertainty. Changes in these assumptions or the use of a different valuation method to value the cloud computing assets could have had a significant impact on the fair values of the leasehold improvements, operating lease right-of-use assets, and cloud computing assets within the SOLO asset group. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We performed sensitivity analysis and assessed the impact of possible changes to the market rents and discount rates on the fair values of the right-of-use assets and leasehold improvements. With the assistance of valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, we: compared the selected market rents and discount rates to third-party industry data for premises with similar characteristics, including type and location. evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation model selected to determine the fair value of the cloud computing assets by inspecting supporting documentation obtained from the Company and the Company s external valuation specialists. compared the selected obsolescence factor for the cloud computing assets to third-party industry data for similar assets. 
 /s/ Chartered Professional Accountants We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. April 17, 2023. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Consolidated Balance Sheets (Expressed in United States dollars) 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Inventory, net Total current assets Restricted cash Plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Total assets Current liabilities Trade payables and accrued liabilities Customer deposits Construction contract liability Current portion of lease liabilities Contract termination liability Total current liabilities Derivative liabilities Share-based compensation liability Lease liabilities Deferred revenue Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity Share capital - without par value, unlimited shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Expressed in United States dollars) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross loss ) ) Operating expenses General and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Sales and marketing expenses Impairment Operating loss ) ) Other non-operating income (expense) Interest income Changes in fair value of derivative liabilities Contract termination loss ) Other income / (expense), net ) Foreign exchange loss ) ) Loss before taxes ) ) Current income tax expense Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation adjustments Comprehensive loss ) ) Loss per share basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Expressed in United States dollars) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Inventory provision Impairment Contract termination loss Recall provision Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ) ) Unrealized currency translation losses Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Inventory ) ) Trade payables and accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Customer deposits and construction contract liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows in investing activities Expenditures on plant and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds on issuance of common shares net of issue costs Proceeds from / (payment for) issuance of common shares for RSU settlement ) ) Payment for DSU settlement ) Proceeds from issuance of common shares for options exercised Proceeds from issuance of common shares for warrants exercised Net cash provided by financing activities Increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, ending The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Expressed in United States dollars) 

Accumulated Other Share capital Comprehensive Accumulated Number of shares Amount Income Deficit Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Effect of change in functional currency [1] ) ) Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Shares issued for cash Share issuance costs ) ) Shares issued pursuant to exercise of warrants Shares issued pursuant to exercise of options Shares issued pursuant to exercise of RSU ) ) Shares issued pursuant to exercise of DSU Transfer of DSU to liabilities [2] ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Shares issued pursuant to exercise of options Shares issued pursuant to exercise of RSU ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation Balance at December 31, 2022 ) [1] The Company considered the current and prospective economic substance of the underlying transactions and circumstances of the Company and concluded that as of January 1, 2021, the functional currency should be USD rather than CAD. The effect of the change in functional currency to USD was applied prospectively in the financial statements effective January 1, 2021. The financial position of the Company as at January 1, 2021 has been translated from CAD to USD at an exchange rate of . [2] During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company changed the settlement intention by allowing the holders of the DSUs to settle the DSUs in cash or common shares. As a result, the entire DSU balance of was reclassified from equity to Share-based compensation liability. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 40 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (December 31, 2021 - in revenues from the sale of these electric vehicles. It is anticipated that additional funding will be required in the future. Management primarily intends to finance its operations over the next 12 months principally using existing cash on hand, and may supplement by additional funding through private placements and/or public offerings of equity capital or debt. 
 41 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 42 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Computer hardware Computer software Vehicles Production molds Leasehold improvements over term of lease Right-of-use assets over term of lease 
 43 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 44 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As disclosed in Notes 10 and 21, the Company has decided to buy-back all the vehicles sold and has recognized a recall provision at December 31, 2022 in relation to the anticipated expenditures under this program to repurchase all the G3 SOLO vehicles previously sold. At December 31, 2022, no additional warranty provision has been recognized other than the recall provision as no future warranty services would be required following Company s decision to buy-back the vehicles under the recall. As of December 31, 2021, warranty provision was recognized based on management s estimate. Part sales The sale of parts is a single performance obligation to be recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer. Shipping and handling provided by Company is considered a fulfillment activity. Payment for the products sold are made upon invoice or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business. The Company s parts sales do not contain a significant financing component. The Company has elected to exclude sales taxes from the measurement of the transaction price. Services, repairs and support services Services, repairs and support services are recognized in the accounting period when the services are rendered. Payment for the services are made upon invoice or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business. The Company s service revenue does not contain a significant financing component. The Company has elected to exclude sales taxes from the measurement of the transaction price. Sales of custom built vehicles The Company manufactures and sells custom built vehicles typically on fixed fee arrangements with its customers. Revenue is recognized when the Company has transferred control to the customer which generally occurs upon completion of shipment to the 
 45 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 46 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 47 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 operating segments - electric vehicles and custom-built vehicles, which are its reportable segments in year for 2022 and 2021. 
 48 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash The Company s restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consists of certificates of deposits related to the Company s corporate credit card program. Battery cell deposit Battery deposit Prepaid insurance Prepaid rent and security deposit Cloud computing assets Other prepaid expenses For the year ended December 31, 2022, an impairment loss of (2021 - was recognized for non-refundable deposits for battery cells dedicated to the SOLO, as a result of the Company s decision to stop production of the SOLO as well as considering alternative uses and maintenance of such batteries. 
 49 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Work in progress Vehicles Inventory provision ) ) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amounts of and , respectively, were recognized as inventory write-downs and reflected in cost of revenue. In estimating the net realizable value of the vehicle inventory at December 31, 2022, the Company has concluded that it is able to recover the inventory value through exporting vehicles outside of the U.S. to recover tariffs already paid. The vehicle inventory s net realizable value recognized at December 31, 2022 represents the amount that can be recovered from claiming the tariff. In estimating the net realizable value of vehicle inventory at December 31, 2021, the Company considered the selling price information for sales near the balance sheet date. Computer hardware and software Vehicles Leasehold improvements Production tooling and molds Total plant and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Plant and equipment, net During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation expense of and , respectively, was included in the general and administrative expenses. At December 31, 2022, production tooling and molds with a cost of and accumulated depreciation of were written off to as these molding assets for the SOLO will no longer be used and these assets were not considered to have any alternate use. As at December 31, 2022, vehicle assets with cost of and accumulated depreciation of were impaired. These vehicles are SOLO demo vehicles used for sales and services. An impairment loss of was recognized based on the amount that can be recovered from claiming the tariff and disposing of the vehicles. Cloud computing assets 
 50 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 As of December 31, 2022, gross capitalized implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement and related accumulated amortization were and , respectively (December 31, 2021 - and , respectively). Our capitalized implementation costs primarily relate to the implementation of a new enterprise resource planning ERP system during 2021 and 2022. In October 2021, we successfully went live with the new ERP system and started to amortize the cost, and we continue to progress with additional functionality and integrations as scheduled. These capitalized costs are included as a component of prepaid expenses and other current assets and other non-current assets on our consolidated balance sheet. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization expense of and , respectively was recorded for capitalized implementation costs. The estimated aggregate amortization expense amounts to for each of year 2023 to year 2025 , for year 2026, and for year 2027. non-cash impairment charge for production mold equipment and SOLO demo vehicles in 2022 (see Note 6). The Company started to sell the SOLO in October 2021 and has been generating a gross loss from selling the vehicles. In Q4 2022, we reduced the SOLO listing price from to . On December 20, 2022, the Company gave notice to Zongshen to immediately cease all production of SOLO vehicles. On February 17, 2023, the Company announced a voluntary recall of the SOLO. The Company has paused deliveries and sales of the SOLO while investigating the issue. The recall was issued due to the vehicle potentially experiencing a loss of propulsion while driving. Due to the fact that the SOLO vehicles have been generating a negative cash flow, the plan to cease production of SOLO, as well as the quality issues with the SOLO, we concluded that an impairment triggering event had occurred for the SOLO asset group at December 31, 2022. For the purpose of impairment testing at December 31, 2022, all held-and-used long-lived assets, including plant and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, and other assets were grouped in one asset group the SOLO asset group. The carrying amount of the SOLO asset group was higher than the recoverable amount on an undiscounted cash flow basis, and therefore the Company compared the carrying amount of the SOLO asset group to its fair value, being the aggregate of the fair values of the individual assets within the asset group. The Company estimated the fair values of the individual assets comprising the SOLO asset group using a combination of methods. The fair values of right-of-use assets and leasehold improvements were determined using a discounted cash flows approach, where the significant inputs included the estimated market rent and discount rate for each leased property. The Company used a combination of a market approach and cost approach to determine the fair values of the other plant and equipment and other assets. The significant input in the determination of the fair value of the cloud computing assets was the obsolescence factor applied to determine the depreciated replacement cost. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded impairment charge for the SOLO asset group as the asset group s estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value. There was impairment of long-lived assets for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 51 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 reporting units, which are the same as its operating segments (see Note 18). Intermeccanica started the restricting process and stopped taking any further orders in 2022. As such and in connection with the Company s annual and long-range planning process, which coincided with the Company s annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter, management determined that the custom built vehicle reporting unit s financial performance would be lower than previously anticipated. The Company s quantitative goodwill impairment test using an income methodology indicated that its fair value of the custom built vehicle reporting units no longer exceeded the carrying value, and therefore the Company recognized goodwill impairment of , representing the full amount of goodwill. The quantitative goodwill impairment test performed by the Company as of December 31, 2022, included significant level 3 fair value estimates and assumptions including, among others, cash flow projections and selecting an appropriate discount rate. There was impairment of goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2021. Intangible assets The Company s intangible assets consist of trade name, customer relationships, domain name and non-compete covenants. These intangible assets were acquired from the acquisition of Intermeccanica. The non-compete covenants asset is amortized over and the other intangible assets have indefinite lives. The trade name, customer relationships and non-compete covenants assets belong to the custom built vehicle reportable segment. The Company s quantitative impairment test indicated that the fair value of the custom built vehicle reporting unit no longer exceeded its carrying value, consequently the Company recognized impairment charges of for trade name, customer relationships and non-compete covenant assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. The gross carrying amounts, accumulated amortization and net carrying amounts of the Company s definite-lived amortizable intangible assets, as well as its indefinite-lived intangible trade names, are as follows: 
 52 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Non-compete covenants Trade name Domain name There was impairment of intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2021. Due to related parties Recall provision (Note 21) Accrued liabilities On February 17, 2023, the Company announced a voluntary recall of the G3 SOLO. The Company paused deliveries and sales of the SOLO while investigating the issue. The recall was made due to the vehicle potentially experiencing a loss of propulsion while driving. The Company was required to fix the issue within a specific timeframe from the date of recall announcement. After a thorough investigation, the Company was not able to determine the root cause and fix of the said issue and has therefore issued a buy-back program for all retailed vehicles. The Company has recorded a recall provision of as an estimate of the cost to buy back all retailed vehicles. This amount is included within accrued liabilities. . The components of lease expense, included within general and administrative expenses and sales and marketing expenses are as follows within the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss: Short-term lease expense During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company commenced a lease agreement for the Mesa facility for a period of months. As a result, the Company recognized a right-of-use asset of , a lease liability of and leasehold improvements of and derecognized the prepaid lease payment of at the commencement of the lease. The lease grants the Company renewal options of each that the Company determined are not reasonably certain to be exercised. Lease-related assets and liabilities as presented in the consolidated balance sheets consist of the following: 
 53 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Liabilities: Current portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities The Company has calculated the weighted-average remaining lease term, presented in years below, and the weighted-average discount rate for the operating lease population. The Company uses the incremental borrowing rate as the lease discount rate, unless the lessor s rate implicit in the lease is readily determinable, in which case it is used. Weighted average operating lease discount rate Supplemental cash flow information related to leases where the Company is the lessee is as follows: Non-cash item for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities As of December 31, 2022, the maturities of our operating lease liabilities (excluding short-term leases) are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: interest Present value of lease obligations Less: Current portion Long-term portion of lease obligations million 
 54 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 million in termination provisions under the Manufacturing Agreement including the purchase of excess parts, production molds and payment for an additional completed vehicles. The Company is currently evaluating potential claims against Zongshen for breach of express and implied conditions and warranties arising from any defects previously noted for the G3 SOLO. The quantum of such claims cannot be ascertained at this time, and any formal claims which may be made by Zongshen. The Company is therefore evaluating its right to setoff such damages against any such formal claims if made. The parties are presently in discussions to conclude the Manufacturing Agreement and claims arising therefrom, however, there are no formal legal claims by either party at this time. ) U.S. operations ) ) Other operations ) ) ) Provisions for federal, foreign and state income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations consisted of the following components: Current expense and total income tax expense The Company s effective tax rate was for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following summary reconciles income taxes at the statutory rate of applicable for all periods presented to the Company s actual income tax expense: ) Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: Non-deductible business expenses ) Tax effects attributable to foreign operations ) Change in estimates Share issue costs and other ) Change in valuation allowance Income tax expense (benefit) 
 55 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The temporary differences that give rise to significant portion of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: Inventory R D expenditure Lease liability Property, plant and equipment Share issue costs SR ED expenditures Other assets / liabilities Stock based compensation Deferred tax asset, gross Valuation allowance Deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities Cloud computing assets ) ) Lease assets ) ) Intangible assets ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately non-capital loss carryforwards in Canada with expiration dates between 2034 and 2042 and approximately non-capital loss carryforwards in U.S. that can be carried forward indefinitely until used. The Company has provided a valuation allowance against the full amount of such losses, which the Company does not expect to utilize. 
 56 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Warrants exercised ) ) Warrants expired ) Revaluation ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Warrants exercised Warrants expired Revaluation ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 The following table provides the relevant information on the outstanding warrants as at December 31, 2022: CAD May 14, 2023 June 5, 2018 CAD June 5, 2023 June 13, 2018 CAD June 13, 2023 June 25, 2018 CAD June 25, 2023 July 18, 2018 CAD July 18, 2023 July 20, 2018 CAD July 20, 2023 The fair value of the derivative warrant liabilities was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and based on the following assumptions: Exercise price - Annualized volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend rate The Company measured its derivative warrant liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis. These financial liabilities were measured using level 2 inputs. The Company uses the historical volatility of the underlying share to establish the expected volatility of the warrants. An increase or decrease in this assumption to estimate the fair values using the Black-Scholes option pricing model would result in a decrease or an increase in the fair value of the instruments, respectively. 
 57 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 issued and outstanding common shares (December 31, 2021 and preferred shares (December 31, 2021 ). Share options exercised During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common shares for options exercised by option holders for proceeds of (2021 shares for proceeds of ). RSUs released During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common shares for restricted share units RSUs exercised by officers and decreased share capital by (2021 shares for share capital decrease of ). Warrants On exercise, each warrant allows the holder to purchase common share of the Company or to exchange common share of the Company cashless base on formula set in the warrant agreement. Changes in the value of equity related to the warrants for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Warrants exercised ) Warrants expired ) ) Warrants outstanding, ending October 31, 2024 August 8, 2018 August 8, 2023 November 9, 2018 November 9, 2023 November 9, 2018 May 9, 2024 was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 - ). Research and development expenses Sales and marketing expenses 
 58 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Stock options The Company adopted its 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the Stock Incentive Plan on July 9, 2020, which provides that the Board of Directors of the Company may from time to time, in its discretion, grant to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company certain stock-based compensation awards including non-transferable stock options to purchase common shares, provided that the number of common shares reserved for issuance will not exceed . Such stock options may be exercisable for a period of up to from the date of grant. Stock options may be exercised no later than following cessation of the optionee s position with the Company unless any exercise extension has been approved in advance by the Plan Administrator. Stock options granted may vest based on terms and conditions set out in the stock option agreements themselves. On exercise, each stock option allows the holder to purchase common share of the Company or to exchange common share of the Company without cash payment for the number of common shares calculated by a formula as set forth in the stock option agreement. The changes in stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows: Options granted Options exercised ) ) Options forfeited/expired/cancelled ) ) Options outstanding, ending 
 59 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Details of stock options outstanding as at December 31, 2022 were as follows: The weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was (2021 - ). The fair value was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following weighted average assumptions: - - Annualized volatility - - Risk-free interest rate - - Dividend rate During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of (2021 - for stock options granted. Unrecognized compensation cost of as at December 31, 2022 with a weighted average period remaining of years unrecognized compensation cost as at December 31, 2021 with a weighted average period remaining of years). The use of a valuation model for the options requires management to make certain assumptions with respect to selected model inputs. Expected volatility was calculated based on the combination of the observed volatility for comparable companies and the Company s historical volatility. The expected time to maturity was based on the weighted-average vesting terms and contractual terms of the awards. The dividend yield was based on the Company s expected dividend rate. The risk-free interest rate was based on U.S. Treasury rates commensurate with the expected life of the award. We use the simplified method for stock options with no market conditions, which is a weighted average of the vesting term and contractual term, to determine expected term. The simplified method was adopted since we do not believe that historical experience is representative of future performance because of the changes in stock prices. 
 60 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 DSUs (2021 DSUs), which will vest over . Changes in the value of the DSUs liability for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Reclassification to liability DSUs exercised ) ) Issuance Stock-based compensation expense ) Balance, December 31, 2021 DSUs exercised Issuance Stock-based compensation expense Balance, December 31, 2022 The number and weighted average share prices of DSUs are as follows: DSUs granted DSUs exercised ) DSUs outstanding, ending Details of DSUs outstanding as at December 31, 2022 are as follows: The fair value of the DSUs liabilities was estimated using the stock price as of December 31, 2022. Stock-based compensation recognized under this plan amounted to for the years ended December 31, 2022 (2021 income of ). Unrecognized compensation cost of as at December 31, 2022 with a weighted average period remaining of years unrecognized compensation cost as at December 31, 2021 with a weighted average period remaining of years). RSUs RSUs are stock-based awards that may be granted by the Company to certain eligible participants pursuant to its current Plan which was ratified by Company shareholders on July 9, 2020. RSUs are accounted for as equity-settled share based payment transactions as the obligations under an RSU will be settled through the issuance of common shares. 
 61 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 RSUs granted RSUs exercised ) ) RSUs expired ) ) RSUs outstanding, ending Details of RSUs outstanding as at December 31, 2022 were as follows: During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of (2021 - for RSUs granted during the year. Unrecognized compensation cost was as at December 31, 2022 unrecognized compensation cost as at December 31, 2021 with a weighted average period remaining of years). (2021 and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding of (2021 ). Fully diluted loss per share did not include the effect of stock options (2021 ), warrants (2021 ), DSUs (2021 and RSUs (2021 as the effect would be anti-dilutive. reportable business segments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The reportable business segments offer different products, require different production processes, and are based on how the financial information is produced internally for the purposes of making operating decisions. The following summary describes the operations of each of the Company s reportable business segments: Electric Vehicles development and manufacture of electric vehicles for mass markets, and Custom built vehicles development and manufacture of high-end custom-built vehicles. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Gross profit ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Operating expenses ) ) ) ) Other items ) Current income tax recovery ) ) Deferred income tax recovery Net (loss)/income ) ) ) FX translation Comprehensive (loss)/income ) ) ) 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Electric Custom Built Electric Custom Built Vehicles Vehicles Vehicles Vehicles Inventory Plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Canada Total Plant and equipment and right-of-use assets: 

Year ended Year ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 United States Canada Other foreign countries Total 
 63 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Total The following table presents the hierarchy for our financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Liabilities: Derivative liabilities Share-based compensation liability Total Financial liabilities measured at fair value at December 31, 2022 consisted of the non-transferrable warrants denominated in CAD and Deferred Stock Units. The fair value of Deferred Stock Units is classified as level 2, and the fair value of the non-transferrable warrants are classified as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Deferred Stock Units was measured using the quoted market price for common shares of the Company on the Nasdaq. The fair value of the DSUs was measured using the quoted market price on the Nasdaq. The fair value of the non-transferrable warrants denominated in CAD were calculated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model using the historical volatility of comparable companies as an estimate of future volatility. At December 31, 2022, if the volatility used was increased by the impact would be an increase to the derivative liabilities of (2021 - with a corresponding increase in net loss and comprehensive loss. Also see Note 8 and Note 9. (December 31, 2021 - capital commitments for development of its IT infrastructure and purchase equipment for Mesa facility. Also see Note 21. 
 64 

Table of Contents ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Expressed in United States dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 retailed vehicles. The Company has recorded a recall provision of as an estimate of the cost to buy back all retailed vehicles. This amount is included within accrued liabilities. b. On March 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Contract Assembly Agreement (the Assembly Agreement with GLV, LLC GLV to assemble the Volcon Grunt EVO and Runt off-road electric motorcycles. In accordance with the Assembly Agreement, the Company will perform contract assembly services to GLV for in the Company s Mesa facility and GLV will ship materials and parts to the plant. The Company will charge GLV a fixed service fee per product plus additional fees for support services. Both the Company and GLV have the option to terminate after the first days of the Assembly Agreement upon giving the requisite day notice. Upon termination, GLV will pay the Company all committed, non-cancellable costs and expenses and the Company will return in-process products as well as all GLV materials and parts. c. On March 3, 2023, the Company entered into a Design and Supply Agreement (the Design Agreement with GLV, pursuant to which GLV will provide design, development, and manufacturing services of the Company s two-seat electric motor vehicle, the E4 . The estimated cost as set out in the Design Agreement is , where will be paid during 2023 with the remaining costs to be paid in 2024. The Company may terminate the Design Agreement upon days written notice to GLV. The Company will be responsible for the costs of any finished and conforming products delivered to the Company as well as the costs of the required materials on hand at GLV s purchase price. d. On March 27, 2023, the Company received a deficiency letter from Nasdaq s Listing Qualifications Department notifying the Company that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the closing bid price for the Company s common stock had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Capital Market. In accordance with Nasdaq rules, the Company has been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until September 25, 2023, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. If, at any time before this date, the closing bid price for the Company s common stock is at least 1.00 for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, the Staff will provide the Company written confirmation of compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. The Company may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period. If the Company s share price does not meet the minimum listing requirements in the initial or extended periods, it may seek shareholder approval to execute a reverse stock split. e. On March 28, 2023, the Company entered into a lease agreement with WeWork Workplace LLC to secure office space in Burnaby, BC, Canada beginning May 1, 2023, as the new location of the Company s headquarters. The current headquarter lease has been renegotiated to end in June 2023. The new facility lease is for and costs per month. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. Not applicable. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Pursuant to Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the reports required to be filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) (the COSO 2013 Framework ). Based on its assessment, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting: ineffective control environment and risk assessment process necessary to identify and respond to relevant risks of material misstatement and changes that could impact the system of internal control; ineffective information and communication process resulting from: (a) insufficient communication of internal control information, including objectives and responsibilities; (b) insufficient controls to ensure the relevance, timeliness and quality of information used in control activities; and (c) ineffective information technology IT general controls for SAP that are 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 relevant to the preparation of its financial statements, specifically with respect to: (i) user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate company personnel; (ii) program change management controls to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting financial IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately; and (iii) computer operations controls to ensure that critical batch jobs are monitored and data backups are authorized and monitored; and as a consequence of the above, the Company had ineffective control activities as the Company did not design and maintain effective process level and financial statement level controls in response to the risks of material misstatement. 
 These material weaknesses, which potentially impact all financial statement accounts and disclosures, create a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Remediation Plan for Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is actively engaged and committed to taking the steps necessary to remediate the control deficiencies that constituted the material weaknesses. We have recently hired a Vice President, IT and Chief Information Officer, whose role includes IT compliance and oversight, and engaged a third-party firm as the Company s outsourced internal audit function. During 2023 we plan, in conjunction with our third-party consultants, to review and make the following enhancements to our internal control over financial reporting: implement an effecting control environment and risk assessment process necessary to identify and respond to relevant risks of material misstatement and changes that could impact the system of internal controls; design and implement an information and communication process to address: (i) insufficient communication of internal control information, including objectives and responsibilities; (ii) insufficient controls to ensure the relevance, timeliness and quality of information used in control activities; and (iii) ineffective IT general controls; and design and implement effective control activities to maintain an effective enterprise level, process level and financial statement level control in response to the risks of material misstatement. 
 While we have made progress, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until we complete the design and implementation of the enhanced controls, the controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and we have concluded, through testing, these controls are effective. We believe our remediation plan will be sufficient to remediate the identified material weakness and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, we may determine additional measures or modifications to the remediation plan are necessary. Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting Other than as noted above, there have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not applicable. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance All ElectraMeccanica directors hold office until the next annual general meeting of the shareholders unless their office is earlier vacated in accordance with our Articles or they become disqualified to act as a director. ElectraMeccanica officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. ElectraMeccanica executive officers and directors and their respective ages as of the date of this Annual Report are as follows: Name, Province/State and Country of Residence Age Position Director/Officer Since Susan Docherty (1) , Arizona, U.S. 60 Chief Executive Officer, interim Chief Operating Officer and a director December 5, 2022 Kevin Pavlov (2) , Michigan, U.S. 58 former Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and a director May 1, 2021 Joseph Mitchell (3) , Colorado, U.S. 62 former Chief Operating Officer April 1, 2022 Mark Orsmond , British Columbia, Canada 55 Chief Financial Officer August 22, 2022 Henry Reisner (4) , British Columbia, Canada 59 former President, Chief Operating Officer and a director February 16, 2015 Bal Bhullar (5) , British Columbia, Canada 53 former Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and a director November 19, 2018 Kim Brink, Michigan, U.S. 56 Chief Revenue Officer January 24, 2022 Michael Bridge , Arizona, U.S. 59 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary March 20, 2023 Steven Sanders (6)(10) , New York, U.S. 76 Non-executive Chairman and a director March 16, 2018 Jerry Kroll (7) , British Columbia, Canada 62 Director February 16, 2015 Luisa Ingargiola (10) , Florida, U.S. 55 Director March 16, 2018 Joanne Yan (10) , British Columbia, Canada 65 Director March 6, 2019 David Shemmans (10) , West Sussex, UK 56 Director August 23, 2021 Michael Richardson (10) , Florida, U.S. 66 Non-executive Vice Chairman, Director November 22, 2021 Bill Quigley (10) , Michigan, U.S. 62 Director April 7, 2022 Dietmar Ostermann (10) , Texas, U.S. 66 Director July 27, 2022 Dean Anthony Dent II (8) , Arizona, U.S. 41 former General Counsel and Corporate Secretary September 22, 2022 Isaac Moss (9) , British Columbia, Canada 70 former Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary May 15, 2018 Notes: (1) Ms. Docherty was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and interim Chief Operating Officer of our Company on December 5, 2022, and then appointed a director on December 19, 2022. (2) Mr. Pavlov was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of our Company on May 1, 2021, and then appointed the Chief Executive Officer and director of our Company on September 21, 2021. He was appointed President of our Company on January 27, 2022. Mr. Pavlov resigned from his positions with the Company on December 5, 2022. (3) Mr. Mitchell was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of our Company on April 1, 2022 and resigned from the Company on November 22, 2022. (4) Mr. Reisner was appointed as President and Chief Operating Officer of our Company on May 15, 2018, and then, on May 1, 2021, Mr. Reisner s position was changed to Executive Vice-President and President of Intermeccanica. Mr. Reisner retired from his positions with the Company on January 27, 2022. (5) Ms. Bhullar was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of our Company on November 19, 2018, and as a director of our Company on December 6, 2019. Ms. Bhullar resigned as Chief Financial Officer and a director and was appointed Chief Compliance Officer of our Company on August 22, 2022, and Ms. Bhullar resigned from the Company on December 31, 2022. (6) Mr. Sanders was appointed Chairman of our Company on October 20, 2018. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 (7) Mr. Kroll was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, and a director of our Company on February 16, 2015. Mr. Kroll resigned from his position as President on May 15, 2018, and as Chairman on October 20, 2018. Mr. Kroll resigned as Chief Executive Officer on August 12, 2019. (8) Mr. Dent was appointed General Counsel on August 15, 2022 and then appointed Corporate Secretary on September 22, 2022. Mr. Dent resigned from all positions with the Company on February 3, 2023. (9) Mr. Moss was appointed Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary of our Company on May 15, 2018. Mr. Moss resigned from his positions with the Company on September 22, 2022. (10) Members of the Company s Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Corporate Disclosure and/or Compensation Committee. 
 The following summarizes the occupation and business experience during the past five years or more for our directors and executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report: Susan Docherty, Chief Executive Officer, interim Chief Operating Officer and a Director Ms. Docherty has served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer since December 2022. Ms. Docherty brings to the Company a unique understanding of how to connect consumer behaviors to brands and business models inside the auto/EV industries as well as outside it. She forged a storied global career at GM over 25 years at the automaker, during which she launched, breathed new life into and/or oversaw dozens of vehicle brands ranging from Hummer, to Cadillac, to the Electric Chevy Volt across the US, the EU and China. She added significant depth to her experience starting in 2008 as one of the most senior, frontline sales executives to help lead the company through its emergence from the financial crisis, a government bailout and bankruptcy. Beginning with her appointment as the first-ever auto industry female Vice President of Sales, Service Marketing in 2009, Ms. Docherty s diverse responsibilities came to include overseeing dealer network restructuring; advertising marketing spend as well as agency relationships; sales and servicing; customer data systems; and product as well as manufacturing operations in various countries. Specifically, while overseeing International Operations for GM starting in 2010, she was responsible for its largest growth region, driving volume and revenue increases of close to 700,000 units and 45 billion, respectively. She also launched the Electric Chevy Volt in the EU, reduced the company s losses in Europe by hundreds of millions of dollars annually, and increased GM s market share during a down market. More recently, Ms. Docherty diversified her credentials by engineering the turnaround and re-expansion of Canyon Ranch, the iconic 40-year-old lifestyle and wellness brand. During her four-year tenure at the company as CEO, she restructured its operations, identified and pursued new adjacent growth opportunities including partnerships with airlines, cruise ships and special-purpose housing, adding locations outside the US, overhauling its web presence, building a new management team and relocating its corporate HQ. Her initiatives improved topline growth by over 30 and improved profits by 80 during her time there. Ms. Docherty also broadened her governance and oversight credentials by serving on three Boards of Directors, including the NYSE-listed Brinks Company and the newly public Mister Car Wash, as well as the private-equity-backed J J Ventures Gaming. Mark Orsmond, Chief Financial Officer Mr. Orsmond has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since August 2022. Mr. Orsmond is an experienced business leader with a proven track record of managing and growing businesses to become global enterprises. Prior to joining ElectraMeccanica, Mr. Orsmond acted as the CFO and Executive Vice President of Taiga Motors where he led Taiga s IPO on to the TSX and simultaneous financing of 151 million in equity and 50 million in government grant commitments. For approximatelythree3 years, Mr. Orsmond also served as CFO and Executive Vice President of the Corix Group of Companies where he managed a team of over 45 accounting and finance professionals, overseeing an annual budget in excess of 2.5 billion and 1.6 billion in a debt portfolio. Prior to Corix, Mr. Orsmond was a principal of All-Sea Group of companies that he assisted in developing, over a 10-year period, into one of the world s leading underwater, high-capacity service companies and secured contracts with many of the world s leading marine participants such as: Rolls Royce, Wartsila, Nakashima, Hyundai, Samsung, Seaspan, Husky Oil, Shell Oil and US marine. Mr. Orsmond is a Certified Public Accountant with a bachelor degree in Accounting Science. Kim Brink, Chief Revenue Officer Ms. Brink has served as the Company s Chief Revenue Officer since January 2022. Ms. Brink brings over two decades of global agency and C-suite expertise to ElectraMeccanica. Most recently, she was the Global Chief Operating Officer and Executive Committee Chair at GTB, a global leading marketing agency dedicated to Ford Motor Company and its retail dealers. Previously, Ms. Brink held senior 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 marketing roles at NASCAR and General Motors. At General Motors, Ms. Brink was the lead Chevrolet marketing executive responsible for 20 vehicle launches including the Chevy Volt. In addition to her C-Suite experience, Ms. Brink has held public board seats as an independent board director and member of the nominating and governance committees for Arctic Cat and as an independent board director of Vista Equity s DealerSocket. Ms. Brink earned her Masters in Business Administration and Bachelor of Science from Wayne State University and is a graduate of the Kellogg Executive Development Program at Northwestern University. Michael Bridge, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Mr. Bridge has served as the Company s General Counsel and Secretary since March 2023. Mr. Bridge brings over three decades of legal and C-suite expertise to ElectraMeccanica. Most recently, he was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc. (NASDAQ: AXDX), an in vitro diagnostics company providing medical diagnostic devices to microbiology laboratories globally. Previously, Mr. Bridge held general counsel positions at various technology companies, including 14 years as general counsel for JDA Software Group, the leading enterprise software company focused on automating the global retail supply chain. Mr. Bridge began his career as a corporate and securities attorney for Piper Marbury (now known as DLA Piper). Mr. Bridge has a bachelor s degree from the University of Southern California and a J.D. from Cornell University. Steven Sanders, a Director and Non-Executive Chairman Mr. Sanders is the founding partner of Sanders Ortoli Vaughn-Flam Rosenstadt LLP, the predecessor of the New York based law firm of Ortoli Rosenstadt LLP. Mr. Sanders is currently Of Counsel to Ortoli Rosenstadt LLP. Mr. Sanders has more than 50 years of experience practicing international corporate law spanning North America, Europe and Asia. Mr. Sanders has a BBA from City College of New York, a Juris Doctorate from Cornell Law School and is a member of the American and New York bar associations. Mike Richardson, a Director and Non-Executive Vice-Chair Mr. Richardson brings four decades of global automotive experience, operating in OEMs and Tier 1 system suppliers. He worked regionally in Europe and Asia for eight years, overseeing a comprehensive restructuring of both product portfolio and manufacturing footprint. He retired from Nexteer Automotive as President and Executive Board Director in 2019. Mr Richardson continues to serve on the boards of Dura Automotive and Shape Corporation. Mr. Richardson holds a bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering from Kettering University and a master s degree in business administration from Central Michigan University. He also holds a Master Level Professional Board Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. He has been recognized as a Professional Engineer, Certified Quality Engineer and unlimited-rating Stationary Power Engineer. Mr. Richardson has authored numerous intellectual properties impacting both product and process. He is a Boss Kettering Innovation Award recipient, GM Presidents Award winner and Delphi Inventors Hall of Fame inductee. Jerry Kroll, Co-Founder and a Director Mr. Kroll has 20 years of experience as an investor and in leadership serving in executive management roles at tech companies. Mr. Kroll has always had a passion for motor sports and is a licensed race car driver. Mr. Kroll founded Kleen Speed Technologies developing advanced electric race cars at the NASA Research Park in California. Mr. Kroll s passion for motor sports combined with clean technologies led him to partner with Henry Reisner of Intermeccanica in the design and production of electric cars. Mr. Kroll s experience in innovative technology start-ups coupled with his knowledge of clean technology allows him to effectively co-ordinate, manage and execute strategies for ElectraMeccanica. Luisa Ingargiola, a Director Ms. Ingargiola has a diverse experience in capital markets with public companies. Ms. Ingargiola is currently the Chief Financial Officer of Avalon GloboCare, a leading biotech health care company that is developing cell based therapeutic and diagnostic technologies for cancer and other diseases. Ms. Ingargiola also serves as a director and audit chair of several public companies including Dragonfly Energy and Vision Marine. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Ms. Ingargiola is a graduate of the University of Boston with a Bachelor of Science in Finance. Ms. Ingargiola also has a Master of Health Administration, University of South Florida. Joanne Yan, a Director Ms. Yan comes to the Company with over 25 years of experience in cross-border investment and M A operations in North America and South East Asia. Ms. Yan has an extensive network in the investor, manufacturing and supply chain communities in these regions. Ms. Yan has advised, directed, and managed publicly listed companies in North America, Europe, and South East Asia on market access, strategic planning, governance and compliance matters. Dave Shemmans, a Director Mr. Shemmans brings to ElectraMeccanica a broad range of experience in the transportation industry with direct involvement developing global businesses around innovation and technologies, primarily focused on electrification and decarbonization. Mr. Shemmans previously co-founded Wavedriver, an electric vehicle powertrain company, which he led through two funding rounds from patented concept to production, delivering electric and hybrid vehicle demonstrators into Brazil, Australia, Italy, and the UK. In addition, Mr. Shemmans was CEO of Ricardo plc a UK listed engineering consulting business for 16 years stepping down in September 2021 and is currently Chairman for Sutton and East Surrey Water, a major U.K.-regulated water utility company serving customers in parts of Surrey, Kent, and South London. Mr. Shemmans holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from the University of Manchester Institute for Science and Technology and an Executive Certification from Harvard Business School. Bill Quigley, a Director Mr. Quigley brings to ElectraMeccanica more than 30 year of automotive experience in financial and operational roles with a number of global tier one automotive suppliers. He most recently served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nexteer Automotive Group Limited and previously held positions as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Dana Holding Corporation and Visteon Corporation. Mr. Quigley serves as a member of the board of directors and chair of the audit committee at Cadre Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: CDRE) and as a member of the board of directors of Workhorse Group Inc. (NASDAQ: WKHS). Mr. Quigley holds a B.A. in Accounting from Michigan State University and is a Certified Public Accountant in the state of Michigan. Dietmar Ostermann, a Director Mr. Ostermann brings 33 years of automotive consulting experience to ElectraMeccanica. Mr. Ostermann consulted to many of the top OEMs, including GM, Ford, Stellantis, Rivian, BMW, Mercedes, VW, Nissan and Hyundai as well as many auto suppliers on topics of business strategy, product development and operations improvement. Mr. Ostermann served as PWC s Global and US Auto Advisory Leader based in Detroit, MI for 11 years. Prior to PwC, he lead the global auto practice of management consulting firm PRTM in Boston. Prior to that he spent 17 years at top management consulting firm A.T. Kearney in the US and Germany, which he also led as their CEO for 3 years. Mr. Ostermann serves as an independent director for auto suppliers Shape Corp and North American Stamping Group. Term of Office Each director of our Company is to serve for a term of one year ending on the date of the subsequent annual meeting of stockholders following the annual meeting at which such director was elected. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each director is to serve until his successor is elected and qualified or until his death, resignation or removal. Our Board of Directors appoints our officers and each officer is to serve until his successor is appointed and qualified or until his or her death, resignation or removal. Significant Employees There are no significant employees other than our executive officers. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Family Relationships There are currently no family relationships between any of the members of our Board of Directors or our executive officers. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings During the past ten years, none of our directors or executive officers have been the subject of the following events: 1. a petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 2. convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 3. the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: (a) acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; (b) engaging in any type of business practice; or (c) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 
 4. the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph 3.i in the preceding paragraph or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 5. was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 6. was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 7. was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 
 8. was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and officers, and the persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Copies of all filed reports are required to be furnished to us pursuant to Rule 16a-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Because we were a foreign private issuer as such term is defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our securities were exempt from section 16 of the Exchange Act. We became disqualified from using the forms and rules designated for foreign private issuers beginning on January 1, 2023. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics On April 16, 2020, our Board of Directors adopted a new Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which complies with the definition of a code of ethics set out in Section 406(c) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and any regulations promulgated thereunder by the SEC, and also provides for an enforcement mechanism as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5610. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and all other employees of the Company and the Board of Directors is responsible for monitoring compliance with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. A copy of the complete text of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s Form 6-K filed with the SEC on EDGAR on April 27, 2020, which Form 6-K was also filed on SEDAR on the same date as a material document , and a copy can also be viewed on the Company s website at https://ir.ElectraMeccanicaauto.com/governance/governance-documents. Board of Directors Role of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors of the Company (or the Board of Directors is responsible for the stewardship of the Company. The Board of Directors provides oversight to the management of the business and affairs of the Company, with a goal of enhancing long-term shareholder value. Specifically, the Board of Directors is charged with responsibility for: to the extent feasible, satisfying itself as to the integrity of the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers and that the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers create a culture of integrity throughout the Company; adopting a strategic planning process and approving, on at least an annual basis, a strategic plan which takes into account, among other things, the opportunities and risks of the business; the identification of the principal risks of the Company s business, and ensuring the implementation of appropriate systems to manage these risks; succession planning (including appointing, training and monitoring senior management); adopting a communication policy for the Company; the Company s internal control and management information systems; and developing the Company s approach to corporate governance, including developing a set of corporate governance principles and guidelines that are specifically applicable to the Company. 

 73 

Table of Contents 
 Board Structure The Board of Directors currently consists of eight independent members and the CEO of the Company, as appointed by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors also has one Chairperson and one Vice-Chairperson. All but one member of the Board of Directors is also a committee member for the Board of Directors five committees. The Board of Directors members are representative of 33 female (3 of 9) and 67 male (6 of 9). One member of the Board of Directors is representative of a visible minority. Meetings of the Board of Directors and Director Attendance During the year ended December 31, 2022, each member of the Board of Directors attended at least 75 of the aggregate of all meetings of the Board of Directors during the period for which he or she served as a Board member. All Board of Directors members also attended at least 75 of all committee meetings on which he or she served during the periods for which he or she served on the committee for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company does not have a written policy requiring directors to attend the annual shareholder meeting, but attendance is encouraged. Last year three of the directors attended our 2022 annual meeting of shareholders. Executive Sessions of the Board of Directors Nasdaq Rule 5605(b)(2) requires that the independent board members of a company have executive sessions which are regularly scheduled and at which only independent directors are present. The Company has previously followed this Nasdaq Rule and intends to do so in the future. In addition, the Company is subject to certain disclosure requirements prescribed in Canadian National Instrument 58-101 and Form 58-101F1 - Corporate Governance Disclosure . In particular, the Company must disclose whether the independent directors hold executive sessions and, if such executive sessions are held, how many of these meetings have been held since the beginning of the Company s most recently completed financial year. If the Company does not hold executive sessions, the Company must describe what the Board of Directors does to facilitate open and candid discussion among its independent directors. Director Independence Our Board of Directors has determined that the following directors are independent under the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market, as such directors do not have a direct or indirect material relationship with our Company that in the opinion of our Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of the director: Steven Sanders; Michael Richardson; Luisa Ingargiola; Joanne Yan; Dave Shemmans; Jerry Kroll; Bill Quigley; and Dietmar Ostermann. 

 74 

Table of Contents 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 

Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Corporate Disclosure Committee Finance Committee Steven Sanders Chairperson of the Board Member Chair Chair Mike Richardson Member Member Member Jerry Kroll Luisa Ingargiola Chair Member Member Member Bill Quigley Member Member Member Member Joanne Yan Member Member Dave Shemmans Member Chair Member Chair Dietmar Osterman Member Member Audit Committee Our Audit Committee consists of Luisa Ingargiola (Chair), Steven Sanders, Dave Shemmans, Bill Quigley and Dietmar Ostermann. Each member of the Audit Committee satisfies the independence requirements of Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq and meets the independence standards under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Our Audit Committee consists solely of independent directors that satisfy the Nasdaq and SEC requirements. Our Board of Directors believes that Luisa Ingargiola qualifies as an audit committee financial expert pursuant to Items 16A(b) and (c) of Form 20-F. The Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our Company. The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things: selecting our independent registered public accounting firm and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; reviewing with our independent registered public accounting firm any audit problems or difficulties and management s response and approving all proposed related party transactions, as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K; discussing the annual audited financial statements with management and our independent registered public accounting firm; annually reviewing and reassessing the adequacy of our Audit Committee Charter; meeting separately and periodically with the management and our internal auditor and our independent registered public accounting firm; reporting regularly to the full Board of Directors; reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our accounting and internal control policies and procedures and any steps taken to monitor and control major financial risk exposure; and such other matters that are specifically delegated to our Audit Committee by our Board of Directors from time to time. 
 The Audit Committee is governed by a new Charter which was recently updated and approved by our Board of Directors, a copy of which is attached to this Annual Report as Exhibit 99.2. Compensation Committee On April 16, 2020, our Board of Directors adopted a new Compensation Committee Charter which complies with the requirements of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(d)(1) and the Board of Directors has established a Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee is comprised of Dave Shemmans (Chair), Mike Richardson, Luisa Ingargiola, Joanne Yan and Dietmar Ostermann. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 The Compensation Committee determines compensation for the directors and officers of the Company, as well as the procedures for this determination, as are described under Overview of Executive Compensation Program herein. Our Compensation Committee also reviews any red flags or issues that may arise out of the Compensation Committee compensation and award recommendations and report them to the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee and the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, at times, may be collaborative but will not coordinate as the process is intended to be a checks and balance approach. It is set up as an internal control mechanism that would safeguard against fraud and errors due to omission. Each of the Compensation Committee members satisfies the independence requirements of Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Listing Rules of Nasdaq. Our Compensation Committee will assist the Board of Directors in reviewing and approving the compensation structure, including all forms of compensation, relating to our directors and executive officers. No officer may be present at any committee meeting during which such officer s compensation is deliberated upon. The Compensation Committee will be responsible for, among other things: reviewing and recommending to the Board of Directors for approval with respect to the total compensation package for our most senior executive officers; approving and overseeing the total compensation package for our executives other than the most senior executive officers; reviewing and recommending to the Board of Directors with respect to the compensation of our directors; reviewing periodically and approving any long-term incentive compensation or equity plans; selecting compensation consultants, legal counsel or other advisors after taking into consideration all factors relevant to that person s independence from management; and programs or similar arrangements, annual bonuses, employee pension and welfare benefit plans. 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the N CG Committee is currently comprised of Steven Sanders (Chair), Mike Richardson, Dave Shemmans and Dietmar Ostermann. The N CG Committee is responsible for corporate governance generally, reviewing the composition and size of the Board of Directors, evaluating the Board of Directors as a whole, identifying, considering and recommending candidates to fill new positions or vacancies on the Board of Directors, evaluating individual members of the Board of Directors, reviewing composition of each committee of the Board of Directors, recommending persons to be members of various committees and dealing with conflicts of interest. The N CG Committee is responsible for: making recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding an appropriate organization and structure for the Board of Directors; evaluating the size, composition, membership qualifications, scope of authority, responsibilities, reporting obligations and charters of each committee of the Board of Directors; periodically reviewing and assessing the adequacy of the Company s corporate governance principles as contained in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter and, should it deem it appropriate, it may develop and recommend to the Board of Directors for adoption of additional corporate governance principles; periodically reviewing the Company s Articles and Bylaws in light of existing corporate governance trends, and shall recommend any proposed changes for adoption by the Board of Directors or submission by the Board of Directors to the Company s shareholders; making recommendations on the structure and logistics of Board of Directors meetings and may recommend matters for consideration by the Board of Directors; considering, adopting and overseeing all processes for evaluating the performance of the Board of Directors, each committee and individual directors; and annually reviewing and assessing its own performance. Corporate Disclosure Committee Our Corporate Disclosure Committee consists of Steven Sanders (Chair), Mike Richardson, Luisa Ingargiola and Bill Quigley. The Corporate Disclosure Committee oversees the effectiveness of risk management policies, procedures and practices implemented by 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 management of the Company with respect to strategic, operational, environmental, health and safety, human resources, legal and compliance and other risks faced by the Company. The Corporate Disclosure Committee: reviews executive management s assessment of our material risk exposures and our actions to identify, monitor and mitigate such exposures; reviews executive management s implementation of systems and controls designed to promote compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements; reports to the Board of Directors on an annual basis with respect to the committee s review of our material risks and measures in place to mitigate them, and at least annually in respect of the committee s other activities; provides compliant Regulation FD strategic leadership for social media through the alignment of social media strategies and activities with enterprise strategic objectives and processes; establishes and maintains corporate policies with respect to use of social media for both process-driven social engagements, as well as for use of social media by employees for participating in social conversations (e.g., blogging and Tweeting by subject matter experts); prioritizes social media initiatives and deliver final approvals and recommendations on proceeding with proposed social media projects, including process, technology and organizational projects; and ensures open communication between the social media department and our other functional units so as to promote collaborative strategies, planning, and implementation. 
 Finance Committee On October 19, 2021, our Board of Directors adopted a Finance Committee Charter for the Company. The primary purpose of the Finance Committee is to ensure that the Corporation has a capital structure, including financing strategy and financial policies, that is efficiently optimized to maximize returns to shareholders at an acceptable risk threshold. The Finance Committee is comprised of Dave Shemmans (Chair), Luisa Ingargiola, Joanne Yan, and Bill Quigley. The capitalization of the Company should not unduly burden the enterprise with excessive financial leverage that could impair long-term viability and operating flexibility. Further, the Finance Committee should ensure that the Board of Directors and management engage in rigorous discipline around the deployment of cash, with the central goal of maximizing absolute shareholder value creation and long-term risk-adjusted return on invested capital. The Finance Committee is not responsible for financial reporting, which is the responsibility of the Audit Committee of the Board. A copy of the Finance Committee Charter is attached to this Annual Report as Exhibit 99.6. Director Nominating Process The N CG reviews recommendations for directorships from Board members, executive management, advisors or others identified by executive search firms or agencies. Once a candidate is received, the N CG Committee will begin a thorough review of candidate s qualifications which includes multiple interviews, a criminal background check, references, and other necessary checks. Once the candidate has successfully passed the review, the Committee will vote to decide if the candidate should proceed to the Board of Directors for a full vote. If successful, the individual will join the Board at the Annual General Meeting or a predetermined date. Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight The executive management team are responsible for managing the day-to-day risks facing the Company s daily operations. With that said, the Board of Directors (or the Board receives updates during Board meetings throughout the year from the Committee Chairs who report any potential risks the organization faces. For urgent matters, the Company s Chief Executive Officer will raise a potential risk to the Chairperson and Vice Chair of the Board for guidance. At that stage, the Chairperson decides to either update the entire Board or the necessary Committee Chair. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation Risk Assessment The Compensation Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to officer and director compensation, succession planning for senior managements, development and retention of senior management, and such other duties as directed by the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee Chair utilizes a third-party consultant to assess risk. Risk is managed within the Company s compensation plan design through the implementation of minimum key performance criteria when evaluating any Bonus payments. The bonus plan is set at a capped amount. The corporate performance criteria is balanced between financial, operational, strategic, environmental, social and governance areas, which on the whole provide a holistic set of strategic objectives important to contributing towards long-term shareholder value. Lastly, the Board of Directors maintains discretion to award no bonus, if judged appropriate, to protect the value of the organization and shareholders interests. Additionally, directors and officers are not authorized to purchase financial instruments (including prepaid variable contracts, equity swaps, collars, or units of exchange funds) that are designed to hedge or offset a decrease in market value of equity securities granted as compensation or held, directly or indirectly, by the director or officer. Director Stock Ownership Currently the Board of Directors does not require a minimum stock ownership from its members. Succession Planning There is currently no set succession plan for the Company due to the changes made within the executive team in 2022. Once our new Chief Executive Officer has finalized her new executive management team, the management team and the Compensation Committee will finalize a succession plan for the key positions within the organization. Resignation and Retirement In the event of a vacancy due to resignation or retirement on the Board of Directors, or if the N CG Committee becomes aware of a pending vacancy and the Board of Director determines that such vacancy shall be filled by the Board of Directors, the N CG Committee shall recommend to the Board of Directors a qualified individual for appointment to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors currently does not have a mandatory retirement age. Corporate Governance Website The Company maintains all governance documents related to the Board of Directors under the Investors folder and under the Governance tab on its website and can also be accessed through www.ir.emvauto.com. Independent Reporting Line The Company utilizes an independent third-party reporting line for employees to make anonymous incident reports. Any such incidents are sent by the third party to the Chair of the Audit Committee. Awareness of the independent reporting line is critical to an open and safe work environment. New employees are trained during the new hire orientation, the annual employee handbook has a section on the independent reporting line, a link to the independent reporting line portal is posted on the Company s human resources information system and, as well, posters are available in employee common areas at Company offices. For 2022, the Company received zero inquires on its third-party reporting line. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Philosophy The Company s compensation philosophy for 2022 was a performance-based compensation design to align named executive compensation with shareholder interests. We believe that to be successful we must hire and retain talented leadership. We recognize that there is significant competition for qualified executives within the global automotive sector with a focus on building electric motor 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 vehicles. It can be particularly challenging for companies to recruit executive officers of the caliber necessary to achieve our short-term and long-term objectives. Accordingly, our executive compensation programs are intended to attract and retain this leadership team in a highly competitive talent market and to motivate them to achieve our business objectives. We believe that the changes made to our leadership team provides us with the skill set necessary to support our near-term objectives and create long-term value for our stockholders, grow our business and assist in the achievement of our strategic goals. Our NEO compensation program provides a total compensation package, composed of a mix of cash and equity compensation, that we believe is appropriate to attract and retain our leadership team. The Compensation Committee is responsible for ensuring the named executive base salaries and short-term incentives are market competitive and that executive compensation fits within peer group and market compensation data ranges. Governance Practices 

Compensation Committee Involvement in Decision-making process 
 
 Comprised solely of independent directors. 

Establishes compensation requirements. 

Determines, reviews, approves, and oversees named executive compensation. 

The charter for the Compensation Committee is available on our investor relations website. 

Independent Compensation Consultant Involvement in Decision-making process 
 
 Reviews the recommendations of management and the Compensation Committee to ensure that the recommendations. 

Assists the Compensation Committee in the design of the executive compensation ranges, variable incentive plans and the determination of the overall compensation mix. 

Provides analysis and crafts recommendations for the Compensation Committee in setting the executive officers compensation. 

The Compensation Committee retains the sole discretion 

CEO Involvement in Decision-making process 
 
 Creates and presents recommendations to the Compensation Committee for the executive officers and provides her own insights. Does not participate in the Compensation Committees review, discussion or determination of her own salary. 

Human Resources HR Involvement in Decision-making process 
 
 HR acts as the liaison between the Compensation Chair, CEO and the independent compensation consultant in preparing the required materials, resources, information, and insight into the compensation materials for the executive. For the CEO s compensation, the Chair, independent compensation consultant and HR work together and the CEO is not involved. 

Role of Independent Compensation Consultant The Compensation Committee utilizes an independent compensation consultant to research, design and recommend compensation ranges for the executive team. During 2022, the Committee engaged Global Governance Advisors GGA as its independent compensation consultant. GGA assisted the Compensation Committee in developing a compensation peer group to use as a reference when making compensation decisions. GGA also conducted a review of the compensation of our executive officers, as well as support on other ad hoc matters throughout the year. In fiscal 2022, the Compensation Committee assessed the independence of GGA and determined that no conflict existed that would prevent GGA from independently representing the Compensation Committee. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Peer Group for 2022 Compensation Benchmarking The below table is a summary of the PEER group used by GGA to provide benchmark data to the Compensation Committee to determine the appropriate compensation ranges. The Peer Group was recommended and approved to the Compensation Committee in Q4 2021 by the then CEO and were used for the 2022 executive compensation determination. 2022 Peer Group 

Electric Vehicle Peers Acrimoto Inc. Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. Nikola Corp. AYRO Inc. Fisker Inc. Rivian Automotive Inc. Bird Global Inc. Lordstown Motors Corp. Workhorse Group Inc. Canoo Inc. Lucid Group. Electric Vehicle Utilities Peers Blink Charing Co. ChargePoint Holdings Inc. Romeo Power Inc. Automotive Parts Peers Horizon Global Corp. PowerFleet Inc. Sypris Solutions Inc. Hyliion Holdings Corp. Standard Motor Products Inc. XL Fleet Corp. Motorcar Parts of America Inc. Strattec Security Corp. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Executive Compensation Overview The below summary tables outline the key components of the named executive officer NEO compensation packages in 2022. 

Compensation Component Summary Reason for component How is this determined? Base Salary Cash based compensation determined annually during Q1. Providing market competitive base salary to attract and retain qualified executive talent to the Company. By the executive s performance, professional qualifications, and market conditions. Short-term Incentive Cash based incentive. Variable based on a performance. Incentivizing the performance to achieve strategic objectives. Measured against a scorecard but high degree of discretion for the Compensation Committee. Healthcare, Retirement and Other Benefits Executives are eligible to participate in the same programs as employees for healthcare insurance, stock options, paid time-off, life insurance and other related programs. These plans are a part of our employee benefits programs which are designed for supporting the well-being of our employees health. The executives are eligible to participate in the standard employee benefits offered within the Country they work. Executive Benefits Participation in the Director Officer insurance. As well, certain Executives receive a monthly stipend for rent in Arizona to support their local presence. Having executives located together provides a more productive workplace for quicker decisions. By local rent rates for reasonably furnished apartments. Base Salary Base salaries are designed to provide a stable source of income for our named executive officers. In general, base salaries are established to be market competitive to attract and retain qualified executives. Base salaries are reviewed regularly considering several factors including the executive s experience, responsibilities, and Peer Group compensation. The base salaries of our named executive officers during fiscal 2022 were as follows: 

Fiscal 2022 Base Named Executive Officer Salary USD) Susan Docherty Chief Executive Officer 650,000 Mark Orsmond Chief Financial Officer 375,000 Kim Brink Chief Revenue Officer 340,000 Tony Dent (1) General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 295,000 Note: (1) Mr. Dent was appointed General Counsel on August 15, 2022 and then appointed Corporate Secretary on September 22, 2022. Mr. Dent resigned from all positions with the Company on February 3, 2023. 
 Short-term Incentive Starting in 2022 with the adoption of a formulaic scorecard, our annual cash bonus opportunities are designed to incentivize our named executive officers to achieve the required performance of key annual objectives. Each of our named executive officers (or NEO has a target bonus expresses as a percentage of the officer s base salary. Several factors were considered in developing the target bonus opportunities, including the executive s responsibilities, base salary, our projected corporate performance, growth, and Peer Group compensation. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 The target bonus opportunities for our named executive officers during fiscal 2022 were as follows: 

Fiscal 2022 Target Bonus Named Executive Officer of Salary) Susan Docherty (1) Chief Executive Officer 100 Mark Orsmond Chief Financial Officer 50 Kim Brink Chief Revenue Officer 73 Tony Dent (2) General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 35 Kevin Pavlov (3) Former Chief Executive Officer 100 Notes: (1) Ms. Docherty was not eligible for a 2022 bonus since her employment started on December 5, 2022. (2) Mr. Dent was appointed General Counsel on August 15, 2022 and then appointed Corporate Secretary on September 22, 2022. Mr. Dent resigned from all positions with the Company on February 3, 2023. (3) Mr. Pavlov resigned from all positions with the Company on December 5, 2022. Due to Mr. Pavlov s resignation, Mr. Pavlov was not eligible for a 2022 bonus. 

 82 

Table of Contents 
 Process for Setting Executive Compensation The below chart outlines the process and timeline of the Compensation Committee s process for determining NEO compensation. For the below chart we will demonstrate the exercise for setting the 2022 compensation. 

Process for Setting Executive Compensation Timeline Task Desired Outcome Individuals Involved End of Q3 2021 Commence annual kick-off compensation review by discussing potential Peer Benchmarking Group Provide clear direction to Independent Compensation Consultant on the type of Peer Companies to use for Benchmarking Compensation Chair CEO HR Independent Compensation Consultant Start of Q4 2021 Review proposed Peer Benchmarking Group Finalize proposed list of Peer Benchmarking Group Compensation Chair CEO HR Independent Compensation Consultant Q4 2021 Compensation Meeting Approve proposed Peer Benchmarking Group Discuss, review, and approve the proposed Peer Benchmarking Group Compensation Committee Legal (conducting meeting minutes) HR Independent Compensation Consultant (for presentation and walk through of information for the Committee) Q4 2021 Board Meeting Approve proposed Peer Benchmarking Group Review and approve compensation committee recommendation. Board of Directors Legal (conducting meeting minutes) Q1 2022 Receive proposed compensation ranges from Peer Benchmarking Group Independent Compensation Consultant delivers a proposed compensation report for NEO compensation. Compensation Chair CEO HR Independent Compensation Consultant Q1 2022 Compensation Committee Approve proposed compensation ranges Discuss, review, and approve the proposed Peer Benchmarking Group compensation ranges and recommendations for NEO compensation. Compensation Committee Legal (conducting meeting minutes) HR Independent Compensation Consultant (for presentation and walk through of information for the Committee) Q1 2022 Board Meeting Approve proposed 2022 NEO Compensation Review and approve compensation committee recommendation. Board of Directors Legal (conducting meeting minutes) Factors Considered in Making Compensation Decisions The Company utilizes data from the Peer Benchmarking Group which are developed and based on companies that meet the following criteria: Companies of a similar size to ElectraMeccanica (0.25x to 4x), primarily from a Total Revenue perspective, but also considering other factors such as Market Capitalization; Companies within the same industry segment as ElectraMeccanica or companies that rely on R D and engineering innovative and integrated hardware and software products; Companies with a similar business strategy and scope of operations to ElectraMeccanica; and Publicly traded companies on major North American exchanges, with an emphasis of being traded on the major U.S. exchanges. 

 83 

Table of Contents 
 The approach used in selecting appropriate peer groups ensures that executives are being benchmarked against positions that require similar skill sets and experience within the key sectors that employ the talent required to lead the Company. ElectraMeccanica considers the peer group s compensation, size, structure, operational scope and geography when arriving at the appropriate employee compensation levels and structure. Governance Oversight of Compensation Program The Compensation Committee is responsible for the oversight and governance of the executive compensation program, including: Total Compensation Strategy; Periodic approval of the overall Compensation Strategy; Compensation Plans; Reviewing and approving plan metrics, targets, performance results and final awards annually; and Competitive Compensation Review. 
 With the assistance of an external advisor, assessing the competitiveness of the executive compensation program annually, including a periodic pay-for-performance analysis. External Disclosure Reviewing and approving annual disclosure (Management Information Circular) related to executive compensation. Compensation Risk Assessing the plan design to identify and mitigate any risk associated with ElectraMeccanica s compensation policies and practices that could incentivize an executive or other employee to take inappropriate or excessive risk that could otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Committee is also involved in the recommendation and approval process of the following: total compensation matters related to equity compensation plan designs are reviewed by the Committee and recommended to shareholders for approval; total compensation matters related to the executive team, including compensation awards and payments, are reviewed, and approved by the Committee. (The Board approves Total Compensation for the CEO); and total compensation matters related to all other employees of the organization are reviewed by the CEO and recommended to the Committee for approval (on an aggregate basis). 
 Stock Ownership Guidelines and Prohibition Against Hedging and Pledging The objective of our Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy is therefore to prohibit those subjects to it from (i) directly or indirectly engaging in hedging against future declines in the market value of any securities of the Corporation (including through the purchase of financial instruments designed to offset such risk) and (ii) pledging Corporation securities as collateral for a loan (whether in a margin account or otherwise). 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Anti-Hedging Unless otherwise previously approved by the N CG Committee of the Board of Directors, no director, officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries or, to the extent practicable, any other person (or their associates) in a special relationship (within the meaning of applicable securities laws) with the Company, may, at any time, purchase financial instruments, including prepaid variable forward contracts, instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options, equity swaps, collars, or units of exchangeable funds that are based on fluctuations of the Company s debt or equity instruments and that are designed to or that may reasonably be expected to have the effect of hedging or offsetting a decrease in the market value of any securities of the Company. Anti-Pledging Unless otherwise previously approved by the N CG Committee, no director, officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries or, to the extent practicable, any other person (or their associates) in a special relationship (within the meaning of applicable securities laws) with the Company, may, at any time, purchase Company securities on a margin or otherwise pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan. Any violation of these policies will be regarded as a serious offence. Anyone violating this policy will be subject to disciplinary action which may include, but is not limited to, termination of employment and/or restrictions on future participation in the Company s incentive equity plans. Pay Versus Performance Disclosure This disclosure has been prepared in accordance with the SEC s pay versus performance rules in Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act Item 402(v) and does not necessarily reflect value actually realized by the NEOs or how the Compensation Committee evaluates compensation decisions in light of Company or individual performance. The following tables and related disclosures provide information about (i) the total compensation SCT Total of our principal executive officer PEO ), our former PEOs, and our non-PEO Named Executive Officers (collectively, the Other NEOs as presented in the Summary Compensation Table, (ii) the compensation actually paid CAP to our PEO, former PEOs and our Other NEOs, as calculated pursuant to Item 402(v), (iii) certain financial performance measures, and (iv) the relationship of the CAP to those financial performance measures. 

Average Summary Value of Initial Fixed 100 Compensation Average Investment Based on: Summary Summary Table Total for Compensation Peer Group Compensation Compensation Compensation Compensation Non-PEO Named Actually Paid to Total Total Net Table Total for Table Total for Actually Paid to Actually Paid to Executive Non-PEO Named Shareholde Shareholde Income Revenue Year (a) PEO (b) Former PEO (c) PEO (d) Former PEO (d) Officers (f) Executive Officers (g) Return (h) Return (i) 000s) (j) 000s) (k) 2022 4,786,993 1,058,419 3,489,789 3,605,480 764,311 237,912 28 117 116,180 6,812 2021 5,434,223 2,195,816 3,794,986 2,222,984 661,653 339,016 106 174 38,778 2,101 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Adjustments to Calculate Compensation Actually Paid to PEOs (Column (d)), Former PEOs (Column (e)) and Average Compensation Actually Paid to Other NEOs (Column (g)) 2022 2021 Adjustments PEO Former PEO Other NEOs PEO Former PEO Other NEOs SCT Total 4,786,993 1,058,419 714,311 5,434,223 2,195,816 661,653 Adjustments for defined benefits pension plans (Deduct): Aggregate change in actuarial present value included in SCT Total for the covered fiscal year Add: Service cost for the covered fiscal year Add: Prior service cost for the covered fiscal year Adjustments for stock awards and option awards (Deduct): Aggregate value for stock awards and option awards included in SCT Total for the covered fiscal year (4,737,409) (496,056) (4,782,808) (249,501) Add: Fair value at year end of awards granted during the covered fiscal year that were outstanding and unvested at the covered fiscal year end 3,440,206 24,165 2,366,724 166,822 Add: (Deduct): Year-over-year change in fair value at covered fiscal year end of awards granted in any prior fiscal year that were outstanding and unvested at the covered fiscal year end (644,195) Add: Vesting date fair value of awards granted and vested during the covered fiscal year 114,211 776,847 Add (Deduct): Changes as of the vesting date (from the end of the prior fiscal year) in fair value of awards granted in any prior fiscal year for which vesting conditions were satisfied during the covered fiscal year (3,440,650) (57,097) (3,555,079) (273,794) (Deduct): Fair value at end of prior fiscal year of awards granted in any prior fiscal year that failed to meet the applicable vesting conditions during the covered fiscal year (1,223,249) (61,622) (863,722) Add: Dividends or other earnings paid on awards in the covered fiscal year prior to vesting if not otherwise included in the SCT Total for the covered fiscal year CAP Amounts (as calculated) 3,489,789 (3,605,480) 287,912 3,794,986 (2,222,984) (339,016) Total Shareholder Return (Column (h); Column (i)) The Company does not currently issue dividends. Peer Group Total Shareholder Return (Column (i)) The peer group used in this disclosure is the NASDAQ Composite Index. Net Income (Column (j)) Net Income as reported in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income included in our Form 10-K. Revenue (Column (k)) Revenue was determined to be the most important financial performance measure linking CAP to Company performance for 2022 and therefore was selected as the 2022 Company-Selected Measure as defined in Item 402(v).] 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Financial Performance Measures The following table lists the four financial performance measures that, in the Company s assessment, represent the most important performance measures used to link CAP for our Named Executive Officers to Company performance for 2022. 

 Revenue (Company-Selected Measure) Gross margin Cash Usage Vehicle Sales (units) Relationship Between Compensation Actually Paid and Performance The graphs below show the relationship of compensation actually paid to our PEO, Former PEOs and Other NEOs to (i) the Company s Net Income, (ii) the Company s Revenue, and (iii) TSR of both the Company and the NASDAQ Composite Index. CAP, as calculated in accordance with Item 402(v), reflects, among others, adjustments to the fair value of equity awards during the years presented. Factors impacting the fair value of equity awards include the price of our Common Stock at year end, as well as the projected and actual achievement of performance goals. These adjustments contributed significantly to the change in CAP reported for 2021. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Summary Compensation Table Our named executive officers (NEOs) for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 Fiscal 2022 and December 31, 2021 Fiscal 2021 consist of: (i) Susan Docherty, our current Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Operating Office; (ii) Mark Orsmond, our Chief Financial Officer; (iii) Kim Brink, our Chief Revenue Officer; (iv) Kevin Pavlov, our former Chief Executive Officer; (v) Bal Bhullar, our former Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer; (vi) Dean Anthony Dent, our former General Counsel and Corporate Secretary; (vii) Joseph Mitchell, our former Chief Operating Officer; (viii) Isaac Moss, our former Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary; and (ix) Henry Reisner, our former Executive Vice-President. The following Summary Compensation Table sets forth the compensation earned by or paid to our named executive officers for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 are as follows: Non-equity Non-qualified incentive deferred Stock Option plan compensation All other Salary Bonus awards awards compensation earnings compensation Total Name and Principal Position Year ) ) ) (1) ) (2) ) ) ) ) Susan Docherty (3) CEO and Interim Chief Operating Officer 2022 49,583 Nil 1,755,534 2,981,875 Nil Nil Nil 4,786,992 2021 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Mark Orsmond (4) CFO 2022 127,972 100,000 Nil 550,762 Nil Nil Nil 778,734 2021 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Kim Brink (5) CRO 2022 319,513 250,000 Nil 454,738 Nil Nil Nil 1,024,251 2021 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Kevin Pavlov (6) former CEO 2022 528,516 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 530,264 1,058,419 2021 246,415 405,000 787,502 3,995,306 Nil Nil Nil 5,434,223 Bal Bhullar (7) former CFO and Chief Compliance Officer 2022 482,148 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 398,567 880,716 2021 315,957 145,038 328,502 Nil Nil Nil 2,872 792,369 Dean Anthony Dent (8) former General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 2022 111,760 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 70,000 181,760 2021 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Joseph Mitchell (9) former Chief Operating Officer 2022 244,657 Nil Nil 482,668 Nil Nil 421,875 1,149,200 2021 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a Isaac Moss (10) former Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary 2022 252,944 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 559,894 812,838 2021 289,436 193,715 210,001 Nil Nil Nil Nil 693,152 Henry Reisner (11) former Executive Vice-President 2022 85,798 Nil Nil 210,001 Nil Nil Nil 436,881 522,679 2021 289,436 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 499,437 Michael Paul Rivera (12) former President and CEO 2022 n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 2021 269,209 216,080 Nil Nil Nil Nil 1,710,527 2,195,816 Notes: (1) For fiscal 2022 and 2021, these amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of RSUs and PRSUs. For fiscal 2022, the grant date fair value for each RSU granted to Ms. Docherty is 1.11 per shares based on the most recent closing price of our common shares as of the grant date of December 5, 2022. The grant date fair value of each PRSU is 1.11 per unit, which incorporates the potential to vest, depending on the performance of the stock price attaining a 30-day volume weighted average price per common share equal to or exceeding 5.00, 6.00 and 7.00. For fiscal 2021, the grant date of value for each RSU granted to Mr. Kevin Pavlov, Ms. Bal Bhullar, Mr. Isaac Moss and Mr. Henry Reisner is 3.41 per share based on the most recent closing pricing of our common shares as of the grant date of September 22, 2021. (2) Option-based awards represent the fair value of Options granted and awarded in the year under our Stock Incentive Plan. The fair value of Options granted is calculated as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following weighted average assumptions: 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Year ended December 31, Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Expected life of options 3.85-5 years 4-5 years Annualized volatility 61 -123.7 61 -62.29 Risk-free interest rate 1.75 -4.23 0.34 -1.4 Dividend rate 0 0 (3) Ms. Docherty was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and interim Chief Operating Officer of our Company on December 5, 2022 and then appointed a director on December 19, 2022 (4) Mr. Orsmond was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of our Company on August 22, 2022. (5) Ms. Brink was appointed as Chief Revenue Officer of our Company on January 24, 2022. (6) Mr. Pavlov was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of our Company on May 1, 2021 and then appointed the Chief Executive Officer and director of our Company on September 21, 2021. He was appointed President of our Company on January 27, 2022. Mr. Pavlov resigned from all positions with the Company on December 5, 2022. (7) Ms. Bhullar was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of our Company on November 19, 2018, and as a director of our Company on December 6, 2019. Ms. Bhullar resigned as Chief Financial Officer and a director and was appointed Chief Compliance Officer of our Company on August 22, 2022, and Ms. Bhullar resigned from her position with the Company on December 31, 2022. (8) Mr. Dent was appointed General Counsel on August 15, 2022 and then appointed Corporate Secretary on September 22, 2022. Mr. Dent resigned from all positions with the Company on February 3, 2023. (9) Mr. Mitchell was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of our Company on April 1, 2022 and resigned from the Company on November 22, 2022. (10) Mr. Moss was appointed Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary of our Company on May 15, 2018. Mr. Moss resigned from his positions with the Company on September 22, 2022. (11) Mr. Reisner was appointed as President and Chief Operating Officer of our Company on May 15, 2018 and then, on May 1, 2021, Mr. Reisner s position was changed to Executive Vice-President. Mr. Reisner retired from his positions with the Company on January 27, 2022. (12) Mr. Rivera was appointed CEO and a director of our Company on August 12, 2019. On September 22, 2021, Mr. Rivera resigned as CEO and a director of our Company. 
 During our most recently completed financial years, we did not pay any other executive compensation to our named executive officers. Executive Employment Agreements Current Executive Employment Agreements Susan Docherty On December 2, 2022, our Board of Directors approved the entering into of an executive employment agreement with each of the Company and Susan Docherty (the Docherty Agreement with effect on December 5, 2022 (the Effective Date ). Beginning on the Effective Date, Ms. Docherty will serve as the CEO of the Company and ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC (the Subsidiary ), reporting directly to the Company s Board of Directors. While serving as the CEO, Ms. Docherty will have control over, and responsibility for, the day-to-day operations of the Company and Subsidiary and shall have such other duties, authorities and responsibilities commensurate for such or a similar position at a similarly-situated company and such additional duties as may be assigned to Ms. Docherty by the Board of Directors from time to time. The initial term of the Docherty Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the three year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Term ). The Initial term will automatically extend on the same terms and conditions set forth below for additional one year periods (each, a Renewal Term ), unless either party gives the other party written notice of non-renewal at least 30 calendar days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term. Pursuant to the Docherty Agreement, Ms. Docherty will receive a base salary of 650,000 per year during the term of the Docherty Agreement to be paid according to the Company s normal payroll cycle. The base salary will be reviewed annually and may be adjusted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. According to the Docherty Agreement and subject to approval by the Compensation Committee and as soon as reasonably practicable upon execution of the Docherty Agreement and announcement by the Company of Ms. Docherty as its new CEO, the Company will 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 award three separate non-qualified stock options under the Stock Incentive Plan to purchase 3,750,000 common shares of the Company in the aggregate (collectively, the Sign-On Options ), with each such Sign-On Option having an exercise price equating to the closing price for the Company s stock as reported on Nasdaq on the day prior to the grant date (the Exercise Price ), and with each such Sign-On Option having a maximum exercise term of seven years from the grant date (the Exercise Term and, subject to the following, vesting in three equal annual installments from the grant date (the Vesting ). The first Sign-On Option shall cover 2,000,000 common shares of the Company underlying the Sign-On Options and be exercisable at the Exercise Price during the Exercise Term and be subject only to the Vesting. The second Sign-On Option shall cover 1,000,000 common shares of the Company underlying the Sign-On Options and be exercisable at the Exercise Price during the Exercise Term and, subject to the Vesting, shall not be exercisable until such time as the Company s 30-day volume average trading price on Nasdaq is 2.50 or greater. The third Sign-On Option shall cover 750,000 common shares of the Company underlying the Sign-On Options and be exercisable at the Exercise Price during the Exercise Term and, subject to the Vesting, shall not be exercisable until such time as the Company s 30-day volume average trading price on Nasdaq is 5.00 or greater. The Sign-On Options will be subject to such other terms and conditions specified by the Compensation Committee, the Stock Incentive Plan, the award agreements, and the Company s insider trading policy. Subject to approval by the Compensation Committee, within 30 days of the Effective Date, the Company will award restricted stock units under the Stock Incentive Plan covering 1,000,000 common shares of the Company (the Sign-On RSUs ). The Sign-On RSUs will vest in three equal annual installments from the date of grant. The Sign-On RSUs will be subject to such other terms and conditions specified by the Compensation Committee, the Stock Incentive Plan, the award agreement, and the Company s insider trading policy. Subject to approval by the Compensation Committee, within 30 days of the Effective Date, the Company will award performance stock units under the Stock Incentive Plan covering 875,000 common shares of the Company (the Sign-On PRSUs ). The Sign-On PRSUs will vest as follows: (i) 437,500 will vest on the first date on which the average of the volume weighted average price per common share of the Company during any 30 day consecutive trading days 30-Day VWAP equals or exceeds 5.00; (ii) 218,750 will vest on the first day on which the 30-Day VWAP of the common shares of the Company equals or exceeds 6.00; and (iii) the final 218,750 will vest on the first day on which the Company s 30-Day VWAP equals or exceeds 7.00. In this respect the parties hereby acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with the Stock Incentive Plan and the award agreement for the Sign-On PRSUs, upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, other than for Cause, all then unvested Sign-On -PRSUs shall be entitled to continue to vest for a further period of one year from the date of termination. For expenses incurred for up to 12 months following the Effective Date, the Company will reimburse Ms. Docherty for reasonable and customary temporary housing costs in the Mesa/Phoenix metropolitan area not to exceed 3,500 per month. To obtain reimbursement Ms. Docherty must submit her expenses promptly, in accordance with Company policy, with appropriate supporting documentation, and such expenses will be reimbursed no later than the last day of the tax year following the tax year in which the expense was incurred. Beginning January 1, 2023, and for each full calendar year during the term thereafter, Ms. Docherty will be eligible to participate in an annual cash incentive program adopted in writing and approved by the Compensation Committee (the STIP ). Ms. Docherty s target incentive under the STIP will equal 100 of her base salary and in no event will the STIP payment exceed 200 of her base salary. Any STIP payment and the amount of same will be based on the attainment of written quantitative and qualitative performance goals, including financial performance goals, established by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion and in advance. In order to be eligible to receive the STIP, Ms. Docherty must be actively employed by the Company through the date the STIP is paid in order to earn and be eligible to receive the STIP. Beginning January 1, 2024, and for each full calendar year during the term thereafter, Ms. Docherty will be eligible to receive grants of stock options, performance shares and other awards under the Stock Incentive Plan (the Annual Equity Awards ). The amount of Annual Equity Awards, the mix of Annual Equity Awards, the vesting schedule and the other terms and conditions of the Annual Equity Awards will be established by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion. The Annual Equity Awards will be subject to such other terms and conditions specified by the Compensation Committee, the Stock Incentive Plan, the award agreement, and the Company s insider trading policy. Pursuant to the Docherty Agreement, Ms. Docherty will be eligible to participate in the Company s standard company benefit and vacation plans, as such plans may be amended, modified, or terminated by the Company from time to time, with or without notice, in accordance with the applicable benefit and vacation plan documents. The Docherty Agreement may be terminated by the Board of Directors at any time during the term for any reason upon at least 30 calendar days prior written notice; provided that, the Board of Directors may terminate Ms. Docherty s employment immediately for 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 cause. Upon termination by the Company for any reason, the Company will pay Ms. Docherty her accrued but unpaid base salary through her date of termination and any accrued but unpaid reasonable business expenses through her date of termination (the Accured Obligations ). If Ms. Docherty resigns from her employment with the Company for any reason, she will be deemed to immediately resign from all officerships, directorships, managerships and other positions she holds with the Company, Subsidiary and their affiliates, and will only be entitled to the Accured Obligations. The Docherty Agreement will terminate immediately upon Ms. Docherty s death or disability. In the event Ms. Docherty s full-time employment is terminated by the Board of Directors without cause or by Ms. Docherty for Good Reason (as defined in Exhibit A to the Docherty Agreement) prior to a Change of Control (as defined in Exhibit A to the Docherty Agreement) during the term, then, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to Ms. Docherty s timely execution (and non-revocation) of the release required by the Docherty Agreement, Ms. Docherty will be entitled to receive a cash severance payment equal to the sum of: (i) 24 months of her then base salary plus one month of her then base salary for every completed year of service (to a maximum of 30 months); (ii) 18 times the monthly amount that is charged to COBRA qualified beneficiaries for the same medical coverage options elected by her immediately prior to her last day of employment; and (iii) the greater of (a) her average STIP paid in the two prior years and (b) 80 of the target annual STIP for the current fiscal year (collectively, the Base Severance Amount ). The Base Severance Amount will be paid to Ms. Docherty in installments over a 12-month period, in accordance with the Company s normal payroll cycle, with the first installment paid during the first payroll period following the expiration of the release revocation period described below. In addition to the Base Severance Amount, Ms. Docherty will be entitled to receive a pro-rata STIP for the year in which her termination occurred, with such pro-rata STIP paid at the same time described above. In addition, Ms. Docherty will be eligible to exercise any vested Sign-On Options or other stock options granted to her by the Company which may have vested as at the date of termination by the Board of Directors without cause or by Ms. Docherty for Good Reason prior to a Change of Control of for a period of one year from such termination date. Upon the closing of a transaction during the term that results in a Change of Control, and notwithstanding anything in the Stock Incentive Plan to the contrary, Ms. Docherty s Sign-On Options and any other stock options awarded to her shall fully vest and become exercisable for a period of one year from the date of her termination, and her then Sign-On RSUs and any other restricted stock units awarded to her shall immediately vest. In the event Ms. Docherty s full-time employment is terminated by the Board of Directors without cause or by Ms. Docherty with Good Reason during the 12 month period following a Change of Control during the term, then, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to Ms. Docherty s timely execution (and non-revocation) of the release required by the Docherty Agreement, Ms. Docherty will be entitled to receive a cash severance payment equal to the sum of: (i) 18 months of her then base salary; and (ii) 18 times the monthly amount that is charged to COBRA qualified beneficiaries for the same medical coverage options elected by Ms. Docherty immediately prior to her last day of employment (collectively, the Enhanced Severance Amount ). The Enhanced Severance Amount will be paid to Ms. Docherty in installments over a 18-month period, in accordance with the Company s normal payroll cycle, with the first installment paid during the first payroll period following the expiration of 60 days from Ms. Docherty s last day of employment. The Docherty Agreement contains typical restrictive covenants with respect to non-disparagement, non-solicitation of customers and employees and non-competition for a period of 12 months after cessation of employment. Mark Orsmond On August 22, 2022, our Board of Directors approved the entering into of an executive employment services agreement with each of the Company and Mark Orsmond (the Orsmond Agreement with effect on August 22, 2022 (the Effective Date ). The Orsmond Agreement commenced as of its Effective Date and will continue for a period of two years unless terminated in accordance with its terms. The Orsmond Agreement shall renew automatically on one-month to one-month basis if not specifically terminated by the Company notifying Mr. Orsmond in writing at least 30 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Orsmond Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Orsmond Agreement, Mr. Orsmond will be employed as our Chief Financial Officer and will: (a) devote reasonable efforts and attentions to the business and affairs of the Company; (b) perform the Services (as defined in the Orsmond Agreement) in a competent and efficient manner and in manner consistent with his obligations to the Company and in compliance with all the Company policies; and (c) promote the interests and goodwill of the Company. Mr. Orsmond will not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in North America, either individually or in partnership, jointly or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, syndicate, 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 company, whether as agent, shareholder, employee, consultant, or in any manner whatsoever, engage in any business the same or similar to or in competition with that of the Company s Business (as defined therein). However, Mr. Orsmond may hold or have a beneficial interest in up to 1 of any class of securities in any company provided that such class of securities are listed on a recognized stock exchange in Canada or the United States. The Company will pay Mr. Orsmond a monthly base salary from the Effective Date of CAD 40,373.00 (the Monthly Salary ). The Monthly Salary is subject to increase based on periodic reviews at the discretion of the Company. The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may consider the payment of a reasonable industry standard bonus to Mr. Orsmond based upon the performance of the Company and upon the achievement by Mr. Orsmond of reasonable management objectives. Mr. Orsmond will be eligible to participate in benefits, perquisites and allowances, as such plans and policies may be amended from time to time, and including, but not limited to: (a) group insurance coverage for dental, health and life insurance; (b) the use of a smartphone for Business purposes; and (c) no less than five weeks paid vacation per calendar year (the Vacation ), such Vacation to extend for such periods and to be taken at such intervals as shall be appropriate and consistent with the proper performance of Mr. Orsmond s duties. The Company may grant Mr. Orsmond Options under its Stock Incentive Plan from time to time in its absolute discretion. Any Options will be in accordance with provisions, and including, but not limited to, the following: (a) the exercise of Options shall be subject to, at all times, to such vesting and resale provisions as may then be contained in the Company s Stock Incentive Plan as may be finally determined by the Board of Directors acting reasonably; (b) Mr. Orsmond in no event make any disposition of all or any portion of Options unless the requirements as provided in the Orsmond Agreement have been satisfied; and (c) the Company shall have an independent committee of the Board of Directors approve each grant of Options and, if required, by the applicable regulatory authorities and the shareholders of the Company. The Company has the right to and may terminate the Orsmond Agreement at any time for Just Cause (as defined therein). Following any such termination, the Company shall pay to Mr. Orsmond an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned and payable to Mr. Orsmond up to the date of termination, and Mr. Orsmond shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Company also has the right to terminate the Orsmond Agreement without Just Cause and for any reason or no reason whatsoever by providing written notice to Mr. Orsmond specifying the effective date of termination. Mr. Orsmond may terminate the Orsmond Agreement at any time in connection with a Change of Control (as defined therein) of the Company by providing not less than 90 calendar days notice in writing of said date of termination to the Company after the Change of Control has been effected. In the event that the Orsmond Agreement is terminated by the Company without Just Cause, or by Mr. Orsmond as a result of a Change of Control, the Company will have the obligation to: (a) pay Mr. Orsmond an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Orsmond up to the date of termination, together with any Vacation pay required to comply with applicable employment standards legislation; (b) pay Mr. Orsmond his annual performance Bonus entitlements (as defined therein) calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) pay Mr. Orsmond a termination fee equal to 12 months Monthly Salary plus an additional one month s Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company from the Effective Date; (d) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits (as defined therein) are being provided to Mr. Orsmond, continue each of Mr. Orsmond s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; (e) pay Mr. Orsmond an amount equal to the greater of (i) the average STIP (as defined therein) paid to Mr. Orsmond for the previous two years and (ii) 80 of Mr. Orsmond s target annual STIP for the current fiscal year of the Company if Mr. Orsmond has been employed by the Company for less than two years at the date of termination; and (f) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Orsmond to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period (12 months from the date of termination; as defined therein). The Company may terminate the Orsmond Agreement by notifying Mr. Orsmond in writing at least 30 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Orsmond Agreement. In the event of such termination, the Company will be obligated to provide Mr. Orsmond with (a) through (f) noted immediately above, however, the Company will only pay Mr. Orsmond a termination fee equal to four months of Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company commencing from the Effective Date and up to a total of 16 months of Monthly Salary. Mr. Orsmond may terminate the Orsmond Agreement at any time by providing written notice of resignation to the Board of Directors specifying the date of termination (such date being not less than three months after the date of notice). In the event the Orsmond Agreement is terminated by Mr. Orsmond s resignation, the Company shall pay to Mr. Orsmond an amount equal to the Monthly Salary 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 and Vacation pay earned and payable to Mr. Orsmond up to the date of termination, and Mr. Orsmond shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Orsmond Agreement will automatically terminate upon the death of Mr. Orsmond and, upon such termination, the Company s obligations under the Orsmond Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to: (a) pay Mr. Orsmond s estate an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Orsmond up to the date of termination; (b) pay Mr. Orsmond s estate his annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; and (c) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Orsmond s estate to exercise any unexercised and fully vested Options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. The Company may terminate the Orsmond Agreement at any time because of Total Disability (as defined therein) by providing 30 calendar days written notice. In the event of such termination, the Company s obligations under the Orsmond Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to (a) pay Mr. Orsmond an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Orsmond up to the date of termination; (b) pay Mr. Orsmond his annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits are being provided to Mr. Orsmond, continue each of Mr. Orsmond s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; and (d) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Orsmond to exercise any unexercised and fully vested Options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. Kim Brink On December 24, 2021, our Board of Directors approved the entering into of an executive employment services agreement with each of the Company, ElectraMeccanica Automotive USA Inc. and Kim Brink (the Brink Agreement with effect on January 24, 2022 (the Effective Date ). The Brink Agreement commenced as of its Effective Date and will continue for a period of two years unless terminated in accordance with its terms. The Brink Agreement shall renew automatically if not specifically terminated by the Company notifying Ms. Brink in writing at least 90 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Brink Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Brink Agreement, Ms. Brink will be employed as our Chief Revenue Officer and will: (a) devote reasonable efforts and attentions to the business and affairs of the Company; (b) perform the Services (as defined in the Brink Agreement) in a competent and efficient manner and in manner consistent with his obligations to the Company and in compliance with all the Company policies; and (c) promote the interests and goodwill of the Company. Ms. Brink will not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in North America, either individually or in partnership, jointly or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, syndicate, company, whether as agent, shareholder, employee, consultant, or in any manner whatsoever, engage in any business the same or similar to or in competition with that of the Company s Business (as defined therein). However, Ms. Brink may hold or have a beneficial interest in up to 1 of any class of securities in any company provided that such class of securities are listed on a recognized stock exchange in Canada or the United States. The Company will pay Ms. Brink a monthly base salary from the Effective Date of US 28,333.34 (the Monthly Salary ). The Monthly Salary is subject to increase based on periodic reviews at the discretion of the Company. The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may consider the payment of a reasonable industry standard bonus to Ms. Brink based upon the performance of the Company and upon the achievement by Ms. Brink of reasonable management objectives. Ms. Brink will be eligible to participate in benefits, perquisites and allowances, as such plans and policies may be amended from time to time, and including, but not limited to: (a) group insurance coverage for dental, health and life insurance; (b) the use of a smartphone for Business purposes; and (c) no less than five weeks paid vacation per calendar year (the Vacation ), such Vacation to extend for such periods and to be taken at such intervals as shall be appropriate and consistent with the proper performance of Ms. Brink s duties. The Company may grant Mr. Brink Options under its Stock Incentive Plan from time to time in its absolute discretion. Any Options will be in accordance with provisions, and including, but not limited to, the following: (a) the exercise of Options shall be subject to, at all times, to such vesting and resale provisions as may then be contained in the Company s Stock Incentive Plan as may be finally determined by the Board of Directors acting reasonably; (b) Ms. Brink in no event make any disposition of all or any portion of Options 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 unless the requirements as provided in the Brink Agreement have been satisfied; and (c) the Company shall have an independent committee of the Board of Directors approve each grant of Options and, if required, by the applicable regulatory authorities and the shareholders of the Company. The Company has the right to and may terminate the Brink Agreement at any time for Just Cause (as defined therein). Following any such termination, the Company shall pay to Ms. Brink an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned and payable to Ms. Brink up to the date of termination, and Ms. Brink shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Company also has the right to terminate the Brink Agreement without Just Cause and for any reason or no reason whatsoever by providing written notice to Ms. Brink specifying the effective date of termination. Ms. Brink may terminate the Brink Agreement at any time in connection with a Change of Control (as defined therein) of the Company by providing not less than 90 calendar days notice in writing of said date of termination to the Company after the Change of Control has been effected. In the event that the Brink Agreement is terminated by the Company without Just Cause, or by Ms. Brink as a result of a Change of Control, the Company will have the obligation to: (a) pay Ms. Brink an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Ms. Brink up to the date of termination, together with any Vacation pay required to comply with applicable employment standards legislation; (b) pay Ms. Brink her annual performance Bonus entitlements (as defined therein) calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) pay Ms. Brink a termination fee equal to 24 months Monthly Salary plus an additional one month s Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company from the Effective Date; (d) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits (as defined therein) are being provided to Ms. Brink, continue each of Ms. Brink s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; (e) pay Ms. Brink an amount equal to the greater of (i) the average STIP (as defined therein) paid to Ms. Brink for the previous two years and (ii) 80 of Ms. Brink s target annual STIP for the current fiscal year of the Company if Ms. Brink has been employed by the Company for less than two years at the date of termination; and (f) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Ms. Brink to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period (12 months from the date of termination; as defined therein). The Company may terminate the Brink Agreement by notifying Ms. Brink in writing at least 90 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Brink Agreement. In the event of such termination, the Company will be obligated to provide Ms. Brink with (a) through (f) noted immediately above, however, the Company will only pay Ms. Brink a termination fee equal to four months of Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company commencing from the Effective Date and up to a total of 24 months of Monthly Salary. Ms. Brink may terminate the Brink Agreement at any time by providing written notice of resignation to the Board of Directors specifying the date of termination (such date being not less than three months after the date of notice). In the event the Brink Agreement is terminated by Ms. Brink s resignation, the Company shall pay to Ms. Brink an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned and payable to Ms. Brink up to the date of termination, and Ms. Brink shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Brink Agreement will automatically terminate upon the death of Ms. Brink and, upon such termination, the Company s obligations under the Brink Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to: (a) pay Ms. Brink s estate an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Ms. Brink up to the date of termination; (b) pay Ms. Brink s estate her annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; and (c) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Ms. Brink s estate to exercise any unexercised and fully vested Options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. The Company may terminate the Brink Agreement at any time because of Total Disability (as defined therein) by providing 30 calendar days written notice. In the event of such termination, the Company s obligations under the Brink Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to (a) pay Ms. Brink an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Ms. Brink up to the date of termination; (b) pay Ms. Brink her annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits are being provided to Ms. Brink, continue each of Ms. Brink s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; and (d) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Ms. Brink to exercise any unexercised and fully vested Options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. Michael Bridge On February 9, 2023, our Board of Directors approved the entering into of an executive employment services agreement with each of the Company and Michael Bridge (the Bridge Agreement with effect on March 20, 2023 (the Effective Date ). Beginning on the Effective Date, Mr. Bridge will serve as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company and ElectraMeccanica Automotive USA Inc. (the Subsidiary ), reporting to the Company s CEO. While serving as the General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Mr. Bridge will have control over, and responsibility for, the day-to-day legal affairs of the Company and the Subsidiary and shall have such other duties, authorities and responsibilities commensurate for such or a similar position at a similarly-situated company and such additional duties as may be assigned to Mr. Bridge by the CEO from time to time. The initial term of the Bridge Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the three year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Term ). The Initial term will automatically extend on the same terms and conditions set forth below for additional one year periods (each, a Renewal Term ), unless either party gives the other party written notice of non-renewal at least 30 calendar days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term. Pursuant to the Bridge Agreement, Mr. Bridge will receive a base salary of 325,000 per year during the term of the Bridge Agreement to be paid according to the Company s normal payroll cycle. The base salary will be reviewed annually and may be adjusted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. According to the Bridge Agreement and subject to approval by the Compensation Committee and as soon as reasonably practicable upon execution of the Bridge Agreement and announcement by the Company of Mr. Bridge as its new General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, the Company will award a non-qualified stock option under the Stock Incentive Plan to purchase 500,000 common shares of the Company (the Sign-On Option ), with the Sign-On Option having an exercise price equating to the closing price for the Company s stock as reported on Nasdaq on the day prior to the grant date (the Exercise Price ), and with the Sign-On Option having a maximum exercise term of seven years from the grant date (the Exercise Term and vesting in three equal annual installments from the grant date. The Sign-On Option will be subject to such other terms and conditions specified by the Compensation Committee, the Stock Incentive Plan, the award agreement and the Company s insider trading policy. Beginning January 1, 2023, and for each full calendar year during the term thereafter, Mr. Bridge will be eligible to participate in an annual cash incentive program adopted in writing and approved by the Compensation Committee (the STIP ). Mr. Bridge s target incentive under the STIP will equal 50 of his base salary and in no event will the STIP payment exceed 100 of his base salary. Any STIP payment and the amount of same will be based on the attainment of written quantitative and qualitative performance goals, including financial performance goals, established by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion and in advance. In order to be eligible to receive the STIP, Mr. Bridge must be actively employed by the Company through the date the STIP is paid in order to earn and be eligible to receive the STIP. Beginning January 1, 2024, and for each full calendar year during the term thereafter, Mr. Bridge will be eligible to receive grants of stock options, performance shares and other awards under the Stock Incentive Plan (the Annual Equity Awards ). The amount of Annual Equity Awards, the mix of Annual Equity Awards, the vesting schedule and the other terms and conditions of the Annual Equity Awards will be established by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion. The Annual Equity Awards will be subject to such other terms and conditions specified by the Compensation Committee, the Stock Incentive Plan, the award agreement, and the Company s insider trading policy. Pursuant to the Bridge Agreement, Mr. Bridge will be eligible to participate in the Company s standard company benefit and vacation plans, as such plans may be amended, modified, or terminated by the Company from time to time, with or without notice, in accordance with the applicable benefit and vacation plan documents. The Bridge Agreement may be terminated by the Board of Directors at any time during the term for any reason upon at least 30 calendar days prior written notice; provided that, the Board of Directors may terminate Mr. Bridge s employment immediately for cause. Upon termination by the Company for any reason, the Company will pay Mr. Bridge his accrued but unpaid base salary through his date of termination and any accrued but unpaid reasonable business expenses through his date of termination Accured 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Obligations ). If Mr. Bridge resigns from his employment with the Company for any reason, he will be deemed to immediately resign from all officerships, directorships, managerships and other positions he holds with the Company, the Subsidiary and their affiliates, and will only be entitled to the Accured Obligations. The Bridge Agreement will terminate immediately upon Mr. Bridge s death or disability. In the event Mr. Bridge s full-time employment is terminated by the Board of Directors without cause or by Mr. Bridge for Good Reason (as defined in Exhibit A to the Bridge Agreement) prior to a Change of Control (as defined in Exhibit A to the Bridge Agreement) during the term, then, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to Mr. Bridge s timely execution (and non-revocation) of the release required by the Bridge Agreement, Mr. Bridge will be entitled to receive a cash severance payment equal to the sum of: (i) 12 months of his then base salary plus one month of his then base salary for every completed year of service (to a maximum of 16 months); (ii) six times the monthly amount that is charged to COBRA qualified beneficiaries for the same medical coverage options elected by him immediately prior to his last day of employment; and (iii) the greater of (a) his average STIP paid in the two prior years and (b) 80 of the target annual STIP for the current fiscal year (collectively, the Base Severance Amount ). The Base Severance Amount will be paid to Mr. Bridge in installments over a 12-month period, in accordance with the Company s normal payroll cycle, with the first installment paid during the first payroll period following the expiration of the release revocation period described below. In addition to the Base Severance Amount, Mr. Bridge will be entitled to receive a pro-rata STIP for the year in which his termination occurred, with such pro-rata STIP paid at the same time described above. In addition, Mr. Bridge will be eligible to exercise any vested portion of the Sign-On Option or other stock options granted to him by the Company which may have vested as at the date of termination by the Board of Directors without cause or by Mr. Bridge for Good Reason prior to a Change of Control of for a period of one year from such termination date. Upon the closing of a transaction during the term that results in a Change of Control, and notwithstanding anything in the Stock Incentive Plan to the contrary, Mr. Bridge s Sign-On Option and any other stock options awarded to him shall fully vest and become exercisable for a period of one year from the date of his termination. In the event Mr. Bridge s full-time employment is terminated by the Board of Directors without cause or by Mr. Bridge with Good Reason during the 12 month period following a Change of Control during the term, then, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to Mr. Bridge s timely execution (and non-revocation) of the release required by the Bridge Agreement, Mr. Bridge will be entitled to receive a cash severance payment equal to the sum of: (i) 12 months of his then base salary; and (ii) six times the monthly amount that is charged to COBRA qualified beneficiaries for the same medical coverage options elected by Mr. Bridge immediately prior to his last day of employment (collectively, the Enhanced Severance Amount ). The Enhanced Severance Amount will be paid to Mr. Bridge in installments over a 12-month period, in accordance with the Company s normal payroll cycle, with the first installment paid following the expiration of the release revocation period described in the Bridge Agreement. The Bridge Agreement contains typical restrictive covenants with respect to non-disparagement, non-solicitation of customers and employees and non-competition for a period of 12 months after cessation of employment. Former Executive Employment Agreements Kevin Pavlov On October 1, 2020, our Board of Directors approved the entering into of an independent contractor agreement with Kevin Pavlov and ElectraMeccanica Automotive USA Inc. (the Prior Pavlov Agreement ). On April 5, 2021 (the Effective Date therein), the Company and ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC entered into a new executive employment services agreement with Mr. Pavlov (the Pavlov Agreement which superseded the Prior Pavlov Agreement. The Pavlov Agreement commenced as of its Effective Date and will continue for a period of two years unless terminated in accordance with its terms. The Pavlov Agreement shall renew automatically if not specifically terminated by the Company notifying Mr. Pavlov in writing at least 90 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Pavlov Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Pavlov Agreement, Mr. Pavlov will continue to be employed as our COO; and now also as our CEO and will: (a) devote reasonable efforts and attentions to the business and affairs of the Company; (b) perform the Services (as defined in the Pavlov Agreement) in a competent and efficient manner and in manner consistent with his obligations to the Company and in compliance with all the Company policies; and (c) promote the interests and goodwill of the Company. Mr. Pavlov will not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in North America, either individually or in partnership, jointly or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, syndicate, 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 company, whether as agent, shareholder, employee, consultant, or in any manner whatsoever, engage in any business the same or similar to or in competition with that of the Company s Business (as defined therein). However, Mr. Pavlov may hold or become beneficially interest in up to 1 of any class of securities in any company provided that such class of securities are listed on a recognized stock exchange in Canada or the United States. The Company will pay Mr. Pavlov a monthly base salary from the Effective Date of 26,000.00 (the Monthly Salary ). The Monthly Salary is subject to increase based on periodic reviews at the discretion of the Company. The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may consider the payment of a reasonable industry standard bonus to Mr. Pavlov based upon the performance of the Company and upon the achievement by Mr. Pavlov of reasonable management objectives. Mr. Pavlov will be eligible to participate in benefits, perquisites and allowances, as such plans and policies may be amended from time to time, and including, but not limited to: (a) group insurance coverage for dental, health and life insurance; (b) the use of a smartphone for Business purposes; and (c) no less than five weeks paid vacation per calendar year (the Vacation ), such Vacation to extend for such periods and to be taken at such intervals as shall be appropriate and consistent with the proper performance of Mr. Pavlov s duties. The Company may grant Mr. Pavlov Options under its Stock Incentive Plan from time to time in its absolute discretion. Any Options will be in accordance with provisions, and including, but not limited to, the following: (a) the exercise of Options shall be subject to, at all times, to such vesting and resale provisions as may then be contained in the Company s Stock Incentive Plan as may be finally determined by the Board of Directors acting reasonably; (b) Mr. Pavlov in no event make any disposition of all or any portion of Options unless the requirements as provided in the Pavlov Agreement have been satisfied; and (c) the Company shall have an independent committee of the Board of Directors approve each grant of Options and, if required, by the applicable regulatory authorities and the shareholders of the Company. The Company has the right to and may terminate the Pavlov Agreement at any time for Just Cause (as defined therein). Following any such termination, the Company shall pay to Mr. Pavlov an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned and payable to Mr. Pavlov up to the date of termination, and Mr. Pavlov shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Company also has the right to terminate the Pavlov Agreement without Just Cause and for any reason or no reason whatsoever by providing written notice to Mr. Pavlov specifying the effective date of termination. Mr. Pavlov may terminate the Pavlov Agreement at any time in connection with a Change of Control (as defined therein) of the Company by providing not less than 90 calendar days notice in writing of said date of termination to the Company after the Change of Control has been effected. In the event that the Pavlov Agreement is terminated by the Company without Just Cause, or by Mr. Pavlov as a result of a Change of Control, the Company will have the obligation to: (a) pay Mr. Pavlov an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Pavlov up to the date of termination, together with any Vacation pay required to comply with applicable employment standards legislation; (b) pay Mr. Pavlov his annual performance Bonus entitlements (as defined therein) calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) pay Mr. Pavlov a termination fee equal to 24 months Monthly Salary plus an additional one month s Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company from the Effective Date; (d) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits (as defined therein) are being provided to Mr. Pavlov, continue each of Mr. Pavlov s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; (e) pay Mr. Pavlov an amount equal to the greater of (i) the average STIP (as defined therein) paid to Mr. Pavlov for the previous two years and (ii) 80 of Mr. Pavlov s target annual STIP for the current fiscal year of the Company if Mr. Pavlov has been employed by the Company for less than two years at the date of termination; and (f) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Pavlov to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period (12 months from the date of termination; as defined therein). The Company may terminate the Pavlov Agreement by notifying Mr. Pavlov in writing at least 90 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Pavlov Agreement. In the event of such termination, the Company will be obligated to provide Mr. Pavlov with (a) through (f) noted immediately above, however, the Company will only pay Mr. Pavlov a termination fee equal to four months of Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company commencing from the date of the Prior Pavlov Agreement and up to a total of 24 months of Monthly Salary. Mr. Pavlov may terminate the Pavlov Agreement at any time by providing written notice of resignation to the Board of Directors specifying the date of termination (such date being not less than three months after the date of notice). In the event the Pavlov Agreement is terminated by Mr. Pavlov s resignation, the Company shall pay to Mr. Pavlov an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 pay earned and payable to Mr. Pavlov up to the date of termination, and Mr. Pavlov shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Pavlov Agreement will automatically terminate upon the death of Mr. Pavlov and, upon such termination, the Company s obligations under the Pavlov Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to: (a) pay Mr. Pavlov s estate an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Pavlov up to the date of termination; (b) pay Mr. Pavlov s estate his annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; and (c) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Pavlov s estate to exercise any unexercised and fully vested Options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. The Company may terminate the Pavlov Agreement at any time because of Total Disability (as defined therein) by providing 30 calendar days written notice. In the event of such termination, the Company s obligations under the Pavlov Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to (a) pay Mr. Pavlov an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Pavlov up to the date of termination; (b) pay Mr. Pavlov his annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits are being provided to Mr. Pavlov, continue each of Mr. Pavlov s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; and (d) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Pavlov to exercise any unexercised and fully vested Options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. Based on the independent report produced by GGA, on September 22, 2021, the Pavlov Agreement annual salary was amended to 450,000.00, which is paid on a monthly basis of 37,500, and Mr. Pavlov was awarded 230,939 RSUs which vest, as to one-third, at the end of each year during the RSU vesting period. On December 31, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved a cash bonus to Mr. Pavlov of 405,000.00 for fiscal 2021. Based on the independent report produced by GGA, on April 1, 2022, the Pavlov Agreement annual salary was amended to 500,000.00, which is paid on a monthly basis of 41,667. Mr. Pavlov resigned from all positions with the Company and its subsidiaries effective on December 5, 2022 (the Resignation ). In connection with such Resignation, each of the Company and Mr. Pavlov entered into a termination and mutual release agreement, dated for reference December 2, 2022 but effective on December 5, 2022 (the Effective Date ), pursuant to which, and in consideration of various mutually acceptable agreements and covenants, Mr. Pavlov received the following material compensation: (i) a one-time net (of employment taxes) cash payment of 438,939.51; (ii) the immediate vesting, where not otherwise vested, of his then existing Options in and to Company, together with the right to exercise the same for a period of two years from the Effective Date; and (iii) the issuance of 168,470 common shares of the Company, at a deemed market value issuance price of 1.11 per common share, representing the net (of employment taxes) issuance to Mr. Pavlov of his then fully vested RSUs in the Company. Joseph Mitchell On March 12, 2022, our Board of Directors approved the entering into of an executive employment services agreement with Joseph Mitchell and ElectraMeccanica Automotive USA Inc (the Mitchell Agreement ), dated for reference effective on April 1, 2022 (the Effective Date ), which superseded the Company s prior agreement with Mr. Mitchell. The Mitchell Agreement commenced as of its Effective Date and will continue for a period of two years unless terminated in accordance with its terms. The Mitchell Agreement shall renew automatically if not specifically terminated by the Company notifying Mr. Mitchell in writing at least 90 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Mitchell Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Mitchell Agreement, Mr. Pavlov will be employed as our COO and will: (a) devote reasonable efforts and attentions to the business and affairs of the Company; (b) perform the Services (as defined in the Mitchell Agreement) in a competent and efficient manner and in manner consistent with his obligations to the Company and in compliance with all the Company policies; and (c) promote the interests and goodwill of the Company. Mr. Mitchell will not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in North America, either individually or in partnership, jointly or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, syndicate, company, whether as agent, shareholder, employee, consultant, or in any manner whatsoever, engage in any business the same or similar to or in competition with that of the Company s Business (as defined therein). However, Mr. Mitchell may hold or become beneficially interest in up to 1 of 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 any class of securities in any company provided that such class of securities are listed on a recognized stock exchange in Canada or the United States. The Company will pay Mr. Mitchell a monthly base salary from the Effective Date of 31,250.00 (the Monthly Salary ). The Monthly Salary is subject to increase based on periodic reviews at the discretion of the Company. The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may consider the payment of a reasonable industry standard bonus to Mr. Mitchell based upon the performance of the Company and upon the achievement by Mr. Mitchell of reasonable management objectives. Mr. Mitchell will be eligible to participate in benefits, perquisites and allowances, as such plans and policies may be amended from time to time, and including, but not limited to: (a) group insurance coverage for dental, health and life insurance; (b) the use of a smartphone for Business purposes; and (c) no less than five weeks paid vacation per calendar year (the Vacation ), such Vacation to extend for such periods and to be taken at such intervals as shall be appropriate and consistent with the proper performance of Mr. Mitchell s duties. The Company may grant Mr. Mitchell Options under its Stock Incentive Plan from time to time in its absolute discretion, and shall, on or about Effective Date, grant Mr. Mitchell an initial Option to purchase up to 500,000 Common Shares, and vesting as to an initial one-third of the Option on the grant date with the balance at the end of each month during the term of the Mitchell Agreement. Any Options will be in accordance with provisions, and including, but not limited to, the following: (a) the exercise of Options shall be subject to, at all times, to such vesting and resale provisions as may then be contained in the Company s Stock Incentive Plan as may be finally determined by the Board of Directors acting reasonably; (b) Mr. Mitchell in no event make any disposition of all or any portion of Options unless the requirements as provided in the Mitchell Agreement have been satisfied; and (c) the Company shall have an independent committee of the Board of Directors approve each grant of Options and, if required, by the applicable regulatory authorities and the shareholders of the Company. The Company also has the right to terminate the Mitchell Agreement without Just Cause and for any reason or no reason whatsoever by providing written notice to Mr. Mitchell specifying the effective date of termination. Mr. Mitchell may terminate the Mitchell Agreement at any time in connection with a Change of Control (as defined therein) of the Company by providing not less than 90 calendar days notice in writing of said date of termination to the Company after the Change of Control has been effected. In the event that the Mitchell Agreement is terminated by the Company without Just Cause, or by Mr. Mitchell as a result of a Change of Control, the Company will have the obligation to: (a) pay Mr. Mitchell an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Mitchell up to the date of termination, together with any Vacation pay required to comply with applicable employment standards legislation; (b) pay Mr. Mitchell his annual performance Bonus entitlements (as defined therein) calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) pay Mr. Mitchell a termination fee equal to 24 months Monthly Salary plus an additional one month s Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company from the Effective Date; (d) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits (as defined therein) are being provided to Mr. Mitchell, continue each of Mr. Mitchell s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; (e) pay Mr. Mitchell an amount equal to the greater of (i) the average STIP (as defined therein) paid to Mr. Mitchell for the previous two years and (ii) 80 of Mr. Mitchell s target annual STIP for the current fiscal year of the Company if Mr. Mitchell has been employed by the Company for less than two years at the date of termination; and (f) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Mitchell to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period (12 months from the date of termination; as defined therein). The Company may terminate the Mitchell Agreement by notifying Mr. Mitchell in writing at least 30 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Mitchell Agreement. In the event of such termination, the Company will be obligated to provide Mr. Mitchell with (a) through (f) noted immediately above, however, the Company will only pay Mr. Mitchell a termination fee equal to four months of Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company commencing from the Effective Date and up to a total of 24 months of Monthly Salary. Mr. Mitchell may terminate the Mitchell Agreement at any time by providing written notice of resignation to the Board of Directors specifying the date of termination (such date being not less than three months after the date of notice). In the event the Mitchell Agreement is terminated by Mr. Mitchell s resignation, the Company shall pay to Mr. Mitchell an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned and payable to Mr. Mitchell up to the date of termination, and Mr. Mitchell shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Mitchell Agreement will automatically terminate upon the death of Mr. Mitchell and, upon such termination, the Company s obligations under the Mitchell Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to: (a) pay Mr. Mitchell s 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 estate an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Mitchell up to the date of termination; (b) pay Mr. Mitchell s estate his annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; and (c) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Mitchell s estate to exercise any unexercised and fully vested Options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. The Company may terminate the Mitchell Agreement at any time because of Total Disability (as defined therein) by providing 30 calendar days written notice. In the event of such termination, the Company s obligations under the Mitchell Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to (a) pay Mr. Mitchell an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Mitchell up to the date of termination; (b) pay Mr. Mitchell his annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits are being provided to Mr. Mitchell, continue each of Mr. Mitchell s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; and (d) subject to the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Mitchell to exercise any unexercised and fully vested Options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. Mr. Mitchell resigned from his position with the Company effective on November 22, 2022 (the Resignation ). In connection with such Resignation, each of the Company and Mr. Mitchell entered into a termination and mutual release agreement, dated for reference November 22, 2022 (the Effective Date ), pursuant to which, and in consideration of various mutually acceptable agreements and covenants, Mr. Mitchell received net (of employment taxes) cash payments totaling 316,560.88. Bal Bhullar On January 15, 2019, our Board of Directors approved the entering into of a consulting agreement with BKB Management Ltd., a company under the control and direction of Bal Bhullar, our Chief Financial Officer (the Consulting Agreement ), which is dated for reference effective on January 1, 2019, and which superseded our Company s prior offer letter with Ms. Bhullar, dated October 19, 2018. On December 19, 2019, the Company entered into a new executive employment agreement with Ms. Bhullar (the Bhullar Agreement which is effective January 1, 2020 (the Effective Date therein), and which superseded the Consulting Agreement. The Bhullar Agreement commenced as of its Effective Date and will continue for a period of three years unless terminated in accordance with its terms. The Bhullar Agreement shall renew automatically if not specifically terminated by the Company notifying Ms. Bhullar in writing at least 90 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Bhullar Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Bhullar Agreement, Ms. Bhullar will continue to be employed as our Chief Financial Officer and will: (a) devote reasonable efforts and attentions to the business and affairs of the Company; (b) perform the Services (as defined in the Bhullar Agreement) in a competent and efficient manner and in manner consistent with her obligations to the Company and in compliance with all the Company policies; and (c) promote the interests and goodwill of the Company. Ms. Bhullar will not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in North America, either individually or in partnership, jointly or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, syndicate, company, whether as agent, shareholder, employee, consultant, or in any manner whatsoever, engage in any business the same or similar to or in competition with that of the Company s Business (as defined therein). However, Ms. Bhullar may hold or become beneficially interest in up to 1 of any class of securities in any company provided that such class of securities are listed on a recognized stock exchange in Canada or the United States. The Company will pay Ms. Bhullar a monthly base salary from the Effective Date of CAD 23,333.33 (the Monthly Salary ). The Monthly Salary is subject to increase based on periodic reviews at the discretion of the Company. The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may consider the payment of a reasonable industry standard bonus to Ms. Bhullar based upon the performance of the Company and upon the achievement by Ms. Bhullar of reasonable management objectives. Ms. Bhullar will be eligible to participate in benefits, perquisites and allowances, as such plans and policies may be amended from time to time, and including, but not limited to: (a) group insurance coverage for dental, health and life insurance; (b) an automobile expense allowance of CAD 300.00 per month; (c) professional dues necessary to maintain Ms. Bhullar s professional designation; and (d) no less than five weeks paid vacation per calendar year (the Vacation ), such Vacation to extend for such periods and to be taken at such intervals as shall be appropriate and consistent with the proper performance of Ms. Bhullar s duties. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 The Company may grant Ms. Bhullar stock options under its Stock Option Plan (as defined therein) from time to time in its absolute discretion. Any stock options granted will be in accordance with provisions, and including, but not limited to, the following: (a) the exercise of stock options shall be subject to, at all times, to such vesting and resale provisions as may then be contained in the Company s Stock Option Plan as may be finally determined by the Board of Directors acting reasonably; (b) Ms. Bhullar in no event make any disposition of all or any portion of stock options unless the requirements as provided in the Bhullar Agreement have been satisfied; and (c) the Company shall have an independent committee of the Board of Directors approve each grant of stock options and, if required, by the applicable regulatory authorities and the shareholders of the Company. The Company has the right to and may terminate the Bhullar Agreement at any time for Just Cause (as defined therein). Following any such termination, the Company shall pay to Ms. Bhullar an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned and payable to Ms. Bhullar up to the date of termination, and Ms. Bhullar shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Company also has the right to terminate the Bhullar Agreement without Just Cause and for any reason or no reason whatsoever by providing written notice to Ms. Bhullar specifying the effective date of termination. Ms. Bhullar may terminate the Bhullar Agreement at any time in connection with a Change of Control (as defined therein) of the Company by providing not less than 90 calendar days notice in writing of said date of termination to the Company after the Change of Control has been effected. In the event that the Bhullar Agreement is terminated by the Company without Just Cause, or by Ms. Bhullar as a result of a Change of Control, the Company will have the obligation to: (a) pay Ms. Bhullar an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Ms. Bhullar up to the date of termination, together with any Vacation pay required to comply with applicable employment standards legislation; (b) pay Ms. Bhullar her annual performance Bonus entitlements (as defined therein) calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) pay to Ms. Bhullar a termination fee equal to 24 months Monthly Salary for each completed year of employment with the Company; (d) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits (as defined therein) are being provided to Ms. Bhullar, continue each of Ms. Bhullar s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; (e) pay Ms. Bhullar an amount equal to the greater of (i) the average STIP (as defined therein) paid to Ms. Bhullar for the previous two years and (ii) 80 of Ms. Bhullar s target annual STIP for the current fiscal year of the Company if Ms. Bhullar has been employed by the Company for less than two years at the date of termination; and (f) subject to the Company s Stock Option Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Ms. Bhullar to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period (as defined therein). The Company may terminate the Bhullar Agreement by notifying Ms. Bhullar in writing at least 90 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Bhullar Agreement. In the event of such termination, the Company will be obligated to provide Ms. Bhullar with (a) through (f) noted immediately above, however, the Company will only pay Ms. Bhullar severance equal to four months of Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company. Ms. Bhullar may terminate the Bhullar Agreement at any time by providing written notice of resignation to the Board of Directors specifying the date of termination (such date being not less than three months after the date of notice). In the event the Bhullar Agreement is terminated by Ms. Bhullar s resignation, the Company shall pay to Ms. Bhullar an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned and payable to Ms. Bhullar up to the date of termination, and Ms. Bhullar shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Bhullar Agreement will automatically terminate upon the death of Ms. Bhullar and, upon such termination, the Company s obligations under the Bhullar Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to: (a) pay Ms. Bhullar s estate an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Ms. Bhullar up to the date of termination; (b) pay Ms. Bhullar s estate her annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; and (c) subject to the Company s Stock Option Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Ms. Bhullar s estate to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. The Company may terminate the Bhullar Agreement at any time because of Total Disability (as defined therein) by providing 30 calendar days written notice. In the event of such termination, the Company s obligations under the Bhullar Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to (a) pay Ms. Bhullar an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Ms. Bhullar up to the date of termination; (b) pay Ms. Bhullar her annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the Date of Termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) subject to provisions of any 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits are being provided to Ms. Bhullar, continue each of Ms. Bhullar s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; and (d) subject to the Company s Stock Option Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Ms. Bhullar to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. Based on recommendations provided to the Compensation Committee from GGA, on September 22, 2021 the Bhullar Agreement annual salary was amended to US 365,000, which is paid on a monthly basis of CAD 39,845.83, and Ms. Bhullar was awarded 96,335 RSUs which vest as to on-third at the end of each year during the RSU vesting period. On December 31, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved a cash bonus to Ms. Bhullar of CAD 182,792.00 for fiscal 2021. Ms. Bhullar formally resigned from all positions with the Company and its subsidiaries effective on December 31, 2022 (the Resignation ). In connection with such Resignation, each of the Company and Ms. Bhullar had entered into a termination and mutual release agreement, dated for reference July 27, 2022 but effective on December 31, 2022 (the Effective Date ), pursuant to which, and in consideration of various mutually acceptable agreements and covenants, Ms. Bhullar received the following material compensation: (i) a one-time net (of employment taxes) cash payment of CAD 437,358.41; (ii) the immediate vesting, where not otherwise vested, of her then existing Options in and to Company, together with the right to exercise the same for a period of two years from the Effective Date; (iii) the issuance of 91,242 common shares of the Company, at a deemed market value issuance price of 1.37 per common share, representing the net (of employment taxes) issuance to Ms. Bhullar of her then fully vested RSUs in the Company; and (iv) confirmation that all of her then group benefits in the Company would continue for a period of 12 months from the Effective Date. Dean Anthony (Tony) Dent On May 22, 2022, ElectraMeccanica Automotive USA Inc. (the Subsidiary entered into an employment agreement with Dean Anthony (Tony) Dent (the Dent Agreement with effect on August 15, 2022 (the Effective Date ). The Dent Agreement does not contain a set period of employment and is at will and may be terminated by ether party at any time, with or without advance notice, for any lawful reason or for no reason, with or without cause. Pursuant to the Dent Agreement, Mr. Dent will be employed in the position of General Counsel and shall work on a full-time basis starting on the Effective Date. Mr. Dent shall perform such duties as are usually associated with the position of General Counsel, as clarified in Exhibit B to the Dent Agreement, which shall not be an all-inclusive list of Mr. Dent s responsibilities, and other duties as may be assigned to Mr. Dent from time to time by the CEO and the Subsidiary. The Subsidiary shall pay Mr. Dent a salary of 295,000 per year, which is payable to Mr. Dent on the Subsidiary s regular paydays, in equal installments, less the usual, customary, and lawful deductions. The Subsidiary agreed to pay Mr. Dent a signing bonus of 40,000 less required deductions and Mr. Dent agreed that if he voluntarily resigns or is terminated for cause before August 15, 2024, he will be required to repay the full amount of the signing bonus to the Subsidiary. After completing three months of employment, Mr. Dent is eligible to participate in the Company s Stock Incentive Plan and, if approved by the Board of Directors, Mr. Dent will be eligible to receive a grant of up to 100,000 Options. Mr. Dent will be eligible to participate in the Subsidiary s extended health and benefits program beginning on the first day of the month following the Effective Date. Mr. Dent will be eligible to earn paid vacation in the amount of four weeks per year, which shall accrue in accordance with the Subsidiary s paid vacation policy. The Subsidiary agrees to reimburse Mr. Dent for up to 30,000 in costs associated with relocating to Arizona upon submission of documentation within 30 days of the date that the relocation expense was incurred. In addition, the Subsidiary will reimburse Mr. Dent for a portion of his cellular phone statement in the amount of 50 per month and upon receipt of prior written approval from the Subsidiary. Mr. Dent may be reimbursed for reasonable, business-related expenses. In the event Mr. Dent s employment is terminated without cause or as a result of a Change of Control (as defined in the Dent Agreement), Mr. Dent will be entitled to a payment equal to three months salary for every completed year of employment up to a maximum total payment of six months salary in return for a signed release as set forth in the Dent Agreement. In the event of Mr. Dent s death during the term of the Dent Agreement, the Dent Agreement shall immediately terminate, and the Subsidiary shall be obligations to pay any compensation earned but not paid to Mr. Dent s legal representatives. The Dent Agreement contains typical restrictive covenants with respect to non-disparagement, non-solicitation of customers and employees and non-competition for a period of 12 months after cessation of employment. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Dent resigned from all positions with the Company effective on February 3, 2023. Isaac Moss On January 15, 2019, our Board of Directors approved the entering into of an independent contractor agreement with Isaac (the Prior Moss Agreement ), which is dated for reference effective on January 1, 2019, and which superseded our Company s prior agreement with Mr. Moss, dated December 1, 2017 (the Commencement Date ), which had been amended in August of 2018. On July 1, 2020, our Board of Directors approved the entering into of a new executive employment agreement with Mr. Moss (the Moss Agreement which is effective July 1, 2020 (the Effective Date therein), and which superseded the Prior Moss Agreement. The Moss Agreement commenced as of its Effective Date and will continue for a period of two years unless terminated in accordance with its terms. The Moss Agreement shall renew automatically if not specifically terminated by the Company notifying Mr. Moss in writing at least 90 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Moss Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Moss Agreement, Mr. Moss will continue to be employed as our Chief Administrative Officer and will: (a) devote reasonable efforts and attentions to the business and affairs of the Company; (b) perform the Services (as defined in the Moss Agreement) in a competent and efficient manner and in manner consistent with his obligations to the Company and in compliance with all the Company policies; and (c) promote the interests and goodwill of the Company. Mr. Moss will not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in North America, either individually or in partnership, jointly or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, syndicate, company, whether as agent, shareholder, employee, consultant, or in any manner whatsoever, engage in any business the same or similar to or in competition with that of the Company s Business (as defined therein). However, Mr. Moss may hold or become beneficially interest in up to 1 of any class of securities in any company provided that such class of securities are listed on a recognized stock exchange in Canada or the United States. The Company will pay Mr. Moss a monthly base salary from the Effective Date of CAD 23,333.33 (the Monthly Salary ). The Monthly Salary is subject to increase based on periodic reviews at the discretion of the Company. The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may consider the payment of a reasonable industry standard bonus to Mr. Moss based upon the performance of the Company and upon the achievement by Mr. Moss of reasonable management objectives. Mr. Moss will be eligible to participate in benefits, perquisites and allowances, as such plans and policies may be amended from time to time, and including, but not limited to: (a) group insurance coverage for dental, health and life insurance; (b) the use of a smartphone for Business purposes; and (c) no less than five weeks paid vacation per calendar year (the Vacation ), such Vacation to extend for such periods and to be taken at such intervals as shall be appropriate and consistent with the proper performance of Mr. Moss s duties. The Company may grant Mr. Moss stock options under its Option Plan (as defined therein) from time to time in its absolute discretion. Any stock options granted will be in accordance with provisions, and including, but not limited to, the following: (a) the exercise of stock options shall be subject to, at all times, to such vesting and resale provisions as may then be contained in the Company s Option Plan as may be finally determined by the Board of Directors acting reasonably; (b) Mr. Moss in no event make any disposition of all or any portion of stock options unless the requirements as provided in the Moss Agreement have been satisfied; and (c) the Company shall have an independent committee of the Board of Directors approve each grant of stock options and, if required, by the applicable regulatory authorities and the shareholders of the Company. The Company has the right to and may terminate the Moss Agreement at any time for Just Cause (as defined therein). Following any such termination, the Company shall pay to Mr. Moss an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned and payable to Mr. Moss up to the date of termination, and Mr. Moss shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Company also has the right to terminate the Moss Agreement without Just Cause and for any reason or no reason whatsoever by providing written notice to Mr. Moss specifying the effective date of termination. Mr. Moss may terminate the Moss Agreement at any time in connection with a Change of Control (as defined therein) of the Company by providing not less than 90 calendar days notice in writing of said date of termination to the Company after the Change of Control has been effected. In the event that the Moss Agreement is terminated by the Company without Just Cause, or by Mr. Moss as a result of a Change of Control, the Company will have the obligation to: (a) pay Mr. Moss an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Moss up to the date of termination, together with any Vacation pay required to comply with applicable employment standards legislation; (b) pay Mr. Moss his annual performance Bonus entitlements (as defined therein) calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) to pay Mr. Moss a termination fee equal to 24 months Monthly Salary for each 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 completed year of employment with the Company from the Commencement Date; (d) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits (as defined therein) are being provided to Mr. Moss, continue each of Mr. Moss s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; (e) the Company shall pay Mr. Moss an amount equal to the greater of (i) the average STIP (as defined therein) paid to Mr. Moss for the previous two years and (ii) 80 of Mr. Moss s target annual STIP for the current fiscal year of the Company if Mr. Moss has been employed by the Company for less than two years at the date of termination; and (f) subject to the Company s Option Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Moss to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period (as defined therein). The Company may terminate the Moss Agreement by notifying Mr. Moss in writing at least 90 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to not renew the Moss Agreement. In the event of such termination, the Company will be obligated to provide Mr. Moss with (a) through (f) noted immediately above, however, the Company will only pay Mr. Moss severance equal to four months of Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company commencing from the date of the Prior Moss Agreement and up to a total of 24 months of Monthly Salary. Mr. Moss may terminate the Moss Agreement at any time by providing written notice of resignation to the Board of Directors specifying the date of termination (such date being not less than three months after the date of notice). In the event the Moss Agreement is terminated by Mr. Moss s resignation, the Company shall pay to Mr. Moss an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned and payable to Mr. Moss up to the date of termination, and Mr. Moss shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Moss Agreement will automatically terminate upon the death of Mr. Moss and, upon such termination, the Company s obligations under the Moss Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to: (a) pay Mr. Moss s estate an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Moss up to the date of termination; (b) pay Mr. Moss s estate his annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; and (c) subject to the Company s Option Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Moss s estate to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. The Company may terminate the Moss Agreement at any time because of Total Disability (as defined therein) by providing 30 calendar days written notice. In the event of such termination, the Company s obligations under the Moss Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to (a) pay Mr. Moss an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Moss up to the date of termination; (b) pay Mr. Moss his annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the Date of Termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits are being provided to Mr. Moss, continue each of Mr. Moss s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the date of termination; and (d) subject to the Company s Option Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Moss to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period from the date of termination. Based on recommendations provided to the Compensation Committee from GGA, on September 22, 2021 the Moss Agreement annual salary was amended to US 300,000, which is paid on a monthly basis of CAD 32,750 and Mr. Moss was awarded 61,584 RSUs which vest as to on-third at the end of each year during the RSU vesting period. On December 31, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved a cash bonus to Mr. Moss of CAD 244,140.00 for fiscal 2021. Mr. Moss formally resigned from all positions with the Company effective on September 22, 2022 (the Resignation ). In connection with such Resignation, each of the Company and Mr. Moss had entered into a termination and mutual release agreement, dated for reference September 22, 2022 but effective on October 31, 2022 (the Effective Date ), pursuant to which, and in consideration of various mutually acceptable agreements and covenants, Mr. Moss received the following material compensation: (i) a one-time net (of employment taxes) cash payment of CAD 423,007.27; and (ii) the immediate vesting, where not otherwise vested, of his then existing Options in and to Company, together with the right to exercise the same for a period of two and one-half years from the Effective Date. Henry Reisner On January 15, 2019, our Board of Directors approved the entering into of an executive employment agreement with Henry Reisner, which is dated for reference effective on January 1, 2019, and which then superseded our Company s prior agreement with Mr. Reisner, 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 dated July 1, 2016, which had been amended in August of 2018. On January 1, 2020 (the Effective Date therein), the Company entered into a new executive employment services agreement with Henry Reisner (the Reisner Agreement which superseded the January 15, 2019 executive employment agreement with Mr. Reisner. The Reisner Agreement commenced as of its Effective Date and will continue for a period of three years unless terminated in accordance with its terms. The Company may notify Mr. Reisner in writing at least 30 calendar days prior to the end of the term of its intent to renew the Reisner Agreement, any such renewal being on the same terms and conditions as provided in the Reisner Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Reisner Agreement, Mr. Reisner will continue to be employed as our Chief Operating Officer and President and will: (a) devote reasonable efforts and attentions to the business and affairs of the Company; (b) perform the Services (as defined in the Reisner Agreement) in a competent and efficient manner and in manner consistent with his obligations to the Company and in compliance with all the Company policies; and (c) promote the interests and goodwill of the Company. Mr. Reisner will not, directly or indirectly, anywhere in Canada or the United States, either individually or in partnership, jointly or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, syndicate, company, whether as agent, shareholder, employee, consultant, or in any manner whatsoever, engage in any business the same or similar to or in competition with that of the Company s Business (as defined therein). However, Mr. Reisner may hold or become beneficially interest in up to 1 of any class of securities in any company provided that such class of securities are listed on a recognized stock exchange in Canada or the United States. The Company will pay Mr. Reisner a monthly base salary from the Effective Date of CAD 18,333.34 (the Monthly Salary ). The Monthly Salary is subject to increase based on periodic reviews at the discretion of the Company. The Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may consider the payment of a reasonable industry standard bonus to Mr. Reisner based upon the performance of the Company and upon the achievement by Mr. Reisner of reasonable management objectives. Mr. Reisner will be eligible to receive a one-time lump sum payment of CAD 25,000.00 by delivering on the Company s objective of having the Generation 3 SOLO begin production by May 15, 2020. Mr. Reisner will be eligible to participate in benefits, perquisites and allowances, as such plans and policies may be amended from time to time, and including, but not limited to: (a) group insurance coverage for dental, health, and life insurance; and (b) no less than five weeks paid vacation per calendar year (the Vacation ), such Vacation to extend for such periods and to be taken at such intervals as shall be appropriate and consistent with the proper performance of Mr. Reisner s duties. The Company may grant Mr. Reisner stock options under its Stock Option Plan (as defined therein) from time to time in its absolute discretion. Any stock options granted will be in accordance with provisions, and including, but not limited to, the following: (a) the exercise of stock options shall be subject to, at all times, to such vesting and resale provisions as may then be contained in the Company s Stock Option Plan as may be finally determined by the Board of Directors acting reasonably; (b) Mr. Reisner in no event make any disposition of all or any portion of stock options unless the requirements as provided in the Reisner Agreement have been satisfied; and (c) the Company shall have an independent committee of the Board approve each grant of stock options and, if required, by the applicable regulatory authorities and the shareholders of the Company. The Company has the right to and may terminate the Reisner Agreement at any time for Just Cause (as defined therein). Following any such termination, the Company shall pay to Mr. Reisner an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned and payable to Mr. Reisner up to the date of termination, and Mr. Reisner shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Company also has the right to terminate the Reisner Agreement without Just Cause and for any reason or no reason whatsoever by providing written notice to Mr. Reisner specifying the effective date of termination. Mr. Reisner may terminate the Reisner Agreement at any time in connection with a Change of Control (as defined therein) of the Company by providing not less than 90 calendar days notice in writing of said date of termination to the Company after the Change of Control has been effected. In the event that the Reisner Agreement is terminated by the Company without Just Cause, or by Mr. Reisner as a result of a Change of Control, the Company will have the obligation to: (a) pay Mr. Reisner an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Reisner up to the date of termination, together with any Vacation pay required to comply with applicable employment standards legislation; (b) pay Mr. Reisner his annual performance Bonus entitlements (as defined therein) calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) pay a termination fee equal to 12 months Monthly Salary plus an additional one month s Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company; and (d) subject to the Company s Stock Option Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Reisner to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during three months from the date of termination. Mr. Reisner may terminate the Reisner Agreement at any time by providing written notice of resignation to the Board of Directors specifying the date of termination (such date being not less than three months after the date of notice). In the event the Reisner Agreement 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 is terminated by Mr. Reisner s resignation, the Company shall pay to Mr. Reisner an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned and payable to Mr. Reisner up to the date of termination, and Mr. Reisner shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, severance, continuation of benefits or any damages whatsoever. The Reisner Agreement will automatically terminate upon the death of Mr. Reisner and, upon such termination, the Company s obligations under the Reisner Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to: (a) pay Mr. Reisner s estate an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Reisner up to the date of termination; (b) pay Mr. Reisner s estate his annual performance Bonus (entitlements) calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; and (c) subject to the Company s Stock Option Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Reisner s estate to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during three months from the date of termination. The Company may terminate the Reisner Agreement at any time as a result of Total Disability (as defined therein) by providing 30 calendar days written notice. In the event of such termination, the Company s obligations under the Reisner Agreement will immediately terminate other than the Company s obligations to (a) pay Mr. Reisner s an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation payable to Mr. Reisner up to the date of termination; (b) pay Mr. Reisner his annual performance Bonus entitlements calculated pro rata for the period up to the date of termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date; (c) subject to provisions of any Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits (as defined therein) are being provided to Mr. Reisner, continue each of Mr. Reisner s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of six months from the date of termination; and (d) subject to the Company s Stock Option Plan and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for Mr. Reisner to exercise any unexercised and fully vested stock options at any time during three months from the date of termination. Based on recommendations provided to the Compensation Committee from GGA, on September 22, 2021 the Reisner Agreement annual salary was amended to US 300,000, which is paid on a monthly basis of CAD 32,750, and Mr. Reisner was awarded 61,584 RSUs which vest as to on-third at the end of each year during the RSU vesting period. On January 26, 2022, Mr. Reisner retired from the Company and the Reisner Agreement was terminated by mutual agreement. Mr. Reisner retired and formally resigned from all positions with the Company effective on January 26, 2022 (the Resignation ). In connection with such Resignation, each of the Company and Mr. Reisner had entered into a termination and mutual release agreement, dated for reference January 26, 2022 (the Effective Date ), pursuant to which, and in consideration of various mutually acceptable agreements and covenants, Mr. Reisner received the following material compensation: (i) a one-time net (of employment taxes) cash payment of CAD 333,552.36; (ii) the immediate vesting, where not otherwise vested, of his then existing Options in and to Company, together with the right to exercise the same for a period of 12 months from the Effective Date; (iii) the issuance of 38,682 common shares of the Company, representing the net (of employment taxes) issuance to Mr. Reisner of his then fully vested RSUs in the Company; and (iv) confirmation that all of his then group benefits in the Company would continue for a period of 12 months from the Effective Date. Michael Paul Rivera On May 17, 2019, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Michael Paul Rivera (the Rivera Agreement ), which is dated for reference effective August 12, 2019. Effective on January 1, 2020 (the Effective Date therein), with an execution date of February 26, 2020, Mr. Rivera and the Company entered into an amending agreement to the Rivera Agreement (the Amended Rivera Agreement ). In accordance with the Amended Rivera Agreement, the Rivera Agreement commenced on the Effective Date and continues until the third anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier, provided that upon the third anniversary date the Rivera Agreement shall be deemed to be automatically extended upon the same terms and conditions. Either party may provide 60 days prior written notice of its intention not to extend the term. Pursuant to the terms of the Rivera Agreement, Mr. Rivera will be employed as the Chief Executive Officer and report to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors ), and shall have the duties, authority and responsibilities as shall be determined by the Board of Directors from time to time. Mr. Rivera will devote substantially all of his business time and attention to the performance of his duties under the Rivera Agreement and will not engage in any business, profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere with the performance of such services either directly or indirectly without consent of the majority of the Board of Directors. During the term of his employment Mr. Rivera will not engage in any Prohibited Activity (as defined in the Rivera Agreement), provided, however, that Mr. Rivera shall be permitted to purchase and 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 own less than 5 of the publicly traded securities of any corporation if such ownership represents a passive investment and Mr. Rivera is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, such corporation. Under the Rivera Agreement the Company will pay Mr. Rivera an annual base salary of 300,000.00 (the Base Salary in periodic installments in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices. Mr. Rivera s Base Salary is subject to increase based on periodic reviews at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Mr. Rivera shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus of not less than 150,000 for fiscal 2020, which will paid by at the sole and absolute discretion of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Rivera will be entitled to participate in all benefit plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time, and including, but not limited to, the following: (a) reimbursements for payments to participate in one U.S. health insurance plan and one U.S. dental plan; and (b) no less than 25 paid vacation during each full fiscal year of Mr. Rivera s employment (pro-rated for any partial year of employment). The Rivera Agreement may be terminated upon either party s failure to renew the Rivera Agreement, by the Company for Cause (as defined therein) or by the Employee without Good Reason (as defined therein). Following any such termination, the Company will have no further obligations under the Rivera Agreement other than the Company s obligations to, within two weeks following a termination date, provide Mr. Rivera with: (a) any accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued but unused vacation; (b) reimbursements for unreimbursed business expenses that are reimbursable in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy; and (c) employee benefits, if any, to which Mr. Rivera may be entitled to under the Company s employee benefit plans as of the date of termination. The Company also has the right to terminate the Rivera Agreement without Cause and Mr. Rivera has the right to terminate the Rivera Agreement for Good Reason. In the event of such termination, Mr. Rivera shall be entitled to receive: (a) all Accrued Amounts (as defined therein); (b) severance pay in equal installments, which are in the aggregate equal to the sum of Mr. Rivera s Base Salary and Target Bonus (as defined therein) for two years from the date of termination of the Rivera Agreement; (c) the Company shall reimburse Mr. Rivera for up to 1,800.00 of the monthly U.S. health insurance premium paid by Mr. Rivera; and (d) the Company shall pay Mr. Rivera an amount equal to the greater of (i) the average STIP (as defined therein) paid to Mr. Rivera for the previous two years and (ii) 80 of Mr. Rivera s target annual STIP for the current fiscal year of the Company if Mr. Rivera has been employed by the Company for less than two years at the date of termination. The Rivera Agreement will automatically terminate upon the death of Mr. Rivera and the Company may terminate the Rivera Agreement on account of Mr. Rivera s Disability (as therein defined). In the event of such termination, Mr. Rivera (or his estate or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts. Notwithstanding any provision of the Rivera Agreement, all payments made in connection with Mr. Rivera s Disability will be provided in a manner consistent with state and federal law. Effective on January 1, 2020, Mr. Rivera and the Company agreed to amend the Rivera Agreement and entered into the Amended Rivera Agreement. Pursuant to the Amended Rivera Agreement, Mr. Rivera will be eligible to participate in any STIP or LTIP (each as defined therein) introduced by the Company from time to time and the terms of such participation shall be determined by the Board of Directors. Mr. Rivera will also be entitled to five weeks paid vacation per calendar year (pro-rated for partial years) in accordance with the Company s vacation policies as in effect from time to time. The Amended Rivera Agreement also provides that Mr. Rivera may provide notice to the Company of any Change In Control of the Company (as defined therein) by providing not less than 45 calendar days notice in writing to the Company after the Change In Control has been effected; provided, however, that the Company will be entitled to carefully review and object to any said Change In Control designation by the Executive within 15 calendar days of said notice; the final determination of which, upon dispute, if any, to be determined by arbitration under California law in Los Angeles, California. Unless otherwise determined by mutual agreement of the parties or by arbitration as provided for therein, within 60 days of the completion of the Change In Control the Company shall be obligated to pay Mr. Rivera a one-time fee in cash in the amount of 3,000,000 whether the Rivera Agreement is otherwise terminated or otherwise at the time of the completion of the Change In Control. In January 2020, Mr. Rivera received a 38,904 bonus payment for fiscal 2019. Based on certain recommendations provided to the Compensation Committee by GGA, on July 20, 2020, the Rivera Agreement annual Base Salary was amended to 370,000 and Mr. Rivera was awarded 209,302 RSUs which vest as to on- third at the end of each year during the RSU vesting period. On November 26, 2020, the Compensation Committee approved a cash bonus to Mr. Rivera of 277,500 for fiscal 2020. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Rivera formally resigned from all positions with the Company and its subsidiaries effective on September 22, 2021 (the Resignation ). In connection with such Resignation, each of the Company and Mr. Rivera had entered into a termination and mutual release agreement, dated for reference September 22, 2021 (the Effective Date ), pursuant to which, and in consideration of various mutually acceptable agreements and covenants, Mr. Rivera received the following material compensation: (i) a one-time net (of employment taxes) cash payment of 1,022,065.11; and (ii) the immediate vesting, where not otherwise vested, of his then existing Options in and to Company, together with the right to exercise the same for a period of two years from the Effective Date. Outstanding Equity Awards Held by Named Executive Officers at Fiscal Year End The following table sets out information on the incentive plan awards held by Named Executive Officers and/or directors as at December 31, 2022: Option Awards Stock Awards Equity Incentive Equity Plan Incentive Awards: Plan Market or Awards: Payout Equity Number Market Number of Value of Incentive of Value of Unearned Unearned Plan Shares or Shares or Shares, Shares, Awards: Units of Units of Units or Units or Number of Number of Number of Stock Stock Other Other Securities Securities Securities That That Rights Rights Underlying Underlying Underlying Option Have Have That That Unexer- Unexer- cised Unexer- cised Exercise Option Not Not Have Not Have Not cised Options Options Unearned Price Expiration Vested Vested Vested Vested Name (#) (exercise- able) (#) (unexer- ciseable) Options (#) ) Date (#) ) ) ) Susan Docherty (1) Nil 3,750,000 Nil 1.11 12/05/2029 1,875,000 1,875,000 1,875,000 600,000 Mark Orsmond (2) 222,223 277,777 Nil 1.50 08/22/2029 Nil Nil Nil Nil Kim Brink (3) 351,391 198,609 Nil 1.91 01/26/2029 Nil Nil Nil Nil Kevin Pavlov (4) 1,500,000 Nil Nil 4.15 12/05/2024 50,000 Nil Nil 3.77 12/05/2024 Nil Nil Nil Nil Bal Bhullar (5) 1,100,000 Nil Nil 1.91 07/27/2024 Nil Nil Nil Nil 400,000 Nil Nil 3.40 07/27/2024 Dean Anthony Dent (6) Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Joseph Mitchell (7) Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Isaac Moss (8) 750,000 Nil 1.91 04/30/2025 Nil Nil Nil Nil 250,000 Nil Nil 3.40 04/30/2025 Henry Reisner (9) Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Notes: (1) Ms. Docherty was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and interim Chief Operating Officer of our Company on December 5, 2022 and then appointed a director on December 19, 2022 (2) Mr. Orsmond was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of our Company on August 22, 2022. (3) Ms. Brink was appointed as Chief Revenue Officer of our Company on January 24, 2022. (4) Mr. Pavlov was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of our Company on May 1, 2021 and then appointed the Chief Executive Officer and director of our Company on September 21, 2021. He was appointed President of our Company on January 27, 2022. Mr. Pavlov resigned from all positions with the Company on December 5, 2022. (5) Ms. Bhullar was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of our Company on November 19, 2018, and as a director of our Company on December 6, 2019. Ms. Bhullar resigned as Chief Financial Officer and a director and was appointed Chief Compliance Officer of our Company on August 22, 2022, and Ms. Bhullar resigned from her position with the Company on December 31, 2022. (6) Mr. Dent was appointed General Counsel on August 15, 2022 and then appointed Corporate Secretary on September 22, 2022. Mr. Dent resigned from all positions with the Company on February 3, 2023. (7) Mr. Mitchell was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of our Company on April 1, 2022 and resigned from the Company on November 22, 2022. (8) Mr. Moss was appointed Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary of our Company on May 15, 2018. Mr. Moss resigned from his positions with the Company on September 22, 2022. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 (9) Mr. Reisner was appointed as President and Chief Operating Officer of our Company on May 15, 2018 and then, on May 1, 2021, Mr. Reisner s position was changed to Executive Vice-President. Mr. Reisner retired from his positions with the Company on January 27, 2022. 
 Pension Plan Benefits We have no pension plans that provide for payments or benefits at, following or in connection with retirement. Director Compensation Structure Overview The Board s total compensation consists of a retainer (which differs between the Board Chair, Vice Chair and members) and a DSU grant. There are additional cash payments for the chair of a committee and committee member. Process for Determining Director Compensation The below chart outlines the process and timeline of the Compensation Committee s process for determining independent director compensation. For the below chart we will demonstrate the exercise for setting the 2022 compensation. 

Process for Setting Executive Compensation Timeline Task Desired Outcome Individuals Involved End of Q3 2021 Commence annual kick-off compensation review by discussing potential Peer Benchmarking Group Provide clear direction to Independent Compensation Consultant on the type of Peer Companies to use for Benchmarking Compensation Chair CEO HR Independent Compensation Consultant Start of Q4 2021 Review proposed Peer Benchmarking Group Finalize proposed list of Peer Benchmarking Group Compensation Chair CEO HR Independent Compensation Consultant Q4 2021 Compensation Meeting Approve proposed Peer Benchmarking Group Discuss, review, and approve the proposed Peer Benchmarking Group Compensation Committee Legal (conducting meeting minutes) HR Independent Compensation Consultant (for presentation and walk through of information for the Committee) Q4 2021 Board Meeting Approve proposed Peer Benchmarking Group Review and approve compensation committee recommendation. Board of Directors Legal (conducting meeting minutes) Q1 2022 Receive proposed from Peer Benchmarking Group Independent Compensation Consultant delivers a proposed compensation report for NEO compensation. Compensation Chair CEO HR Independent Compensation Consultant Q1 2022 Compensation Committee Approve proposed compensation ranges Discuss, review, and approve the proposed Peer Benchmarking Group compensation ranges and recommendations for Director compensation. Compensation Committee Legal (conducting meeting minutes) HR Independent Compensation Consultant (for presentation and walk through of information for the Committee) Q1 2022 Board Meeting Approve proposed 2022 Director Compensation Review and approve compensation committee recommendation. Board of Directors Legal (conducting meeting minutes) 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation Mix Recommendation for Independent Directors GGA, the Company s independent compensation consultant, has made recommendations on appropriate compensation mix between cash retainers and equity. In their recommendation they provide a recommended cash retainer amount and a recommended equity value which when added together equals the total compensation (cash + equity) for the directors. The recommendation sets out a lower cash retainer with a higher equity value. After careful consideration and discussion the Compensation Committee has made the decision to allow each director to allocate their own compensation mix using the total compensation value resulting in varying retainer payment amounts as outlined in the Director Compensation section. Below is the table with the recommended compensation mix from GGA. 

Proposed Total Position Proposed Cash Retainer Proposed Equity Value Compensation Board Chair 50,000 120,000 170,000 Vice Chair (1) Board Member 40,000 80,000 120,000 Note: (1) There was no formal third-party recommendation for the Vice Chair. Compensation determination was made during the October Compensation Committee meeting. The value was determined based on the compensation of the Board Chair. 
 Compensation Mix as Determined by Directors The below target compensation mix, as determined by the directors individually, is accurate as of December 31, 2022. These do not reflect the actual take-home compensation; the following section provides director compensation annualized. 

Cash Retainer Equity Cash Retainer Equity Expected Total Board Member of mix) of mix) ) (DSU Value) Compensation Steven Sanders (Chairman) 75 25 135,000 45,000 180,000 Mike Richardson (Vice Chair) (1) 75 25 90,000 30,000 120,000 Jerry Kroll 75 25 90,000 30,000 120,000 Luisa Ingargiola 75 25 97,500 32,500 130,000 Joanna Yan 75 25 90,000 30,000 120,000 Dave Shemmans 75 25 99,000 33,000 132,000 Bill Quigley 70 30 84,000 36,000 120,000 Dietmar Ostermann 100 0 120,000 120,000 Total 805,500 236,500 1,042,000 Note: (1) The Vice Chair position was created in the Q4 of 2022. The compensation mix represented for Mr. Richardson is that of a regular member of the Board of Directors. 

 111 

Table of Contents 
 Director Compensation The following table sets forth information relating to the actual compensation paid to our non-executive directors for Fiscal 2022: 

Fees Nonqualified earned or Non-equity deferred paid in Stock Option incentive plan compensation All other cash awards awards compensation earnings compensation Total Name ) ) ) (1) ) ) ) ) Steven Sanders 135,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 135,000 Jerry Kroll 90,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 90,000 Luisa Ingargiola 105,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 105,000 David Shemmans 99,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 99,000 Michael Richardson 90,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 90,000 Bill Quigley 60,641 36,002 Nil Nil Nil Nil 96,643 Dietmar Ostermann 52,356 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 52,356 Joanne Yan 97,500 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 97,500 Notes: (1) Option-based awards represent the fair value of Options granted and awarded in the year under our Stock Incentive Plan. The fair value of Options granted is calculated as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following weighted average assumptions: 

Year ended December 31, Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Expected life of options 3.85-5 years 4-5 years Annualized volatility 61 -123.7 61 -62.29 Risk-free interest rate 1.75 -4.23 0.34 -1.4 Dividend rate 0 0 We reimburse out-of-pocket costs that are incurred by the directors. Stock Ownership Requirements There are currently no minimum stock ownership requirements set for the directors. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common share as of April 12, 2023 by: (a) each stockholder who is known to us to own beneficially 5 or more of our outstanding common share; (b) all directors; (c) our executive officers; and (d) all executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all persons listed below have 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 (i) sole voting power and investment power with respect to their common shares, except to the extent that authority is shared by spouses under applicable law, and (ii) record and beneficial ownership with respect to their common shares. 

Amount Percentage of and Nature Common of Shares Beneficial Beneficially Name Ownership (1) Owned (2) Directors and Executive Officers: Susan Docherty , CEO, Interim Chief Operating Officer and a director nil nil Mark Orsmond (3) , CFO 277,779 Kim Brink (4) , CRO 412,503 Michael Bridge , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary nil nil Steven Sanders (5) , Chairman and a director 371,149 Jerry Kroll (6) , a director 7,554,693 6.3 Joanne Yan (7) , a director 445,895 Luisa Ingargiola (8) , a director 286,285 Dave Shemmans (9) , a director 9,678 Michael Richardson (10) , a director 9,375 William G. Quigley (11) , a director 18,275 Dietmar Ostermann , a director nil nil Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (Twelve Persons) (12) 9,385,632 7.7 Other 5 or more Shareholders: N/A Notes: Less than 1 . (1) Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or common shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of common shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of common shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the common shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of common shares actually outstanding on April 12, 2023. (2) The percentage is calculated based on 119,287,917 common shares that were outstanding as of April 12, 2023. (3) Shares beneficially owned consists of (i) stock options to purchase 250,001 common shares which have vested and (ii) stock options to purchase 27,778 common shares which will vest within 60 days of April 12, 2023. (4) Shares beneficially owned consists of (i) stock options to purchase 381,947 common shares which have vested and (ii) stock options to purchase 30,556 common shares which will vest within 60 days of April 12, 2023. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 (5) Shares beneficially owned consists of (i) stock options to purchase 345,000 common shares which have vested and (ii) 26,149 vested DSUs. (6) Shares beneficially owned consists of (i) 5,147,728 common shares held by Jerry Kroll, (ii) 1,138,167 common shares registered to Ascend Sportsmanagement Inc. (over which Mr. Kroll has discretionary voting and investment authority), (iii) stock options to purchase 1,260,000 shares of our common stock which have vested and (iv) 8,798 vested DSUs. (7) Shares beneficially owned consists of (i) 75,000 common shares registered directly to Joanne Yan, (ii) stock options to purchase 350,000 shares of our common stock which have vested and (iii) 20,895 vested DSUs. (8) Shares beneficially owned consists of (i) 42,224 common shares registered directly to Luisa Ingargiola, (ii) stock options to purchase 225,000 shares of our common share which have vested and (iii) 19,061 vested DSUs. (9) Shares beneficially owned consists of 9,678 vested DSUs. (10) Shares beneficially owned consists of 9,375 vested DSUs. (11) Shares beneficially owned consists of 18,275 vested DSUs. (12) Shares beneficially owned consists of (i) 6,403,119 common shares, (ii) stock options to purchase 2,870,282 common shares which have vested or will vest within today days of April 12, 2023 and (iii) 112,231 vested DSUs. 
 The information as to shares beneficially owned, not being within our knowledge, has been furnished by the officers and directors. As at April 12, 2023, there were 290 holders of record of our common shares. Changes in Control We are unaware of any contract, or other arrangement or provision, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our Company. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The following table sets forth, as at December 31, 2022, the equity compensation plans pursuant to which equity securities of the Company may be issued: 

Number of securities remaining available for Number of securities to be future issuance under equity issued upon exercise of Weighted-average exercise compensation plans outstanding options, price of outstanding options, (excluding securities warrants, rights warrants and rights reflected in column (a)) Plan category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 16,724,458 2.73 6,436,406 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A N/A Total 16,724,458 6,436,406 On May 29, 2020, with the prior recommendations from GGA, the Board of Directors passed a resolution to adopt our Stock Incentive Plan, subject to, and effective upon, the approval of shareholders. The Stock Incentive Plan provides flexibility to the Company to grant equity-based incentive awards (each, an Award in the form of stock options (each, an Option ), RSUs, preferred shared units PSUs and DSUs, as described in further detail below. The Stock Incentive Plan was approved by Company shareholders on July 9, 2020 and, accordingly, all future grants of equity-based Awards will be made pursuant to, or as otherwise permitted by, the Stock Incentive Plan, and no further equity-based awards will be made pursuant to the Company s prior Stock Option Plan. The purpose of the Stock Incentive Plan is to, among other things, provide the Company with a share-related mechanism to attract, retain and motivate qualified directors, employees and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries, to reward such of those directors, employees and consultants as may be granted awards under the Stock Incentive Plan by the Board of Directors from time to time for their contributions toward the long-term goals and success of the Company, and to enable and encourage such directors, employees and consultants to acquire Common Shares as long-term investments and proprietary interests in the Company. A summary of the key terms of the Stock Incentive Plan is set out below, which is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 Shares Subject to the Stock Incentive Plan The Stock Incentive Plan is a fixed number share plan which provides that the aggregate maximum number of common shares (each, a Common Share that may be issued upon the exercise or settlement of Awards granted under it shall not exceed 30,000,000 Common Shares, subject to the adjustment provisions provided for therein (including those that apply in the event of a subdivision or consolidation of Common Shares). Such maximum number of Common Shares consists of (i) 12,850,917 Common Shares issuable pursuant to Awards previously granted and that remain outstanding under the Company s Stock Option Plan, which Awards will be covered by the Stock Incentive Plan upon its ratification by the shareholders, and (ii) 17,149,083 additional Common Shares that may be issued pursuant to Awards to be granted under the Stock Incentive Plan. Administration of the Stock Incentive Plan The Stock Incentive Plan designates the Board of Directors as the initial Plan Administrator (as defined in the Stock Incentive Plan), subject to the ability of the Board of Directors to delegate from time to time all or any of the powers conferred on the Plan Administrator to a committee of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has resolved to delegate all powers of administration of the Stock Incentive Plan to the Compensation Committee. The Plan Administrator determines which directors, officers, consultants and employees are eligible to receive Awards under the Stock Incentive Plan, the time or times at which Awards may be granted, the conditions under which awards may be granted or forfeited to the Company, the number of Common Shares to be covered by any Award, the exercise price of any Award, whether restrictions or limitations are to be imposed on the Common Shares issuable pursuant to grants of any Award, and the nature of any such restrictions or limitations, any acceleration of exercisability or vesting, or waiver of termination regarding any Award, based on such factors as the Plan Administrator may determine. In addition, the Plan Administrator interprets the Stock Incentive Plan and may adopt guidelines and other rules and regulations relating to the Stock Incentive Plan, and make all other determinations and take all other actions necessary or advisable for the implementation and administration of the Stock Incentive Plan. Eligibility All directors, employees and consultants are eligible to participate in the Stock Incentive Plan. The extent to which any such individual is entitled to receive a grant of an Award pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan will be determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the Plan Administrator. Types of Awards Awards of Options, RSUs, PSUs and DSUs may be made under the Stock Incentive Plan. All of the Awards described below are subject to the conditions, limitations, restrictions, exercise price, vesting, settlement and forfeiture provisions determined by the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, subject to such limitations provided in the Stock Incentive Plan, and will generally be evidenced by an Award agreement. In addition, subject to the limitations provided in the Stock Incentive Plan and in accordance with applicable law, the Plan Administrator may accelerate or defer the vesting or payment of Awards, cancel or modify outstanding Awards and waive any condition imposed with respect to Awards or Common Shares issued pursuant to Awards. Options An Option entitles a holder thereof to purchase a prescribed number of treasury Common Shares at an exercise price set at the time of the grant. The Plan Administrator will establish the exercise price at the time each Option is granted, which exercise price must in all cases be not less than the volume weighted average closing price of the Common Shares on Nasdaq for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant (the Market Price on the date of grant. Subject to any accelerated termination as set forth in the Stock Incentive Plan, each Option expires on its respective expiry date. The Plan Administrator will have the authority to determine the vesting terms applicable to grants of Options. Once an Option becomes vested, it shall remain vested and shall be exercisable until expiration or termination of the Option, unless otherwise specified by the Plan Administrator, or as otherwise set forth in any written employment agreement, Award agreement or other written agreement between the Company or a subsidiary of the Company and the participant. The Plan Administrator has the right to accelerate the date upon which any Option becomes exercisable. The Plan Administrator may provide 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 at the time of granting an Option that the exercise of that Option is subject to restrictions, in addition to those specified in the Stock Incentive Plan, such as vesting conditions relating to the attainment of specified performance goals. Unless otherwise specified by the Plan Administrator at the time of granting an Option and set forth in the particular Award agreement, an exercise notice must be accompanied by payment of the exercise price. A participant may, in lieu of exercising an Option pursuant to an exercise notice, elect to surrender such Option to the Company (a Cashless Exercise in consideration for an amount from the Company equal to (i) the Market Price of the Common Shares issuable on the exercise of such Option (or portion thereof) as of the date such Option (or portion thereof) is exercised, less ) the aggregate exercise price of the Option (or portion thereof) surrendered relating to such Common Shares (the In-the-Money Amount by written notice to the Company indicating the number of Options such participant wishes to exercise using the Cashless Exercise, and such other information that the Company may require. Subject to the provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan, the Company will satisfy payment of the In-the-Money Amount by delivering to the participant such number of Common Shares having a fair market value equal to the In-the-Money Amount. Restricted Share Units A RSU is a unit equivalent in value to a Common Share credited by means of a bookkeeping entry in the books of the Company which entitles the holder to receive one Common Share (or the value thereof) for each RSU after a specified vesting period. The Plan Administrator may, from time to time, subject to the provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan and such other terms and conditions as the Plan Administrator may prescribe, grant RSUs to any participant in respect of a bonus or similar payment in respect of services rendered by the applicable participant in a taxation year. The number of RSUs (including fractional RSUs) granted at any particular time under the Stock Incentive Plan will be calculated by dividing: (a) the amount that is to be paid in RSUs, as determined by the Plan Administrator; by (b) the greater of (i) the Market Price of a Common Share on the date of grant and (ii) such amount as determined by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion. The Plan Administrator shall have the authority to determine the settlement and any vesting terms applicable to the grant of RSUs, provided that the terms applicable to RSUs granted to U.S. taxpayers comply with Section 409A of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), to the extent applicable. Upon settlement, holders will redeem each vested RSU for one fully paid and non-assessable Common Share in respect of each vested RSU. Performance Share Units A performance share unit (each a PSU is a unit equivalent in value to a Common Share credited by means of a bookkeeping entry in the books of the Company which entitles the holder to receive one Common Share for each PSU after specific performance-based vesting criteria determined by the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, have been satisfied. The Plan Administrator may, from time to time, subject to the provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan and such other terms and conditions as the Plan Administrator may prescribe, grant PSUs to any participant in respect of services rendered by the applicable participant in a taxation year. The performance goals to be achieved during any performance period, the length of any performance period, the amount of any PSUs granted, the effect of termination of a participant s service and the settlement terms pursuant to any PSU will be determined by the Plan Administrator and by the other terms and conditions of any PSU, all as set forth in the applicable Award agreement. The Plan Administrator shall have the authority to determine the settlement and any vesting terms applicable to the grant of PSUs, provided that the terms applicable to PSUs granted to U.S. taxpayers comply with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable. Upon settlement, holders will redeem each vested PSU for one fully paid and non-assessable Common Share in respect of each vested PSU. Deferred Share Units A DSU is a unit equivalent in value to a Common Share credited by means of a bookkeeping entry in the books of the Company which entitles the holder to receive one Common Share (or, at the election of the holder and subject to the approval of the Plan Administrator, the cash value thereof) for each DSU on a future date. The Board of Directors may fix from time to time a portion of the total compensation (including annual retainer) paid by the Company to a director in a calendar year for service on the Board of Directors (the 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Director Fees that are to be payable in the form of DSUs. In addition, each director is given, subject to the provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan, the right to elect to receive a portion of the cash Director Fees owing to them in the form of DSUs. Except as otherwise determined by the Plan Administrator or as set forth in the particular Award agreement, DSUs shall vest immediately upon grant. The number of DSUs (including fractional DSUs) granted at any particular time will be calculated by dividing: (a) the amount of director fees that are to be paid in DSUs, as determined by the Plan Administrator; by (b) the Market Price of a Common Share on the date of grant. Upon settlement, holders will redeem each vested DSU for: (a) one fully paid and non-assessable Common Share issued from treasury in respect of each vested DSU, or (b) at the election of the holder and subject to the approval of the Plan Administrator, a cash payment on the date of settlement. Any cash payments made under the Stock Incentive Plan by the Company to a participant in respect of DSUs to be redeemed for cash shall be calculated by multiplying the number of DSUs to be redeemed for cash by the Market Price per Common Share as at the settlement date. Dividend Equivalents Except as otherwise determined by the Plan Administrator or as set forth in the particular Award agreement, RSUs, PSUs and DSUs shall be credited with dividend equivalents in the form of additional RSUs, PSUs and DSUs, as applicable, as of each dividend payment date in respect of which normal cash dividends are paid on Common Shares. Dividend equivalents shall vest in proportion to, and settle in the same manner as, the Awards to which they relate. Such dividend equivalents shall be computed by dividing: (a) the amount obtained by multiplying the amount of the dividend declared and paid per Common Share by the number of RSUs, PSUs and DSUs, as applicable, held by the participant on the record date for the payment of such dividend; by (b) the Market Price at the close of the first business day immediately following the dividend record date, with fractions computed to three decimal places. Black-out Periods In the event an Award expires, at a time when a scheduled blackout is in place or an undisclosed material change or material fact in the affairs of the Company exists, the expiry of such Award will be the date that is ten business days after which such scheduled blackout terminates or there is no longer such undisclosed material change or material fact. Term While the Stock Incentive Plan does not stipulate a specific term for Awards granted thereunder, as discussed below, Awards may not expire beyond 10 years from its date of grant, except where shareholder approval is received or where an expiry date would have fallen within a blackout period of the Company. All Awards must vest and settle in accordance with the provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan and any applicable Award agreement, and which Award agreement may include an expiry date for a specific Award. Termination of Employment or Services The following describes the impact of certain events upon the participants under the Stock Incentive Plan, including termination for cause, resignation, termination without cause, disability, death or retirement, subject, in each case, to the terms of a participant s applicable employment agreement, Award agreement or other written agreement: (a) Termination for Cause or upon Termination: Any Option or other Award held by the participant that has not been exercised, surrendered or settled as of the Termination Date (as defined in the Stock Incentive Plan) shall be immediately forfeited and cancelled as of the Termination Date. (b) Termination without Cause: A portion of any unvested Options or other Awards shall immediately vest, such portion to be equal to the number of unvested Options or other Awards held by the participant as of the Termination Date multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days between the date of grant and the Termination Date and the denominator of which is the number of days between the date of grant and the date any unvested Options or other Awards were originally scheduled to vest. Any vested Options may be exercised by the participant at any time during the period that terminates on the earlier of: (a) the expiry date of such Option; and (b) the date that is 90 days after the Termination Date. If an Option remains unexercised upon the earlier of (a) or (b), the Option shall be immediately forfeited and cancelled for no consideration upon the termination of such period. In the case of a vested Award other than an Option, such Award will be settled within 90 days after the Termination Date. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 (c) Disability: A portion of any unvested Options or other Awards shall immediately vest, such portion to be equal to the number of unvested Options or other Awards held by the participant as of the Termination Date multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days between the date of grant and the Termination Date and the denominator of which is the number of days between the date of grant and the date any unvested Options or other Awards were originally scheduled to vest. Any vested Option may be exercised by the participant at any time until the Expiry Date of such Option. Any vested Option may be exercised by the participant at any time until the expiry date of such Option. Any vested Award other than an Option will be settled within 90 days after the Termination Date. (d) Death: A portion of any unvested Options or other Awards shall immediately vest, such portion to be equal to the number of unvested Options or other Awards held by the participant as of the Termination Date multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days between the date of grant and the Termination Date and the denominator of which is the number of days between the date of grant and the date any unvested Options or other Awards were originally scheduled to vest. Any vested Option may be exercised by the participant s beneficiary or legal representative (as applicable) at any time during the period that terminates on the earlier of: (a) the expiry date of such Option; and (b) the first anniversary of the date of the death of such participant. If an Option remains unexercised upon the earlier of (a) or (b), the Option shall be immediately forfeited and cancelled for no consideration upon the termination of such period. In the case of a vested Award other than an Option, such Award will be settled with the participant s beneficiary or legal representative (as applicable) within 90 days after the date of the Participant s death. (e) Retirement: A portion of any unvested Options or other Awards shall immediately vest, such portion to be equal to the number of unvested Options or other Awards held by the participant as of the Termination Date multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days between the date of grant and the Termination Date and the denominator of which is the number of days between the date of grant and the date any unvested Options or other Awards were originally scheduled to vest. Any vested Option may be exercised by the participant at any time during the period that terminates on the earlier of: (a) the expiry date of such Option; and (b) the third anniversary of the participant s date of retirement. If an Option remains unexercised upon the earlier of (a) or (b), the Option shall be immediately forfeited and cancelled for no consideration upon the termination of such period. In the case of a vested Award other than an Option, such Award will be settled within 90 days after the participant s retirement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following his or her retirement, the participant commences on the Commencement Date (as defined in the Stock Incentive Plan) employment, consulting or acting as a director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (or in an analogous capacity) or otherwise as a service provider to any person that carries on or proposes to carry on a business competitive with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any Option or other Award held by the participant that has not been exercised or settled as of the Commencement Date shall be immediately forfeited and cancelled as of the Commencement Date. 
 Change in Control Under the Stock Incentive Plan, except as may be set forth in an employment agreement, Award agreement or other written agreement between the Company or a subsidiary of the Company and a participant: (a) the Plan Administrator may, without the consent of any participant, take such steps as it deems necessary or desirable, including to cause: (i) the conversion or exchange of any outstanding Awards into or for rights or other securities of substantially equivalent value, as determined by the Plan Administrator in its discretion, in any entity participating in or resulting from a Change in Control (as defined below); (ii) outstanding Awards to vest and become exercisable, realizable or payable, or restrictions applicable to an Award to lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon consummation of a Change in Control, and, to the extent the Plan Administrator determines, terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such Change in Control; (iii) the termination of an Award in exchange for an amount of cash and/or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise or settlement of such Award or realization of the participant s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction; (iv) the replacement of such Award with other rights or property selected by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion where such replacement would not adversely affect the holder; or (v) any combination of the foregoing; provided that: (A) in taking any of the foregoing actions), the Plan Administrator will not be required to treat all Awards similarly in the transaction; and (B) in the case of Options, RSUs and PSUs held by a Canadian taxpayer, the Plan Administrator may not cause the Canadian taxpayer to receive any property in connection with a Change in Control other than rights to acquire shares of a corporation or units of a mutual fund trust (as defined in the Income Tax Act (Canada)(the Tax Act of the Company or a qualifying person (as defined in the Tax Act) that does not deal at arm s length (for purposes of the Tax Act) with the Company, as applicable, at the time such rights are issued or granted; 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 (b) if within 12 months following the completion of a transaction resulting in a Change in Control (as defined below), a participant s employment, consultancy or directorship is terminated by the Company or a subsidiary of the Company without Cause (as defined in the Stock Incentive Plan), without any action by the Plan Administrator; (c) any unvested Awards held by the participant at the Termination Date shall immediately vest; and (d) any vested Awards may be exercised, surrendered to the Company, or settled by the participant at any time during the period that terminates on the earlier of: (i) the expiry date of such Award; and (ii) the date that is 90 days after the Termination Date. Any Award that has not been exercised, surrendered or settled at the end of such period being immediately forfeited and cancelled; and (e) unless otherwise determined by the Plan Administrator, if, as a result of a Change in Control, the Common Shares will cease trading on Nasdaq, the Company may terminate all of the Awards (other than an Option, RSU or PSU held by a participant that is a resident of Canada for the purposes of the Tax Act) at the time of and subject to the completion of the Change in Control transaction by paying to each holder at or within a reasonable period of time following completion of such Change in Control transaction an amount for each Award equal to the fair market value of the Award held by such participant as determined by the Plan Administrator, acting reasonably, provided that any vested Awards granted to U.S. taxpayers will be settled within 90 days of the Change in Control. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, a Change in Control includes: (i) any transaction pursuant to which a person or group acquires more than 50 of the outstanding Common Shares; (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; (iii) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company; (iv) the acquisition of the Company via consolidation, merger, exchange of securities, purchase of assets, amalgamation, statutory arrangement or otherwise; (v) individuals who comprise the Board of Directors at the last annual meeting of shareholders (the Incumbent Board cease to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors, unless the election, or nomination for election by the shareholders, of any new director was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Board, in which case such new director shall be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board; or (vi) any other event which the Board of Directors determines to constitute a change in control of the Company. Non-Transferability of Awards Except as permitted by the Plan Administrator and to the extent that certain rights may pass to a beneficiary or legal representative upon death of a participant, by will or as required by law, no assignment or transfer of Awards, whether voluntary, involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise, vests any interest or right in such Awards whatsoever in any assignee or transferee and immediately upon any assignment or transfer, or any attempt to make the same, such Awards will terminate and be of no further force or effect. To the extent that certain rights to exercise any portion of an outstanding Award pass to a beneficiary or legal representative upon the death of a participant, the period in which such Award can be exercised by such beneficiary or legal representative shall not exceed one year from the participant s death. Amendments to the Stock Incentive Plan The Plan Administrator may also from time to time, without notice and without approval of the holders of voting Common Shares, amend, modify, change, suspend or terminate the Stock Incentive Plan or any Awards granted pursuant thereto as it, in its discretion, determines appropriate, provided that: (a) no such amendment, modification, change, suspension or termination of the Stock Incentive Plan or any Award granted pursuant thereto may materially impair any rights of a participant or materially increase any obligations of a participant under the Stock Incentive Plan without the consent of such participant, unless the Plan Administrator determines such adjustment is required or desirable in order to comply with any applicable securities laws or stock exchange requirements; and (b) any amendment that would cause an Award held by a U.S. Taxpayer to be subject to the income inclusion under Section 409A of the Code shall be null and void ab initio. Notwithstanding the above, and subject to the Nasdaq Listing Rules, the approval of shareholders is required to effect any of the following amendments to the Stock Incentive Plan: (a) increasing the number of Common Shares reserved for issuance under the Stock Incentive Plan, except pursuant to the provisions in the Stock Incentive Plan which permit the Plan Administrator to make equitable adjustments in the event of transactions affecting the Company or its capital; 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 (b) reducing the exercise price of an option Award (for this purpose, a cancellation or termination of an Award of a participant prior to its expiry date for the purpose of reissuing an Award to the same participant with a lower exercise price shall be treated as an amendment to reduce the exercise price of an Award) except pursuant to the provisions in the Stock Incentive Plan which permit the Plan Administrator to make equitable adjustments in the event of transactions affecting the Company or its capital; (c) extending the term of an Option Award beyond the original expiry date (except where an expiry date would have fallen within a blackout period applicable to the participant or within ten business days following the expiry of such a blackout period); (d) permitting an Option Award to be exercisable beyond ten years from its date of grant (except where an expiry date would have fallen within a blackout period); (e) increasing or removing the limits on the participation of directors; (f) permitting Awards to be transferred to a person; (g) changing the eligible participants; and (h) deleting or reducing the range of amendments which require approval of the shareholders. 
 Except for the items listed above, amendments to the Stock Incentive Plan will not require shareholder approval. Such amendments include (but are not limited to): (a) amending the general vesting provisions of an Award; (b) amending the provisions for early termination of Awards in connection with a termination of employment or service; (c) adding covenants of the Company for the protection of the participants; (d) amendments that are desirable as a result of changes in law in any jurisdiction where a participant resides; and (e) curing or correcting any ambiguity or defect or inconsistent provision or clerical omission or mistake or manifest error. The foregoing summary of the Stock Incentive Plan is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Stock Incentive Plan, which was filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form S-8 filed with the SEC on October 5, 2020. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Except as described herein, none of the following parties (each a Related Party has had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction with us or in any presently proposed transaction that has or will materially affect us: any of our directors or officers; any person proposed as a nominee for election as a director; any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 10 of the voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock; or any member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in- laws) of any of the above persons. Susan Docherty On December 5, 2022, we entered into the Docherty Agreement with Ms. Docherty which provides for an annual salary of 650,000, which is paid on a monthly basis of 54,167. Ms. Docherty was granted three separate non-qualified stock options under the Stock Incentive Plan to purchase 3,750,000 common shares of the Company in the aggregate, with each such Sign-On Option having an exercise price of 1.11 subject to the following, vesting in three equal annual installments from the grant date. The first Sign-On Option covers 2,000,000 common shares and be subject only to the Vesting. The second Sign-On Option covers 1,000,000 common shares and, subject to the Vesting, shall not be exercisable until such time as the Company s 30-day volume average trading price on Nasdaq is 2.50 or greater. The third Sign-On Option covers 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 750,000 common shares and, subject to the Vesting, shall not be exercisable until such time as the Company s 30-day volume average trading price on Nasdaq is 5.00 or greater. Ms. Docherty was granted restricted stock units under the Stock Incentive Plan covering 1,000,000 common shares of the Company which will vest in three equal annual installments from the date of grant. Ms. Docherty was granted performance stock units under the Stock Incentive Plan covering 875,000 common shares of the Company which will vest as follows: (i) 437,500 will vest on the first date on which the average of the volume weighted average price per common share of the Company during any 30 day consecutive trading days 30-Day VWAP equals or exceeds 5.00; (ii) 218,750 will vest on the first day on which the 30-Day VWAP of the common shares of the Company equals or exceeds 6.00; and (iii) the final 218,750 will vest on the first day on which the Company s 30-Day VWAP equals or exceeds 7.00. Mark Orsmond On August 22, 2022, we entered into the Orsmond Agreement with Mr. Orsmond which provided for a monthly base salary of CAD 40,373 and an Option grant of 500,000 at an exercise price of 1.50 per common share. One-third of the Option vested on the grant date and balance vests monthly over a 36-month period. On February 9, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved a cash bonus to Mr. Orsmond of US 100,000 for fiscal 2022. Kim Brink On January 24, 2022, we entered into the Brink Agreement with Ms. Brink which provides for an annual salary of 340,000, which is paid on a monthly basis of 28,333, and Option grant of 550,000 stock options at an exercise price of 1.91 per common share. One-third of the Option vested on the grant date and balance vests monthly over a 24-month period. On February 2023, the Compensation Committee approved a cash bonus to Ms. Brink of US 250,000 for fiscal 2022. Kevin Pavlov Based on the independent report produced by GGA, on April 1, 2022, the Pavlov Agreement annual salary was amended to 500,000.00, which is paid on a monthly basis of 41,667. Mr. Pavlov resigned from all positions with the Company and its subsidiaries effective on December 5, 2022 (the Resignation ). In connection with such Resignation, each of the Company and Mr. Pavlov entered into a termination and mutual release agreement, dated for reference December 2, 2022 but effective on December 5, 2022 (the Effective Date ), pursuant to which, and in consideration of various mutually acceptable agreements and covenants, Mr. Pavlov received the following material compensation: (i) a one-time net (of employment taxes) cash payment of 438,939.51; (ii) the immediate vesting, where not otherwise vested, of his then existing Options in and to Company, together with the right to exercise the same for a period of two years from the Effective Date; and (iii) the issuance of 168,470 common shares of the Company, at a deemed market value issuance price of 1.11 per common share, representing the net (of employment taxes) issuance to Mr. Pavlov of his then fully vested RSUs in the Company. Joseph Mitchell On April 1, 2022, we entered into the Mitchell Agreement with Mr. Mitchell which provided for an annual salary of 375,000, which is paid on a monthly base salary of 31,250 and an Option grant of 500,000 at an exercise price of 2.20 per common share. One-third of the Option vested on the grant date and balance vests monthly over a 36 month period. Mr. Mitchell resigned from his position with the Company effective on November 25. In connection with such Resignation, each of the Company and Mr. Mitchell entered into a termination and mutual release agreement, dated for reference November 25, 2022, pursuant to which, and in consideration of various mutually acceptable agreements and covenants, Mr. Mitchell received net (of employment taxes) cash payments totaling 316,560.88. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 Bal Bhullar Based on the recommendation provided to the Compensation Committee from GGA, on September 22, 2021 the Bhullar Agreement annual salary was amended to 365,000, which is paid on a monthly basis of CAD 39,486. There was no change in annual salary in 2022. Ms. Bhullar formally resigned from all positions with the Company and its subsidiaries effective on December 5, 2022. In connection with such Resignation, each of the Company and Ms. Bhullar had entered into a termination and mutual release agreement, dated for reference July 27, 2022 but effective on December 31, 2022, pursuant to which, and in consideration of various mutually acceptable agreements and covenants, Ms. Bhullar received the following material compensation: (i) a one-time net (of employment taxes) cash payment of CAD 437,358.41; (ii) the immediate vesting, where not otherwise vested, of her then existing Options in and to Company, together with the right to exercise the same for a period of two years from the Effective Date; (iii) the issuance of 91,242 common shares of the Company, at a deemed market value issuance price of 1.37 per common share, representing the net (of employment taxes) issuance to Ms. Bhullar of her then fully vested RSUs in the Company; and (iv) confirmation that all of her then group benefits in the Company would continue for a period of 12 months from the Effective Date. Isaac Moss Based on the recommendation provided to the Compensation Committee from GGA, on September 22, 2021 the Moss Agreement annual salary was amended to US 300,000, which is paid on a monthly basis of CAD 32,750. There was no change in annual salary in 2022. Mr. Moss formally resigned from all positions with the Company effective on December 5, 2022. In connection with such Resignation, each of the Company and Mr. Moss had entered into a termination and mutual release agreement, dated for reference September 22, 2022 but effective on October 31, 2022, pursuant to which, and in consideration of various mutually acceptable agreements and covenants, Mr. Moss received the following material compensation: (i) a one-time net (of employment taxes) cash payment of CAD 423,007.27; and (ii) the immediate vesting, where not otherwise vested, of his then existing Options in and to Company, together with the right to exercise the same for a period of two and one-half years from the Effective Date. Henry Reisner Based on recommendations provided to the Compensation Committee from GGA, on September 22, 2021 the Reisner Agreement annual salary was amended to US 300,000, which is paid on a monthly basis of CAD 32,750. There was no change in annual salary in 2022. On January 26, 2022, Mr. Reisner retired from the Company and the Reisner Agreement was terminated by mutual agreement. Each of the Company and Mr. Reisner had entered into a termination and mutual release agreement, dated for reference January 26, 2022, pursuant to which, and in consideration of various mutually acceptable agreements and covenants, Mr. Reisner received the following material compensation: (i) a one-time net (of employment taxes) cash payment of CAD 633,12.11; (ii) the immediate vesting, where not otherwise vested, of his then existing Options in and to Company, together with the right to exercise the same for a period of 12 months from the Effective Date; (iii) the issuance of 38,682 common shares of the Company, representing the net (of employment taxes) issuance to Mr. Reisner of his then fully vested RSUs in the Company; and (iv) confirmation that all of his then group benefits in the Company would continue for a period of 12 months from the Effective Date. Steven Sanders Mr. Sanders annual directors fees of 135,000 were paid in quarterly installments. No DSUs were issued to Mr. Sanders in 2022. 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Fees and Services The following is an aggregate of fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by our current principal accountants: 

2022 2021 Audit fees 1,028,325 312,703 Audit-related fees Tax fees 137,400 50,433 All other fees Total fees paid or accrued to our principal accountants 1,165,725 363,136 Audit Fees This category includes the aggregate fees billed by our independent auditor for the audit of our annual financial statements, reviews of interim financial statements that are provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit Related Fees Audit related fees are the aggregate fees billed by our independent auditors for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not described in the preceding category. Tax Fees Tax fees are billed by our independent auditors for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All Other Fees All other fees include fees billed by our independent auditors for products or services other than as described in the immediately preceding three categories. Pre-Approval of Services by the Independent Auditor The Audit Committee is responsible for the pre-approval of audit and permitted non-audit services to be performed by the Company s independent auditor. The Audit Committee will, on an annual basis, consider and, if appropriate, approve the provision of audit and non-audit services by the Company s independent auditor. Thereafter, the Audit Committee will, as necessary, consider and, if appropriate, approve the provision of additional audit and non-audit services by the Company s independent auditor which are not encompassed by the Audit Committee s annual pre-approval and are not prohibited by law. The Audit Committee has the authority to pre-approve, on a case-by-case basis, non-audit services to be performed by the Company s independent auditor. The Audit Committee has approved all audit and permitted non-audit services performed by its independent auditor for Fiscal 2022. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS The following exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-K. 

Exhibit No. Document 3.1 (1) Notice of Articles 3.2 (1) Articles 4.1 ) Description of Registrant s Securities 10.1 (2)(+) Manufacturing Agreement between Chongqing Zongshen Automobile Co., Ltd. and the Company, dated September 29, 2017 10.2 (3) Employment Agreement, dated May 17, 2019, by and between ELECTRAMECCANICA Automotive USA Inc. and Michael Paul Rivera 10.3 (4) Amendment Agreement between the Company and Michael Paul Rivera, dated for reference effective on January 1, 2020 10.4 (4) Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Henry Reisner, dated for reference effective on January 1, 2020 10.5 (4) Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Bal Bhullar, dated for reference effective on January 1, 2020 10.6 (4) Continuing Relationship Agreement between the Company and Jerry Kroll, dated for reference effective on August 16, 2019 10.7 (6) Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Isaac Moss, dated for reference effective on July 1, 2020 10.8 (7) Further Employment Agreement Amendment between the Company and Michael Paul Rivera, dated August 12, 2020 10.9 (9) Executive Employment Services Agreement between the Company, ElectraMeccanica USA, Inc. and Kevin Pavlov, dated for reference April 5, 2021 10.10 ) Extension of Manufacturing Agreement between Chongqing Zongshen Automobile Co., Ltd. and the Company, dated June 23, 2021 10.11 (9) Executive Employment Services Agreement between the Company, ElectraMeccanica USA, Inc. and Kim Brink, dated for reference December 24, 2021 10.12 )(+) Employment Agreement between the Company and Dean Anthony Dent, II, having an effective date of August 15, 2022 10.13 )(+) Executive Employment Services Agreement between the Company and Mark Orsmond, dated for reference August 22, 2022 10.14 )(+) Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Susan Docherty, having an effective date of December 5, 2022 10.15 )(+) Contract Assembly Agreement between ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC and GLV, LLC, dated March 1, 2023 10.16 (10)(+) Design and Supply Agreement between ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC and GLV, LLC, dated March 3, 2023 10.17 )(+) Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Michael Bridge, having an effective date of March 20, 2023 14.1 (5) Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 21.1 ) Subsidiaries of ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. 23.1 ) Consent of KPMG LLP, Chartered Professional Accountants 31.1 ) Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 31.2 ) Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 99.1 (8) 2020 Incentive Stock Option Plan 99.2 ) Audit Committee Charter 99.3 (5) Compensation Committee Charter 99.4 (5) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter 99.5 (5) Board Mandate 99.6 ) Finance Committee Charter 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBLR and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 Notes: ) Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. (+) Portions of this exhibit have been omitted. (1) Previously filed as an exhibit to our registration statement on Form F-1 as filed with the SEC on October 12, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. (2) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 20-F as filed with the SEC on April 19, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. (3) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. (4) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K as filed with the SEC on February 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. (5) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K as filed with the SEC on April 27, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. (6) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K as filed with the SEC on July 13, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. (7) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K as filed with the SEC on August 24, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. (8) Previously filed as an exhibit to our registration statement on Form S-8 as filed with the SEC on October 5, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference (9) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 20-F as filed with the SEC on March 22, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. (10) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on March 29, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ELECTRAMECCANICA VEHICLES CORP. Dated: April 17, 2023. By: /s/ Susan E. Docherty Susan E. Docherty, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated: April 17, 2023. By: /s/ Susan E. Docherty Susan E. Docherty, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and a director (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: April 17, 2023. By: /s/ Mark Orsmond Mark Orsmond, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Dated: April 17, 2023. By: /s/ Steven Sanders Steven Sanders, Chairman and Director Dated: April 17, 2023. By: /s/ Luisa Ingargiola Luisa Ingargiola, Director Dated: April 17, 2023. By: /s/ Joanne Yan Joanne Yan, Director Dated: April 17, 2023. By: /s/ David Shemmans David Shemmans, Director Dated: April 17, 2023. By: /s/ Michael Richardson Michael Richardson, Director Dated: April 17, 2023. By: /s/ William G. Quigley William G. Quigley, Director Dated: April 17, 2023. By: /s/ Dietmar Ostermann Dietmar Ostermann, Director 
 126 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 solo-20221231xex4d1.htm
 EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES The following securities of our Company are registered under section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): our Company s common shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ), under the symbol SOLO and our Company s common share purchase warrants (each, a Warrant are listed on Nasdaq, under the symbol SOLOW . 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation Our Company was incorporated under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) on February 16, 2015. Authorized and Issued Share Capital Our Notice of Articles provide that our authorized capital consists of an unlimited number of common shares, without par value, and an unlimited number of preferred shares, without par value, which have special rights or restrictions. As of December 31, 2022 we had 119,287,917 common shares and no preferred shares issued and outstanding. As of April 12, 2023, we had 119,287,917 common shares and no preferred shares issued and outstanding. Rights, Preferences and Restrictions Attaching to Our Shares The Business Corporations Act provides the following rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching to our common shares: (a) to vote at meetings of shareholders, except meetings at which only holders of a specified class of shares are entitled to vote; (b) subject to the rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching to any other class of shares of our Company, to share equally in the remaining property of our Company on liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our Company; and (c) subject to the rights of the preferred shares, the common shares are entitled to receive dividends if, as, and when declared by our Board of Directors. Our preferred shares may include one or more series and, subject to the Business Corporations Act, the directors may, by resolution, if none of the shares of that particular series are issued, alter the Articles of the Company and authorize the alteration of the Notice of Articles of the Company, as the case may be, to do one or more of the following: (a) determine the maximum number of shares of that series that the Company is authorized to issue, determine that there is no such maximum number, or alter any such determination; (b) create an identifying name for the shares of that series, or alter any such identifying name; and (c) attach special rights or restrictions to the shares of that series, or alter any such special rights or restrictions. The provisions in our Articles attaching to our common shares and our preferred shares may be altered, amended, repealed, suspended or changed by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the outstanding common shares and two-thirds of the preferred shares, as applicable. 

 With the exception of special resolutions (i.e., resolutions in respect of fundamental changes to our Company, including: the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, a merger or other arrangement or an alteration to our authorized capital that is not allowed by resolution of the directors) that require the approval of holders of two-thirds of the outstanding common shares entitled to vote at a meeting, either in person or by proxy, resolutions to approve matters brought before a meeting of our shareholders require approval by a simple majority of the votes cast by shareholders entitled to vote at a meeting, either in person or by proxy. Shareholder Meetings The Business Corporations Act provides that: (i) a general meetings of shareholders must be held in British Columbia, or may be held at a location outside British Columbia since our Articles do not restrict our Company from approving a location outside of British Columbia for the holding of the general meeting and the location for the meeting is approved by ordinary resolution, or the location for the meeting is approving in writing by the British Columbia Registrar of Companies before the meeting is held; (ii) directors must call an annual meeting of shareholders not later than 15 months after the last preceding annual meeting; (iii) for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to receive notice of or vote at meetings of shareholders, the directors may fix in advance a date as the record date for that determination, provided that such date shall not precede by more than two months or by less than 21 days the date on which the meeting is to be held; (iv) the holders of not less than 5 of the issued shares entitled to vote at a meeting may requisition the directors to call a meeting of shareholders for the purposes stated in the requisition; (v) only shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting, our directors and our auditor are entitled to be present at a meeting of shareholders; and (vi) upon the application of a director or shareholder entitled to vote at the meeting, the British Columbia Supreme Court may order a meeting to be called, held and conducted in a manner that the Court directs. Pursuant to Article 8.20 of our Articles, a shareholder or proxy holder who is entitled to participate in a meeting of shareholders may do so in person, or by telephone or other communications medium, if all shareholders and proxy holders participating in the meeting are able to communicate with each other; provided, however, that nothing in Article 8.20 of our Articles shall obligate the Company to take any action or provide any facility to permit or facilitate the use of any communications medium at a meeting of shareholders. If one or more shareholders or proxy holders participate in a meeting of shareholders in a matter contemplated by Article 8.20 of our Articles: (a) each such shareholder or proxy holder shall be deemed to be present at the meeting; and (b) the meeting shall be deemed to be help at the location specified in the notice of the meeting. Pursuant to our Articles, the quorum for the transaction of business at a meeting of our shareholders is one or more persons, present in person or by proxy. Limitations on Rights of Non-Canadians Our Company is incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada. There is no law or governmental decree or regulation in Canada that restricts the export or import of capital, or affects the remittance of dividends, interest or other payments to a non-resident holder of common shares, other than withholding tax requirements. Any such remittances to United States residents are generally subject to withholding tax, however, no such remittances are likely in the foreseeable future. There is no limitation imposed by Canadian law or by our Articles or other constituent documents of our Company on the right of a non-resident to hold or vote common shares of our Company. However, the Investment Canada Act (Canada) (the Investment Act has rules regarding certain acquisitions of shares by non-Canadians, along with other requirements under that legislation. The following discussion summarizes the principal features of the Investment Act for a non-Canadian (as defined under the Investment Act) who proposes to acquire common shares of our Company. The discussion is general only; it is not a substitute for independent legal advice from an investor s own advisor; and it does not anticipate statutory or regulatory amendments. 

 The Investment Act is a federal statute of broad application regulating the establishment and acquisition of Canadian businesses by non-Canadians, including individuals, governments or agencies thereof, corporations, partnerships, trusts or joint ventures (each an entity ). Investments by non-Canadians to acquire control over existing Canadian businesses or to establish new ones are either reviewable or notifiable under the Investment Act. If an investment by a non-Canadian to acquire control over an existing Canadian business is reviewable under the Investment Act, the Investment Act generally prohibits implementation of the investment unless, after review, the Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry (the Minister is satisfied that the investment is likely to be of net benefit to Canada. A non-Canadian would acquire control of our Company for the purposes of the Investment Act through the acquisition of common shares if the non-Canadian acquired a majority of the voting interests in our Company. Further, the acquisition of less than a majority but one-third or more of the voting interests in our Company by a non-Canadian would be presumed to be an acquisition of control of our Company unless it could be established that, on the acquisition, our Company was not controlled in fact by the acquirer through the ownership of such voting interests. For a direct acquisition that would result in an acquisition of control of our Company, subject to the exception for WTO-investors that are controlled by persons who are nationals or permanent residents of World Trade Organization WTO member nations, a proposed investment generally would be reviewable where the value of the acquired assets is CAD 5 million or more. For a proposed indirect acquisition by an investor other than a so-called WTO investor that would result in an acquisition of control of our Company through the acquisition of a non-Canadian parent entity, the investment generally would be reviewable where the value of the assets of the entity carrying on the Canadian business, and of all other entities in Canada, the control of which is acquired, directly or indirectly, is CAD 50 million or more. In the case of a direct acquisition by a WTO investor that is not a state-owned enterprise, the threshold is significantly higher. An investment in common shares of our Company by a WTO investor that is not a state-owned enterprise would be reviewable only if it was an investment to acquire control of the Company and the enterprise value of the assets of the Company was equal to or greater than a specified amount, which is published by the Minister after its determination for any particular year. For 2023, this amount is CAD 1.287 billion (unless the investor is controlled by persons who are nationals or permanent residents of countries that are party to one of a list of certain free trade agreements, in which case the amount is CAD 1.931 billion for 2023); each January 1, both thresholds are adjusted by a GDP (Gross Domestic Product) based index. The higher WTO threshold for direct investments and the exemption for indirect investments do not apply where the relevant Canadian business is carrying on a cultural business . The acquisition of a Canadian business that is a cultural business is subject to lower review thresholds under the Investment Act because of the perceived sensitivity of the cultural sector. If the Minister has reasonable grounds to believe that an investment by a non-Canadian could be injurious to national security, the Minister may send the non-Canadian a notice indicating that an order for review of the investment may be made. The review of an investment on the grounds of national security may occur whether or not an investment is otherwise subject to review on the basis of net benefit to Canada or otherwise subject to notification under the Investment Act. Certain transactions, except those to which the national security provisions of the Investment Act may apply, relating to common shares of our Company are exempt from the Investment Act, including: (a) the acquisition of our common shares by a person in the ordinary course of that person s business as a trader or dealer in securities; (b) the acquisition of control of our Company in connection with the realization of security granted for a loan or other financial assistance and not for a purpose related to the provisions on the Investment Act, if the acquisition is subject to approval under the Bank Act , the Cooperative Credit Associations Act , the Insurance Companies Act or the Trust and Loan Companies Act ; and 

 (c) the acquisition of control of our Company by reason of an amalgamation, merger, consolidation or corporate reorganization following which the ultimate direct or indirect control in fact of our Company, through the ownership of common shares, remained unchanged. Warrants As of December 31, 2022, we had 5,395,481 Warrants issued and outstanding. As of April 12, 2023, we had 5,395,481 Warrants issued and outstanding. Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share in the capital of the Company (each, a Warrant Share at an exercise price of US 4.25 per Warrant Share (the Exercise Price ). The Warrants were immediately exercisable upon issuance, and will expire at 5:00 pm (New York time) on August 13, 2023 (the Expiration Date ). The Warrants have been issued pursuant to a warrant agent agreement dated as of August 9, 2018 (the Warrant Agreement between our Company and VStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent (in such capacity, the Warrant Agent ). Unless terminated earlier by the parties, the Warrant Agreement shall terminate 90 days after the earlier of the Expiration Date and the date on which no Warrants remain outstanding (the Termination Date ). Any Warrants that remain unexercised on the Termination Date shall be automatically exercised by way of a cashless exercise on that date, as described below. Our Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC a Registration Statement, No. 333-222814, on Form F-1 (as amended from time to time, the Registration Statement ), for the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of certain securities, including the Warrants and the underlying Warrant Shares. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on August 3, 2018. The Warrants are in registered form and are evidenced by a global Warrant certificate Global Certificate in the form attached as Annex A to the Warrant Agreement. The Global Certificate has been deposited on behalf of our Company with a custodian for The Depository Trust Company DTC and registered in the name of Cede Co., a nominee of DTC. In the event that the Warrants cease to be eligible for registration in the name of Cede Co., as DTC s nominee, or in circumstances where it is no longer necessary to have the Warrants so registered, our Company may instruct the Warrant Agent to cause DTC to deliver the Global Certificate to the Warrant Agent for cancellation, and the Company will instruct the Warrant Agent to deliver to each holder of Warrants (each, a Holder separate certificates evidencing Warrants, in the form attached as Annex C to the Warrant Agreement. Our Company has agreed to cause the Warrant Shares purchased upon exercise of Warrants to be transmitted by the Company s transfer agent (the Transfer Agent to the Holder by: (a) crediting the account of the Holder s or its designee s balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system DWAC if our Company is then a participant in such system, and either (i) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (ii) the Warrant is being exercised by way of cashless exercise; and (b) otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate registered in our Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee. Such transmittal of Warrant Shares by the Transfer Agent to the Holder is to occur after the delivery to our Company of the Holder s notice of exercise of Warrants (the Notice of Exercise on that date (the Warrant Share Delivery Date that is the earlier of: (a) two trading days thereafter; and (b) the number of trading days comprising the Standard Settlement Period. 

 Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which the Warrants have been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received no later than the Warrant Share Delivery Date. Under the Warrant Agreement, our Company cannot effect any exercise of a Warrant, and a Holder will not have any right to exercise any portion of a Warrant, if after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates, and any other persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s affiliates would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Except otherwise expressly provided for in the Warrant Agreement, beneficial ownership is to be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99 of the number of common shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the common shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to our Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 of the number of common shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of common shares upon exercise of the Warrant held by the Holder. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. If, upon exercise of the Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company will, at its election, upon exercise, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such fraction (in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the exercise price) or round the number of shares to be received by the holder up to the next whole number. If our Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, our Company must pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each 1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the common shares on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), 10 per trading day (increasing to 20 per trading day on the fifth trading day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each trading day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date, until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. We have agreed to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. Under the Warrant Agreement: Standard Settlement Period is defined to mean the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of trading days, on our Company s primary Trading Market with respect to our common shares as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise; Trading Market is defined to mean any of the following markets or exchanges on which our common share are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange; and VWAP is defined to mean, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if our common shares are then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the common shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the common share are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a trading day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the common share for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the common shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the common shares are then reported in the Pink Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per common share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a common share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to our Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by our Company. 

Under the Warrant Agreement, we must use reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and the current status of the prospectus included therein, or to file and maintain the effectiveness of another registration statement and another current prospectus covering the Warrants and the Warrant Shares, at any time that the Warrants are exercisable. We must provide to the Warrant Agent and each Holder prompt written notice of any time that we are unable to deliver the Warrant Shares via DTC transfer or otherwise without restrictive legend because: (a) the SEC has issued a stop order with respect to the Registration Statement, (b) the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently, (c) our Company has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently, (d) the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, or (e) otherwise; (each a Restrictive Legend Event ). If the Warrants cannot be exercised as a result of a Restrictive Legend Event, or if a Restrictive Legend Event occurs after a Holder has exercised Warrants but prior to the delivery of the Warrant Shares, we must, at the election of the Holder, either (i) rescind the previously submitted notice of Warrant exercise, in which case we must return all consideration paid for such Warrant Shares, or (ii) treat the attempted exercise as a cashless exercise, as described below, and refund the cash portion of the exercise price to the Holder. The Holder must make this election within five days of receipt of our notice of the Restrictive Legend Event. If, following a Restrictive Legend Event, the Holder elects to proceed by way of a cashless exercise of the Warrants, the Holder will be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A-B) (X) by (A), where: (A) = the last VWAP immediately preceding the date of exercise giving rise to the applicable cashless exercise , as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise; (B) = the Exercise Price of the Warrant; and (X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of the Warrant in accordance with the terms of the Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise. The Warrant Agreement also provides that any Warrants that remain unexercised on the Termination Date shall be automatically exercised by way of a cashless exercise on that date. If the Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, then, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and we will not take any position contrary thereto. The Warrants are also subject to customary adjustment provisions, such as for stock dividends, subdivisions and the like, and certain fundamental transactions such as those in which we directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effect any merger or consolidation of our Company with or into another entity, or we effect any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets in one or a series of related transactions. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 solo-20221231xex10d10.htm
 EX-10.10

ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. 102 East 1st Avenue Vancouver, BC, Canada V5T 1A4 1-604-428-7656 (SOLO) www.electrameccanica.com 
 Exhibit 10.10 
 June 23, 2021 Delivered and via email to huxy@zongshen.cn 2021 6 23 Chongqing Zongshen Automobile Industry Co., Ltd. Zongshen Industrial Zone, Chaoyouchang, Banan District 400054, Chongqing, China 400054 Attention: Mr. Xuan Yuan Hu, Chief Executive Office Dear Mr. Hu, Re: Manufacturing Agreement as between Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp. and Chongqing Zongshen Automobile Industry Co., Ltd. Extension of Manufacturing Agreement Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp. we or the Company is very pleased to be writing to Chongqing Zongshen Automobile Industry Co., Ltd. Zongshen or the Manufacturer in order to express our sincerest appreciation for our ongoing and successful relationship as governed, in part, by that certain Manufacturing Agreement, dated October 2017, as entered into by us (the Manufacturing Agreement ). Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp. 2017 10 As set forth in the Manufacturing Agreement (section 8.1), we note that it has an initial term of four years with automatic one-year renewal periods. Due to our valuable and ongoing relationship, due to the recent and very productive additional product design and engineering work performed by Zongshen for our Company, we wish to provide Zongshen a one-time compensation payment of RMB 10,000,000 (the Extension Payment in order to both extend the current term of the Manufacturing Agreement for a further three years and to seek certain clarifications under the same for our mutual benefit (collectively, this Amendment herein). 8.1 1000 For the purposes of our mutual understanding, we confirm that any capitalized terms not otherwise herein defined shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Manufacturing Agreement. Corresponding, and in 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

 June 23, 2021 2021 6 23 Page - 2 - 2 - 
 order to provide for our better and collective understanding, the parties have herein agreed to clarify the following duties and obligations of the parties in relation to the Manufacturing Agreement, and accordingly, the following sections of the Manufacturing Agreement are hereby either revised or deleted in their entirety with the following sections of this Amendment being substituted therefore: Section 1 Definitions. The definition of Territory under section 1 of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following being substituted in its stead: 1 1 Territory shall be defined as the People s Republic of China (the PRC ), Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, Brunei, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam and, if permitted, Russia. PRC Section 1 Definitions. The definition of Further Territory is added under section 1 of the Manufacturing Agreement as follows: 1 Further Territory shall be defined as all 27 countries currently comprising the European Union: consisting of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czechia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden. 27 Section 2.1 Manufacturing License of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following section being substituted in its stead: 2.1 Exclusive License to Manufacture for the Territory during the Term and any renewal thereof . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, and subject to the Manufacturer meeting EMV s requirements for quality, price and lead-time, EMV grants to the Manufacturer, and the Manufacturer accepts, an exclusive, non-transferable (without the right to sublicense) and royalty-free license, in accordance with EMV s Proprietary Rights in the Territory, during the Term (as hereinafter defined) and any renewal of this Agreement, to manufacture the Products only in the Territory; provided that such manufacturing is at the Manufacturer s own cost for the purchase of the components of each Purchase Order as well as the assembling cost for finished products in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the License to Manufacture ). EMV EMV 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

 June 23, 2021 2021 6 23 Page - 3 - 3 - 
 Exclusive License to use the Specifications and the EMV Firmware for the Territory during the Term and any renewal thereof . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, and subject to the Manufacturer meeting EMV s requirements for quality, price and lead-time, EMV hereby also grants the Manufacturer an exclusive, non-transferable (without the right to sublicense) and royalty-free license, in accordance with EMV s Proprietary Rights in the Territory, during the Term and any renewal of this Agreement, to use the Specifications and to copy the EMV firmware as may be provided by EMV from time to time to the Manufacturer for the sole purpose of manufacturing the Products to fulfil Purchase Orders provided by EMV to the Manufacturer at each EMV-approved Manufacturer manufacturing facility in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the License to the Specifications and EMV Firmware ). EMV EMV EMV EMV EMV EMV EMV EMV Other terms of the License to Manufacture and the License to the Specifications and EMV Firmware for the Territory . Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, during the Term and any renewal of this Agreement: EMV (a) Maintain Licenses - t he parties hereby agree not to directly or indirectly do anything that might impair, jeopardize, violate, infringe, dilute, depreciate, prejudice, derogate from, tarnish or disparage either of the within License to Manufacture or License to the Specifications and EMV Firmware under any circumstances ; EMV (b) Only facility in PRC other than as provided in clause (d) below, the current facilities of the Manufacturer shall be the only manufacturing factory for all Products produced in the PRC under the License to Manufacturer and the License to the Specifications and EMV Firmware; (d) EMV (c) Other facilities - EMV and its related parties shall not set up other manufacturing plants in the PRC with any third parties without Zongshen s prior written consent; and EMV (d) Right of first refusal for other facilities - Zongshen shall have a right of first refusal to participate in the development and financing by EMV and its related parties of any manufacturing plant in the Territory outside of the PRC. - EMV 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

 June 23, 2021 2021 6 23 Page - 4 - 4 - 
 Right to Manufacture and deliver Products for the Further Territory during the Term . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, and subject to the Manufacturer meeting EMV s requirements for quality, price and lead-time on a competitive basis, EMV grants to the Manufacturer, and the Manufacturer accepts, an exclusive, non-transferable and royalty-free right, in accordance with all of EMV s Proprietary Rights in the Further Territory, during the Term of this Agreement, to provide EMV with commercially reasonable competitive quote(s) to manufacture and deliver Products from its current manufacturing plant in the PRC as are necessary to fulfil Purchase Orders for Products made by EMV for any country in the Further Territory (the Right to Manufacture provided, however, that such Right to Manufacture shall only exist if there is no other manufacturing plant in the Further Territory able to fulfill such Purchase Orders and, furthermore, that such manufacturing is at the Manufacturer s own cost for the purchase of the components of each Purchase Order as well as the assembling cost for finished products in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. EMV EMV EMV EMV EMV Non-exclusive Right to Sell and Distribute for outside the Territory and the Further Territory during the Term . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, and subject to the Manufacturer meeting EMV s requirements for quality, price and lead-time on a commercially reasonable competitive basis, EMV grants to the Manufacturer a non-exclusive, non-transferable and royalty-free right, in accordance with EMV s Proprietary Rights in the Territory, during the Term of this Agreement, to sell and distribute the Products outside of the Territory and the Further Territory (the Non-exclusive Right to Sell and Distribute ). In this respect Zongshen acknowledges and agrees that the Non-exclusive Right to Sell and Distribute will at all times remain subject to the following limitations: EMV EMV EMV (a) No Modification or Reverse Engineering Zongshen will not directly or indirectly modify, or in any way alter (excluding configuration expressly permitted) the whole or any part of the EMV Specifications or EMV Firmware, nor will Zongshen decompile, disassemble, reconstruct, decrypt, reverse assemble, reverse engineer or make derivative works based on the whole or any part of the EMV Specifications or EMV Firmware; EMV EMV EMV EMV (b) Limited Use Except as permitted by EMV, Zongshen will not directly or indirectly license, sublicense, transfer, assign, or otherwise commercially exploit the EMV Specifications or EMV Firmware technology in any way except as permitted by EMV; and 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

 June 23, 2021 2021 6 23 Page - 5 - 5 - 
 EMV EMV EMV EMV (c) Distribution Agreements - Zongshen will ensure that any distribution arrangement is at least as protective of the EMV Specifications or EMV Firmware as this Agreement. - EMV EMV Section 3.4 Target Purchase Volume of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following section being substituted in its stead: 3.4 3.4 Target Annual Purchase Volume 3.4 Under this Agreement, and subject to the Manufacturer meeting EMV s requirements for quality, price, configuration and lead-time, and being granted the manufacturing license hereunder, the parties will, on an annual basis, use their reasonable commercial efforts to negotiate in good faith and agree upon a quantity of vehicles to be produced and delivered for the subsequent 12 month period (the Annual Term prior to March 31 of each year to be known as the Target Annual Purchase Volume herein. EMV 3 31 12 In this respect it is hereby acknowledged and agreed that the Target Annual Purchase Volumes for each of the initial 30 months during the Term (as herein defined) of this Agreement that being from each of June 1, 2021 to May 31, 2022, from June 1, 2022 to May 31, 2023 and from June 1, 2023 to May 31, 2024 (collectively, the First Annual Terms - have already been agreed to and are set forth in a separate letter addendum to this Agreement which will be executed contemporaneously herewith. In this respect it is hereby also acknowledged and agreed that the Target Annual Purchase Volumes for each period shall be a combination of knock-down kits and/or complete vehicles (the ratio of knock-down kits to complete vehicles to be determined by both parties ). 30 - 2021 6 1 2022 5 31 2022 6 1 2023 5 31 2023 6 1 2024 5 31 - / Should EMV fail to be in a position to order the entire Target Annual Purchase Volume previously agreed to for an Annual Term; including for the First Annual Terms (the Volume Shortfall ), EMV will, upon its prior receipt and approval of an accounting summary prepared by the Manufacturer respecting such Volume Shortfall, offset payment to the Manufacturer to cover any such under-utilized labor and operating expenses incurred by the Manufacture and related to the unfavorable Volume Shortfall for that Annual Term (the Offset Payment with such Offset Payment being equal to by RMB 1,500,000 per month (i.e., RMB 18,000,000 per year) to cover any such under-utilized labor and operating expenses incurred by the Manufacture related to the Volume Shortfall. The amount of the Offset Payment shall be confirmed by both parties by the end of each Annual Term and settled and paid within 30 days of the end of each Annual Term. 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

 June 23, 2021 2021 6 23 Page - 6 - 6 - 
 The Volume Shortfall for each Annual Term shall be determined as a percentage of the previously agreed to Target Annual Purchase Volume that has not been fulfilled by the end of its Annual Term. For example, if there is a Volume Shortfall of 10 of the total Target Annual Purchase Volume then the amount to cover the resulting under-utilization Offset Payment shall be RMB 1,800,000 . EMV EMV 1,500,000 18,000,000 30 10 1,800,000 Section 4.1 Forecasts of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following section being substituted in its stead: 4.1 4.1 Forecasts 4.1 On a periodic basis, EMV shall provide the Manufacturer with a latest six-month rolling forecast of Product requirements (the Forecast ). The Forecast will be in alignment with the Target Annual Purchase Volume for that Annual Term. . EMV The initial paragraph of Section 4.2 Purchaser Orders of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following paragraph being substituted in its stead: 4.2 4.2 Purchase Orders 4.2 EMV will order Products by issuing Purchase Orders to the Manufacturer. Each Purchase Order will include, at a minimum, quantities of Product required, the bill of materials BOM version and the price and lead-time/requested delivery dates. The Manufacturer will confirm receipt of, and accept, all Purchase Orders conforming hereto within seven business days of receipt. The Manufacturer shall base such confirmations on its manufacturing capability and spare reasonable business efforts to satisfy all Purchase Orders that substantially conform with the most recent Forecast issued by EMV. Due to the long purchase and manufacturing lead-time, EMV shall pay the Manufacturer 50 of total amount of a Purchase Order as an advance payment to relieve the financial pressure on the Manufacturer and the supply chains. EMV shall pay the Manufacturer 50 of the total amount of a Purchase Order as an advance payment within five business days upon the confirmation of the Purchase Order by the Manufacture. . EMV BOM / 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

 June 23, 2021 2021 6 23 Page - 7 - 7 - 
 EMV EMV 50 EMV 5 50 Section 4.3 Manufacturer Assessment of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following section being substituted in its stead: 4.3 4.3 Manufacturer Assessment 4.3 Based on the Forecast, EMV and the Manufacturer shall meet at least quarterly to set and update mutually agreeable key performance targets in a variety of areas including, without limitations, annual or BOM version pricing, lead-time, quality and on-time delivery. EMV shall evaluate the Manufacturer s performance against such targets and the parties shall use reasonable commercial efforts to agree on corrective actions as soon as possible thereafter. . EMV BOM EMV Section 4.4 Response Time of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following section being substituted in its stead: 4.4 4.4 Response Time 4.4 The Manufacturer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to manufacture and deliver Products in accordance with the Purchase Orders issued by EMV. If the Manufacturer is unable to meet the delivery schedule set forth in a Purchase Order, the Manufacturer shall notify EMV within seven business days following EMV s issuance of such Purchase Order. If the Manufacturer subsequently becomes aware of circumstances that may lead to delays in delivery, the Manufacturer shall notify EMV as soon as reasonably possible. EMV EMV EMV EMV The Manufacturer will make commercially reasonable efforts to deliver Products on or prior to the delivery date indicated on the Purchase Order (the Delivery Target ). In order for a Product to be included as an on time delivery each Product needs to also meet all Specifications and quality targets. The assessment of whether the Delivery Target has been achieved shall be calculated on a per shipment basis. . 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

 June 23, 2021 2021 6 23 Page - 8 - 8 - 
 Subsection 4.5.2 Order Specification Adjustment of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following subsection being substituted in its stead: 4.5.2 4.5.2 Order Specification Adjustment 4.5.2 After the Manufacturer s acceptance of a Purchase Order, and in case of order specification adjustments made within the lead-time as set forth in each Purchase Order, EMV shall inform the Manufacturer in written form as soon as reasonably possible. The Manufacturer will use commercially reasonable efforts to meet the changes requested by EMV, and will quote any applicable charges resulting from changes in costs and lead-time associated with any such specification adjustment. EMV shall bear such charges, subject to an updated Purchase Order being signed by both parties. In the event that any such specification adjustment results in the Manufacturer accumulating stock, which is no longer suitable for use by Manufacturer in mass production, EMV shall reimburse the costs actually incurred by the Manufacturer in accumulating such stock. EMV EMV EMV EMV In order to maintain and increase levels of production quantities, the Manufacturer will work diligently to reduce the BOM costs to mitigate tariffs and reduce landed costs for Product sales in the United States and Canadian markets. BOM If there is an opportunity or desire to make any change to a component or any part of the vehicle, for any reason, including cost savings or efficiency, this should be proposed in writing, mutually agreed, and approved prior to any implementation. . Section 5.1 Invoices and Payment of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following section being substituted in its stead: 5.1 5.1 Invoices and Payment 5.1 Invoices and Payment terms for vehicles and ancillary parts and associated products and/or services will be governed by EMV s General Purchasing Terms and Conditions document which shall form a part of all Purchase Orders and which may be inclusive of specific terms in the Purchase Orders themselves. . / EMV 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

 June 23, 2021 2021 6 23 Page - 9 - 9 - 
 Section 5.2 Pricing of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following section being substituted in its stead: 5.2 5.2 Pricing 5.2 The price of Products will be determined by both parties as agreed to in accordance with the BOM level being purchased. BOM The Manufacturer shall have the right to make modifications to Product pricing, upon providing EMV with not less than sixty days notice of any such price modification, when the price of a raw material or materials over a then six month prior period have experienced an aggregated average variation of price of not less than 5 when comparted to the window query of Chinese futures trading; provided that no such price modifications will apply to any Purchase Orders already submitted by EMV at such time or within such sixty day period. 5 EMV EMV 5 Subject to the above, if there is a change in either export tax or import tax or tariff policy in either China or the United States or Canada the parties will inform each other in writing as soon as possible and both parties shall discuss and agree on any price changes to be applied prior to any change in price being effective. . Section 5.5 Shipping Reports of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following section being substituted in its stead: 5.5 5.5 Shipping Reports 5.5 The Manufacturer shall provide written shipping reports to EMV for each delivery. Such reports shall include information concerning all shipments of Products on that day, including the type of Products, quantities and the name/address of shipping destination, and electronic bill of lading. . EMV / Section 5.6 Inspection and Claim of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following section being substituted in its stead: 5.6 5.6 Inspection and Claim 5.6 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

 June 23, 2021 2021 6 23 Page - 10 - 10 - 
 EMV has the right to examine the goods on receipt at the EMV facility, and has 15 business days to notify the Manufacturer of any claim for damages on account of the condition, grade or quality of the goods, or non-conformity to the Specifications (each, a Claim Notice ). Each Claim Notice must set forth the basis of the claim in reasonable detail. EMV acknowledges that failure to notify the Manufacturer of a claim within specified period in reasonable detail shall constitute acceptance of the goods. EMV EMV 15 EMV Within 10 business days upon receiving a Claim Notice from EMV, the Manufacturer shall analyze and respond to the Claim Notice. The Manufacturer shall promptly replace or repair, at the Manufacturer s sole expense, any defective Products arising from the assembly or manufacturing by the Manufacturer due to failure of the set Standards and Specifications within the Product Warranty Period and including, without limitation, related shipping expenses. The replacement parts are preferred to be shipped by vessel together with the next shipment of mass production Purchase Order. Shipment by air will be confirmed by both parties in emergency cases. . EMV 10 Section 8.1 Term of the Manufacturing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety with the following section being substituted in its stead: 8.1 8.1 Term 8.1 This Agreement shall have a three-year Term commencing on June 1, 2021 and shall automatically renew for additional one year Terms unless earlier terminated by either party under this Agreement . 2021 6 1 3 Save as hereby amended, the Manufacturing Agreement remains in full force and effect as unamended. This Amendment shall form a part of the Manufacturing Agreement for all purposes, and each of the parties shall be bound hereby. From and after the execution of this Amendment by the parties, any reference to the Manufacturing Agreement shall be deemed a reference to the Manufacturing Agreement as amended hereby. This Amendment constitutes the entire agreement to date between the parties and supersedes every previous agreement, communication, expectation, negotiation, representation or understanding, whether oral or written, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Amendment. This Amendment will ensure to the benefit of and will be binding upon the parties and their respective successors and assigns. Time will be of the essence of this Amendment. The 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

 June 23, 2021 2021 6 23 Page - 11 - 11 - 
 parties hereby, jointly and severally, covenant and agree to forthwith, upon request, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such further and other deeds, documents, assurances and instructions as may be required by the parties or their respective counsel in order to carry out the true nature and intent of this Amendment. This Amendment may be signed by the parties in as many counterparts as may be necessary, each of which so signed being deemed to be an original, and such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument and, notwithstanding the date of execution, will be deemed to bear the date as set forth on the front page of this Amendment. We thank you in advance for your consideration of this Amendment and the Extension Payment shall be paid through onetime transfer within 30 business day after this Amendment is executed by both of us. 30 The parties agree to use their reasonable commercial efforts to set out any further and specific operating details required under the Manufacturing Agreement resulting from this Amendment in such supplemental agreements and understanding as may be necessary in order to better administer the Manufacturing Agreement through this Amendment going forward. Thank you in advance, and kindest regards, Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp. Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp. Per: /s/ Paul Rivera _________ Signatory: Paul Rivera Paul Rivera Title: President and Chief Executive Officer The within Amendment and the payment of the Extension Payment is hereby acknowledged and accepted by Zongshen on this ____ day of June, 2021, by: 2021 4 ____ Chongqing Zongshen Automobile Industry Co., Ltd. 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

 June 23, 2021 2021 6 23 Page - 12 - 12 - 
 Per: /s/ Xuan Yuan Hu Signatory: Xuan Yuan Hu Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 _36095406.1 LEGAL_41086744.1 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.12>
 4
 solo-20221231xex10d12.htm
 EX-10.12

Exhibit 10.12 

ELECTRAMECCANICA USA, LLC Arizona www.electrameccanica.com 
 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement Agreement is entered into as of this 25 day of May, 2022, by and between ELECTRAMECCANICA USA, LLC (the Company ), an Arizona limited liability company, and Dean Anthony Dent, II an individual residing at [ ] Employee ). The parties agree that this Agreement shall be effective as of August 15, 2022 Effective Date ), and further agree that this Agreement shall supersede and replace any prior employment agreements. In consideration of the mutual promises set forth herein and with the intent to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree that the Company shall employ Employee, and Employee accepts employment with the Company, upon the terms and conditions set forth below. This is a conditional offer of employment contingent upon passing a background check. 1. PROVISIONS OF EMPLOYMENT. a. Title/Position . The Company employs Employee in the position of General Counsel, which is an exempt position. Employee shall work on a full-time basis for the Company. Employee s employment with the Company will commence as of August 15, 2022 Start Date ). b. Job Duties . Employee shall perform such duties as are usually associated with the position of General Counsel and other duties as may be assigned to Employee from time to time by supervisor and the Company. A copy of Employee s job description is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B. This job description is neither intended to be, nor is, an all-inclusive list of Employee s responsibilities; rather, the description is intended as a guide for Employee s success. Employee agrees to perform those duties with the highest standard of care and duty of loyalty in furtherance of the success and welfare of the Company. c. Duty of Loyalty . During the term of employment, Employee shall devote Employee s full business time and energies to advance the success and welfare of the Company and will not engage in any other business or commercial activity that interferes with Employee s obligations to the Company. d. Compliance with the Company s Confidentiality Agreement and Policies . As an express provision of Employee s employment with the Company, Employee hereby accepts the terms of the Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement (the Confidentiality Agreement ), attached hereto as Exhibit A, and will execute the Confidentiality Agreement concurrently with this Agreement or as soon thereafter as practicable. Employee also agrees to comply with the Company s policies, procedures, standards, and regulations from time to time established. 2. NO PERIOD OF EMPLOYMENT. a. At Will Relationship. The nature of the employment relationship between the Company and Employee is at will and may be terminated by either Employee or the Company at any time, with or without advance notice, for any lawful reason or for no reason, with or without cause. Nothing contained in this Agreement, in any oral communication by any agent of the Company, or in any written or unwritten policies of the Company, shall be construed as establishing anything other than an employment at will relationship. 3. COMPENSATION . a. Salary. Commencing as of August 15, 2022, the Company shall pay Employee a salary of Two Hundred and Ninety-Five Thousand Dollars and No Cents 295,000.00) per year Salary ). This Salary is payable to Employee on the Company s regular paydays, in equal installments, less the usual, customary, and 
 Page 1 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

Dent, Tony Employment Agreement May 25, 2022 
 
 lawful deductions. The Salary shall be paid to Employee in accordance with the Company s usual payroll practices. b. Employee Bonus Plan. Employee will be eligible to participate in the Company s employee discretionary bonus plan. Employee will be eligible to receive an annual discretionary bonus of 35 of Employee s base salary, prorated in the first year of employment. The Company reserves the right to amend the employee bonus plan at any time, in its sole discretion. c. Signing Bonus. The Company agrees to pay a signing bonus of 40,000.00 USD, less required deductions to Employee (payable on the first eligible pay period after Employee s Start Date). Employee agrees that if Employee voluntarily resigns or is terminated for Cause (as defined below) before August 15, 2024, Employee will be required to repay the full amount of the signing bonus to the Company. Employee agrees to such repayment obligation and if any repayment is due to the Company pursuant to this Section, Employee agrees that the amount of the repayment due is payable in full immediately via personal check or payroll deduction and Employee further agrees to permit the Company to deduct this amount from any monies or benefits due to Employee including wages, bonuses, reimbursements and/or expenses and any remaining amounts are Employee s responsibility, payable via personal check immediately but in no event later than thirty (30) days of Employee s last day of employment with the Company.. d. Stock Options . Employee may be eligible to participate in the Company s Stock Option Program after completing three (3) months of employment with the Company. Stock Options are determined, approved and issued by the Board of Directors the Board ), at the sole discretion of the Board. If approved by the Board, Employee will be eligible to receive a grant of up to 100,000 Stock Options, in accordance with the Company s Stock Option Program. e. Benefits. Employee will be eligible to participate in the Company s extended health benefits program. Benefits eligibility begins on the first day of the month following Employee s start-date. The Company retains the right to change any part of its benefit coverage, eligibility criteria or any other aspect of the benefits program. The Company has the right to change benefit providers at any time it deems appropriate. 4. TIME OFF OF WORK. a. Paid Vacation . Employee will be eligible to earn paid vacation in the amount of Four (4) weeks per year, which shall accrue in accordance with the Company s Paid Vacation Policy, which may be amended from time-to-time. b. Holidays and Paid Sick Leave. Employee shall be entitled to any paid holidays observed by the Company, in accordance with the Company s standard policies. Employee shall also be entitled to sick leave in accordance with the Company s Arizona Paid Sick Leave Policy, which may be amended from time-to-time. No payment shall be made to Employee for accrued but unused sick days or holidays in the event Employee resigns or Employee is terminated by the Company. 5. EXPENSES AND TRAVEL. a. Relocation Expenses. The Company will reimburse Employee for up to 30,000.00 in costs associated with relocating to Arizona. To be reimbursed, Employee must submit documentation consistent with and in compliance with the Company s expense reimbursement policies. All reimbursement requests must be submitted within 30 days of the date that the relocation expense was incurred, and the Company will reimburse the Employee for the relocation expenses within 30 days of receiving the reimbursement request. Pursuant to applicable law, Employee agrees that Employee will pay any employment, income or other taxes that are required to be paid in connection with Employee s receipt of these relocation benefits. In determining the level of relocation benefits to provide, the Company considered the taxability of the relocation benefits and, as a result, 
 Page 2 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

Dent, Tony Employment Agreement May 25, 2022 
 
 the Company will not gross Employee up for any taxes that may be due in connection with the relocation benefits. If Employee s employment with the Company terminates as a result of resignation before the one-year anniversary of the Employee s relocation to Mesa, Arizona where Employee received a reimbursement for relocation, then Employee shall repay the Company the full amount reimbursed under this paragraph. If Employee s employment with the Company terminates for as a result of resignation before the two-year anniversary from when Employee received a reimbursement for relocation, then Employee shall repay the Company 50 of the amount reimbursed under this paragraph. In either event, by entering into this Agreement, Employee authorizes the Company to deduct any sums due under this paragraph from any paycheck, expense reimbursement, or other payment owed by the Company to Employee, to the maximum extent allowed by law. Any remaining amount of the amount reimbursed under this paragraph (that was not repaid via the paycheck deduction) must be repaid by Employee within thirty (30) days after Employee s employment with the Company terminates for any reason. b. Cell Phone Reimbursement . The Company will reimburse Employee for a portion of the Employee s monthly cellular phone statement in the amount of Fifty 50.00) dollars per month, in accordance with the Company s Cell Phone Reimbursement Policy. c. Other Expenses . Upon receipt of prior, written approval from the Company, Employee may be reimbursed for reasonable, business-related expenses. All pre-approved expenses shall be reimbursed within thirty (30) days of Employee s provision of an invoice or reimbursement request, with receipts attached, to the Company, in accordance with the Company s policies. The Company may refuse to reimburse Employee for any expenses which were not: (1) pre-approved by the Company; and/or (2) submitted to the Company without receipts or proof of purchase. Any equipment or intellectual property purchased by the Employee and for which Employee has been reimbursed shall become the sole property of the Company, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company. 6. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT . a. Termination for Cause . The Company may at any time, by written notice to Employee, terminate Employee s employment hereunder for Cause. For purposes hereof, the term Cause shall mean: (a) Employee s conviction or pleading guilty or no contest to a felony or any act of moral turpitude; (b) any willful or intentional act or omission of Employee committed for the purpose, or having the reasonably foreseeable effect, of injuring the Company, its business or reputation, including but not limited to improperly or unlawfully converting for Employee s own personal benefit any property of the Company; (c) any material breach of this Agreement, any failure or refusal by Employee to perform the duties of Employee s employment or to follow the lawful and proper directives of the Board, or to comply with the reasonable and substantial written policies, practices, standards or regulations of the Company; or (d) any negligence, misconduct, fraud, incompetence or insubordination by Employee. This Section is not intended to and shall not affect Employee s at-will employment status. b. Severance Payment . In the event Employee s employment is terminated without Cause or as a result of a Change of Control (as defined below), Employee will be entitled to a payment equal to three (3) months salary for every completed year of employment up to a maximum total payment of six (6) months salary in return for a signed release as outlined in Section 6(e) below. Change of Control means any of the following; (i) any transaction at any time and by whatever means pursuant to which any person or any group of two or more persons acting jointly or in concert (other than the Parent Company or any Affiliate or Subsidiary) thereafter acquires the direct or indirect beneficial ownership (as defined in the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia),) of, or acquires the right to exercise control or direction over, securities of the Parent Company representing 50 or more of the then issued and outstanding voting securities of the Parent Company in any manner whatsoever, including, without limitation, as a result of a Take-Over Bid, an issuance or exchange of securities, an amalgamation of the Parent Company with any other person, an arrangement, a capital reorganization or any other business combination or reorganization; 
 Page 3 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

Dent, Tony Employment Agreement May 25, 2022 
 
 (ii) the sale, assignment or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Parent Company to a person or any group of two or more persons acting jointly or in concert (other than a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent Company); (iii) the occurrence of a transaction requiring approval of the Parent Company s security holders whereby the Parent Company is acquired through consolidation, merger, exchange of securities, purchase of assets, amalgamation, statutory arrangement or otherwise by any person or any group of two or more persons acting jointly or in concert (other than an exchange of securities with a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent Company); or (iv) the Board of Directors passes a resolution to the effect that an event comparable to an event set forth in this definition has occurred; c. Termination upon Death . In the event of Employee s death during the term of this Agreement, this Agreement shall immediately terminate without further obligation to Employee s legal representatives, except for any compensation earned but not yet paid. d. Return of Company Property . Upon termination of employment for any reason, Employee shall immediately deliver to the Company all Company property and Confidential Information in Employee s possession. e. Employee to Provide Release . The Employee acknowledges and agrees that any severance payment made pursuant to this Section 6 of this Agreement shall be in full satisfaction of all terms of termination of Employee semployment. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6, Employee shall not be entitled to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, benefits continuation, damages or any additional compensation whatsoever. As a condition precedent to any payments or benefits pursuant to Section 6 herein, the Employee shall deliver a valid and binding full and final release from all actions or claims, known and unknown, in connection with the Employee s employment with the Companies or the termination thereof in favor of the Companies, their Subsidiaries, their Affiliates and all of their respective officers, directors, trustees, shareholders, employees, attorneys, insurers and agents, such release to be in a form satisfactory to the Parent Company. No payments or benefits under Section 6 herein shall be made until such release has been signed and returned by Employee. 7. PROTECTION OF COMPANY S INTERESTS . a. Conflict of Interest . Employee shall not engage in any activity, on or off duty, that creates an actual or apparent conflict with the financial interests or fiduciary responsibilities of the Company. If Employee suspects that there may be a conflict of interest created by work, Employee may be performing for another person or entity, Employee is obligated to advise Company of the possible conflict in writing immediately. Employee represents and warrants to the Company that there are no existing agreements or arrangements, whether written or oral, in effect which would prevent Employee from performing their duties to the Company. b. No Breach of Prior Agreements . Employee represents that their performance of all the terms of this Agreement and duties as an employee will not breach any invention assignment, proprietary information, confidentiality, non-competition, or other agreement with any former employer or third party. Employee agrees not to disclose any confidential or proprietary information of any former employer or third party that Employee does not have the right to disclose. Employee shall not bring with any documents or materials or intangibles belonging to Employee or a former employer or third party that are not generally available for use by the public without restriction or compensation or have not been legally transferred to the Company. Employee represents and warrants to the Company that there are no agreements or arrangements, whether written or oral, in effect which would prevent Employee from performing their duties for the Company. 
 Page 4 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

Dent, Tony Employment Agreement May 25, 2022 
 
 c. Non-Competition . Employee agrees that during his or her employment and for one (1) year following the termination of their employment with the Company for any reason, whether Employee resigns voluntarily or is terminated by the Company involuntarily, Employee shall not directly or indirectly (i) in any manner whatsoever engage in any capacity with any business that manufactures, markets, distributes or sells three-wheeled electric vehicles Competitive Business ), or any subsidiaries or affiliates of a Competitive Business for the Employee s own benefit or for the benefit of any person or entity other than the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate; or (ii) have any interest as owner, sole proprietor, stockholder, partner, lender, director, officer, manager, employee, consultant, agent or otherwise in any Competitive Business; provided, however, that the Employee may hold, directly or indirectly, solely as an investment, not more than one percent (1 of the outstanding securities of any person or entity which is listed on any national securities exchange or regularly traded in the over-the-counter market notwithstanding the fact that such person or entity is a Competitive Business. d. Non-Solicitation of Employees . Employee agrees that during his or her employment and for one (1) year following the termination of their employment with the Company for any reason, whether Employee resigns voluntarily or is terminated by the Company involuntarily, Employee shall not directly or indirectly, in any capacity hire, solicit, or recruit, or attempt to hire, solicit, or recruit, any employee, advisor or consultant to leave their employment, advisory or consulting role with the Company or any of its Companies. Employee agrees this restriction is reasonable to protect the Company s legitimate business interests. 8. BINDING ARBITRATION . The parties agree, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to submit any and all claims, demands, disputes, controversies, or causes of action, arising out of or relating to Employee s employment with or separation from the Company (collectively the Claims to binding arbitration before AAA. Employee understands and agrees that by signing this Arbitration Agreement, he or she is waiving his or her right to a jury. The arbitration shall be held in accordance with and subject to the AAA Employment Arbitration Rules Mediation Procedures then in effect, which are currently available at: https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/Employment 20Rules.pdf. The Company will provide Employee with a written copy of those rules upon request by Employee. The arbitrator must be a former or retired judge or attorney with at least ten (10) years of experience in employment law. The arbitrator will be chosen by agreement of the parties. However, if the parties fail to reach agreement as to the arbitrator within thirty (30) days after service of the demand for arbitration, the arbitrator shall be appointed by AAA in accordance with its rules. The arbitration shall take place at a location within Maricopa County, Arizona. Discovery will be permitted to the extent permitted by the AAA rules then in effect and in the discretion of the arbitrator. The arbitrator shall resolve any disputes concerning discovery. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may apply to the Courts located in Maricopa County for a provisional remedy, including but not limited to a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction, to the extent necessary to protect intellectual property, inventions, trade secrets, and confidential information. If required by law, the Company shall pay the arbitrator s fees and all costs unique to arbitration, but Employee shall pay an arbitration fee equal to what Employee would be charged as a first appearance fee in the Maricopa County courts. The arbitrator s decision shall be final and binding upon the parties. The arbitrator s decision shall include the arbitrator s findings of fact and conclusions of law and shall be issued in writing within thirty (30) days of the conclusion of the arbitration proceedings. Judgment upon the award rendered in any arbitration may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, or application be made to such court for a judicial acceptance of the award and an enforcement, as Arizona law may require or allow. To the extent permitted by law, Employee hereby waives any right to bring, on behalf of persons other than Employee, or to otherwise participate with other persons in, any class, collective, or representative action. Employee understands, however, that Employee retains the right to bring claims in arbitration as an individual. Employee has no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action Class Action Waiver ). If the Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, unconscionable, void or voidable, only a court of competent jurisdiction, not an arbitrator, may determine the validity of any class, collective, or representative action. 
 Page 5 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

Dent, Tony Employment Agreement May 25, 2022 
 
 9. NON-DISPARAGEMENT . Employee agrees not to make or cause to be made any statements that disparage or damage the Company s products, services, or customers; such communication is not to be made to anyone, including, but not limited to, broadcasting, posting, or publishing disparaging information about the products, services, or customers of the Company through mass media, Internet sites of any type, or any other publicly accessible publications. Employee also agrees not to encourage or incite other current or former employees of the Company to disparage the Company s products, services, or customers. This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 10. GENERAL PROVISIONS. a. Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire understanding among the parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written agreements and any and all prior or contemporaneous oral agreements or understandings relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless by a written instrument or document signed by all parties to this Agreement. No waiver by any party of the breach of any provision in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any continuing or subsequent breach of such provision or any other provision. b. Severability and Assignment . This Agreement shall be deemed to be severable, so that if any provision hereof shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to remain valid and enforceable in accordance with their terms. The terms, provisions, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement shall apply to, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company s successors and assigns. Employee may not assign this Agreement or any rights hereunder in whole or in part or delegate Employee s obligations in whole or in part. c. Legal Counsel . Employee acknowledges that the Company has provided Employee with a reasonable opportunity to obtain independent legal advice with respect to this Agreement, and that Employee either has obtained such independent legal advice prior to executing this Agreement or has willingly chosen not to obtain such advice and to execute this Agreement without having obtained such advice. d. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona, without regard to any choice-of-law provisions. e. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may contain the signatures (which may be original, electronic, facsimile or copy thereof) of one or more of the parties, all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format .pdf form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, or by combination of such means, shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have accepted and agreed to this Agreement, as of the date first set forth above. ELECTRAMECCANICA USA, LLC EMPLOYEE /s/ Bal Bhullar /s/ Dean Anthony Dent By: Bal Bhullar Dean Anthony Dent, II Its: Chief Financial Officer 
 5/25/2022 5/25/2022 Date Date 
 
 Page 6 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement CONFIDENTIALITY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT THIS AGREEMENT is dated May 25, 2022. BETWEEN: ELECTRAMECCANICA VEHICLES CORP, EMV AUTOMOTIVE USA INC. ALL WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES (collectively referred to as the Company AND: DEAN ANTHONY DENT, II an individual, having an address [ ] (the Employee WHEREAS: A. The Company carries on the business of the development, design, manufacturing, sale, service and support of electric vehicles (the Business 
 
 B. The Employee provides services to the Company in connection with the Business as an employee, consultant, contractor or in some other capacity; and C. The parties have agreed to enter into this Agreement to ensure the confidentiality of the Confidential Information of the Company and others and to confirm the Company s ownership of all Developments. NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the payment of employment or continued employment by the Company to the Employee, the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged by each party, the parties hereby covenant and agree as follows: 1. DEFINITIONS 
 
 Page 7 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

 Dent, Tony Confidentiality Agreement 
 Whenever used in this Agreement, unless there is something in the subject matter or context inconsistent therewith, the following words and terms will have the indicated meanings and grammatical variations of such words and terms will have corresponding meanings: (a) Available Information means information that: (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of disclosure in violation of this Agreement;
 (ii) was known by the Employee on a non-confidential basis prior to his or her employment with the Company;
 (iii) was independently developed by the Employee without reference to or using the Company s Confidential Information, as defined below; or
 (iv) was obtained from a source other than the Company without breach or violation of any obligation of confidentiality; and
 
 (b) Confidential Information means: (i) trade secrets, proprietary information and confidential knowledge and information, including matters of a technical nature (such as discoveries, ideas, concepts, designs, drawings, specifications, techniques, models, diagrams, test data, scientific methods, inventions, methods, processes and know-how) and matters of a business nature (such as the identity of customers and prospective customers, the nature of work being done for or discussed with customers or prospective customers, suppliers, marketing techniques and materials, marketing and development plans, pricing or pricing policies, financial information, plans for further development and any other information of a similar nature not available to the public); and
 (ii) all documents and other materials that contain or refer to the information described in paragraph (i) above, including all reports, drawings, blueprints, data, notes, summaries and other documents and records, whether printed, typed, handwritten, videotaped, transmitted or transcribed on data files or on any other type of media, made or compiled by the Employee, or made available to the Employee, during the period of the Employee s employment or engagement with the Company (including the period prior to the date of this Agreement, as applicable) that contain or refer to such information, but, for certainty, does not include any Available Information.
 
 2. NON-DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY 
 Page 8 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

 Dent, Tony Confidentiality Agreement 
 The Employee acknowledges that, during the period of the Employee s employment with the Company, the Employee has had or will have access to Confidential Information of the Company. Therefore, the Employee agrees that, at all times, both during and after the period of the Employee s employment with the Company, the Employee will not, without the prior written approval of the Company, directly or indirectly: (a) reveal, report, publish, disclose or transfer any Confidential Information to any person or entity; or (b) use any Confidential Information of the Company for any purpose or for the benefit of any person or entity, except as may be necessary in the performance of the Employee s work for the Company. The Employee will immediately notify the Company of any actual, suspected or threatened unauthorized disclosure or use of the Confidential Information and will fully comply with any direction issued by the Company concerning the Confidential Information. 3. NON-DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OF THIRD PARTIES The Employee acknowledges that, during the period of the Employee s employment with the Company, the Employee may have had or will have access to confidential and/or proprietary knowledge, data or information from third parties of third parties Third Party Information who have given the Company the right to use such Third Party Information . Therefore, the Employee agrees that, both during and after the period of the Employee s employment or engagement with the Company, the Employee will not, without the prior written approval of the Company, directly or indirectly: (a) reveal, report, publish, disclose or transfer any Third Party Information of such third parties to any person or entity; or (b) use any Third Party Information of such third parties for any purpose or for the benefit of any person or entity, except as may be necessary in the performance of the Employee s work for the Company. 4. PROPERTY OF THE COMPANY The Employee acknowledges and agrees that all Confidential Information of the Company is and will remain the Company s property and will be returned to the Company within five (5) business days after the termination of the Employee s employment or engagement with the Company or at any earlier time on request of the Company. The Employee will not retain copies of any such Confidential Information. For certainty, the obligations of the Employee in this Section 4 are in addition to and not in substitution of any similar obligations of the Employee contained in the Employee s employment, consulting or other agreement with the Company. 5. PROPRIETARY NOTICES 
 Page 9 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

 Dent, Tony Confidentiality Agreement 
 The Employee will not remove, and will not permit any other person to remove, any proprietary or other legends or restrictive notices contained in or included in any Confidential Information. 6. PERMITTED DISCLOSURE Unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Company, the Employee may only disclose the Confidential Information (and only to the extent reasonably necessary): (a) where such disclosure is required by law, provided that the Employee has first notified the Company that the Employee is required to disclose the Confidential Information and the Employee has used reasonable efforts to assist the Company, should the Company wish to do so, to take whatever opportunities are available to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information; and (b) in connection with legal proceedings between the parties relating to the enforcement of the Employee s covenants and obligations in this Agreement. For certainty, unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the Confidential Information may not be disclosed in connection with any dispute or legal proceedings not related to this Agreement. Any disclosure as permitted above will not, in and of itself, affect the confidentiality of the disclosed Confidential Information. 7. DEVELOPMENTS (a) The Employee will promptly and fully inform and disclose to the Company, in writing, all inventions, methods, processes, ideas, concepts, copyrightable material, designs, improvements and discoveries of any kind that the Employee now has made, conceived or developed (including prior to the date of this Agreement, as applicable) or which the Employee may in the future make, conceive or develop, during the period of Employee s employment or engagement with the Company, which pertain or relate to the Business, any work or businesses carried on by the Company or any work or business that the Employee knows the Company intends to conduct in future Developments ). The foregoing covenant applies to all such Developments, whether or not they are: (i) eligible for patent, copyright, trade-mark, trade secret registration or other legal protection; (ii) conceived or developed by the Employee alone or with others; (iii) conceived or developed during regular working hours; (iii.) within the scope of Employee s job description, duties or services, as applicable; or (iv) conceived or developed at the Company s facilities or with the Company s equipment. (b) All Developments will be the sole and exclusive property of the Company and will be deemed part of the Confidential Information of the Company for purposes of this Agreement, whether 
 Page 10 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

 Dent, Tony Confidentiality Agreement 
 or not fixed in a tangible medium of expression. The Employee hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers to the Company all of the Employee s right, title and interest in and to all existing Developments and in all related patents, copyrights and trade-marks, trade secrets and other proprietary rights therein and the Employee hereby irrevocably agrees to assign and transfer to the Company all of the Employee s right, title and interest in and to all future Developments and in all related patents, copyrights and trade-marks, trade secrets and other proprietary rights therein. The Employee hereby irrevocably waives in favour of the Company all moral rights that the Employee has as the author of all existing Developments and hereby irrevocably agrees to waive in favour of the Company all moral rights that the Employee has as the author of all future Developments and irrevocably agrees that such waivers may be invoked by any person authorized by the Company to use the Developments. (c) The Employee will fully assist and cooperate with the Company, as and whenever requested by the Company from time to time, both during and after the period of Employee s employment or engagement with the Company, at the Company s sole expense, to allow the Company to obtain, maintain and enforce patent, copyright, trade-mark, trade secret and other legal protection for the Developments. The Employee will from time to time, as and whenever requested by the Company, execute and deliver all such documents, and do all such things necessary, to enable the Company to obtain such protection and to vest the Company with full and exclusive title in all Developments and to protect the Developments against infringement by others. The Employee hereby grants a limited power of attorney to the then current president and chief executive officer of the Company for the purpose of executing and delivering documents on the Employee s behalf for this purpose if the Employee is unwilling or unable to do so for any reason. (d) The Employee will not be entitled to any additional compensation for any and all Developments made prior to or during the period of the Employee s employment or engagement with the Company. 8. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS The Employee represents and warrants that the Employee has the right to enter into this Agreement, that the Employee s performance of all the terms of this Agreement and the Employee s duties as an employee, consultant or contractor of the Company will not breach any confidential information agreement, non-competition agreement or other agreement with any former company to which the Employee provided services, either as an employee, consultant or contractor, or with any other party, and that the Developments are and will be original developments of the Employee and do not and will not infringe the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any third party. The Employee covenants that the Employee will not disclose to the Company any trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information of any third party that are not generally available to the public. 
 Page 11 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

 Dent, Tony Confidentiality Agreement 
 9. DISCLOSURE OF THIS AGREEMENT The Employee hereby authorizes the Company to notify others, including customers of the Company and any of the Employee s affiliates or subsidiaries, of the terms of this Agreement and the Employee s representations, covenants and obligations under this Agreement. 10. REMEDIES The Employee acknowledges that monetary damages alone would not adequately compensate the Company in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Employee of this Agreement and that, in addition to all other remedies available to the Company at law or in equity, the Company will be entitled to injunctive relief for the enforcement of its rights and to an accounting of profits made during the period of such breach. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided to a party are cumulative and in addition to and not exclusive of or in substitution for any rights, remedies, powers and privileges otherwise available to that party. 11. NO RIGHTS GRANTED Except as otherwise expressly set out herein, the Employee understands that nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to constitute, by implication or otherwise, the grant by the Company to the Employee, of any license or other right under any patent, patent application or other intellectual property right or interest belonging to the Company. 12. FURTHER ASSURANCES Each of the parties covenants and agrees that, at any time and from time to time, it, at its expense and upon the reasonable request of the other party, will do, execute, acknowledge and deliver, or cause to be done, executed, acknowledged and delivered, all such further acts, deeds, assignments, transfers, conveyances and assurances as may be required for the carrying out and performance of all the terms of this Agreement. 13. ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS The Company has the right to assign this Agreement to another party. The Employee may not assign the Employee s rights under this Agreement or delegate to others, the Employee s functions and duties under this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Company, which such consent may be arbitrarily withheld or delayed. 14. ENUREMENT The Employee agrees that the covenants contained in this Agreement will, as applicable, survive the termination of the Employee s employment or engagement with the Company and that this Agreement will bind the Employee and the Employee s heirs, executors, administrators, successors, permitted assigns, committees and trustees, as applicable, and will ensure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns. 
 Page 12 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

 Dent, Tony Confidentiality Agreement 
 15. NOTICES Any notice given or required to be given under this Agreement must be in writing and must be signed by or on behalf of the party giving it. Such notice may be served personally and in either case may be sent by priority post to the addresses of the parties noted on page one of this Agreement, or by fax, email or other electronic transmission. Any notice served personally will be deemed served immediately and if mailed by priority post will be deemed served 72 hours after the time of posting, and if sent by electronic transmission, upon successful transmission. 16. MODIFICATION No amendment or waiver of, or modification of any obligation under, this Agreement will be enforceable unless specifically set forth in a writing signed by the party against which enforcement is sought. 17. WAIVER The waiver by the Company or the Employee of any breach or violation of any part of this Agreement will not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or violation. 18. SEVERABILITY If any part of this Agreement is determined by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, then such part will be severed from this Agreement and will not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement. It is not a defence to the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement that the Company has breached or failed to perform any obligation or covenant hereunder or under any other agreement or understanding between the Employee and the Company. 19. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE This Agreement will be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State in which Employee resides. Employee hereby expressly consents to the arbitration of any dispute arising from or related to this Agreement, as more fully set forth in the Employee s Employment Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Employee or the Company may apply to the courts for a provisional remedy in accordance with Section 10 of this Agreement. 20. ENTIRE AGREEMENT This Agreement, together with any employment, consulting or contractor agreement between the Company and the Employee, supersedes all prior representations, arrangements, negotiations, understandings and agreements between the parties, both written and oral, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and sets forth the entire complete and exclusive agreement and understanding between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
 Page 13 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

 Dent, Tony Confidentiality Agreement 
 21. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS THE EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (a) THE EMPLOYEE HAS READ AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS THIS AGREEMENT; (b) THE EMPLOYEE HAS BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND SEEK INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND HAS EITHER OBTAINED SUCH ADVICE OR DECLINED THE OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN SUCH ADVICE; AND (d) THE EMPLOYEE S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THE EMPLOYEE S EMPLOYMENT OR ENGAGEMENT WITH THE COMPANY FOR ANY REASON. IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. COMPANY: ELECTRAMECCANICA USA, LLC Per: /s/ Bal Bhullar BAL BHULLAR Chief Financial Officer 
 EMPLOYEE: /s/ Dean Anthony Dent DEAN ANTHONY DENT, II 
 
 Page 14 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

 Exhibit B: Job Description 
 Exhibit B 

ELectraMeccanica Vehicles 

Position Title: General Counsel Date Prepared: May 16, 2022 Reports To: Chief Executive Officer Division/Department: Legal Location: Mesa, Arizona 

JOB PURPOSE 
 Reporting to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), the General Counsel is the Company s main attorney and primary source of legal direction. The General Counsel is a business partner offering legal advice and guidance to various business leaders within the Company. The role drafts, reviews and approves legal documents, coordinates with outside counsel and proactively researches regulations / bylaws and other legal requirements to ensure compliance. This role requires someone with an agile mindset, a willingness to work in a collaborative environment as a business partner and develop the legal understanding of the Company s Management. This role will begin as an individual contributor role but grow into a people manager role as the Company grows and warrants additional legal support. 
 KEY JOB FUNCTIONS 
 General Requirements Advises senior leadership on new laws, existing laws and legal requirements that would impact the Company. Drafts, reviews and approves legal documentation including but not limited to agreements, opinions, responses, etc. Oversees the legal matters of the business, acting as the Company s legal representative. Responsible for preparing, registering and tracking the Company s required operational licenses (sales / manufacturing / dealer, etc.). Creates and updates Company s legal strategy pertaining to legal actions / disputes. Develops and tracks a legal repository of agreements and legal documents. Acts as a business partner, providing recommendations to management on legal matters. Creates and manages relationships with outside counsels. Files copyrights and trademarks for Intellectual Property and Patent Portfolio. Management Requirements Manage, mentor and develop a team of legal professionals as the Company grows, providing leadership and guidance. 
 Page 15 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

 Dent, Tony Confidentiality Agreement 
 Conducts performance management and sets goals with team members. Establish a level of accountability within your team, through empowering and establishing clear responsibilities. Displays dedication, time management, cadence and effectively elevates their team when needed. Assists with recruiting and building an effective legal team. WORKING CONDITIONS 
 Work within the Mesa Manufacturing Plant. International and domestic travel when required. SKILLS / KNOWLEDGE / EXPERIENCE / EDUCATION REQUIRED 
 Juris Doctor Degree from an accredited US law school. Minimum 15 years of legal experience required. Minimum 10 years of experience as internal counsel for an automotive company required. Minimum 5 years of experience as an outside counsel is considered an asset. International legal experience required, North American (CA, US, MX) experience is required with one of EMEA, LATAM or APAC is required. US legal experience required. Experience with automotive or motorcycle regulations is required. Proficient legal experience in M A, Commercial, Taxes or Securities is preferred. Proficient with Microsoft Suite is preferred. Knowledge of statutes, rules and regulations pertaining to the automotive industry is strongly preferred. Legally able to work in the United States of America and legally able to travel to Canada are required. 
 Page 16 of 16 DAD/5/25/2022 Employee Initials/Date 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 5
 solo-20221231xex10d13.htm
 EX-10.13

Exhibit 10.13 

 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT Among each of : ELECTRAMECCANICA VEHICLES CORP. And : MARK ORSMOND Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp. 8057 North Fraser Way, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada, V5J 5M8 

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT is made and dated for reference as fully executed effective on this 22 nd day of August, 2022. BETWEEN : ELECTRAMECCANICA VEHICLES CORP. , a company incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada, and having an address for delivery and notice located at 8057 North Fraser Way, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada, V5J 5M8 (the Company OF THE FIRST PART AND : MARK ORSMOND , businessperson, having an address for notice and delivery located at [ ] (the Executive OF THE SECOND PART (and each of the Company and the Executive being hereinafter singularly also referred to as a Party and collectively referred to as the Parties as the context so requires). WHEREAS : A. The Company is a reporting company incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada; B. The Executive has experience in and specializes in providing Company with valuable financial and accounting services in order to provide them with valuable guidance in the execution of their business and financial plans; C. The Company is focused on developing various manufacturing technologies related to and associated with the commercialization of its innovate electric vehicles and related business interests and, as a consequence thereof, the Company is hereby desirous of formally retaining the Executive as the Chief Financial Officer and an executive of the Company, and the Executive is hereby desirous of continuing in such positions, in order to provide such related Services (as hereinafter defined) to the Company; D. As a consequence of the Executive s anticipated and valuable role within the Company, the Parties acknowledge and agree that there have been various discussions, negotiations, understandings and agreements between them relating to the terms and conditions of the Services (as herein defined and determined) and, correspondingly, that it is their intention by the terms and conditions of this Executive Employment Services Agreement (the Agreement 

 - 2 - 
 to hereby replace, in their entirety, all such prior discussions, negotiations, understandings and agreements with respect to the Services; and E. The Parties have agreed to enter into this Agreement which replaces, in its entirety, all prior discussions, negotiations, understandings and agreements as between them, and, furthermore, which necessarily clarifies their respective duties and obligations with respect to the within Services to be provided hereunder, all in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH that, in consideration of the mutual covenants and provisos herein contained, THE PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS : Article 1 DEFINITIONS Definitions 1.1 For the purposes of this Agreement, the following words and phrases shall have the following meanings: (a) Affiliate has the meaning ascribed to it in the BCA; (b) Agreement means this agreement, including any schedules hereto, as amended, supplemented or modified in writing from time to time; (c) Arbitration Act means the International Commercial Arbitration Act (British Columbia), as amended from time to time; (d) BCA means the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia), as amended from time to time; (e) Benefits means those benefits, perquisites, allowances and entitlements as described in Section 4.2 herein and in which the Executive is participating as at the Date of Termination; (f) Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company as duly constituted from time to time; (g) Bonus has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4.3 herein; (h) Business means the business of developing technology and business interests related to and associated with the commercialization of the Company s innovate electric vehicles or any other products or line of business that are actively carried on by the Company or in the Company s active contemplation and about which the Executive has Confidential Information or is actively involved in as at the Date of Termination; (i) Change of Control , Good Reason , Just Cause , Take-over Bid and Total Disability have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 5.1 herein; 

 - 3 - 
 (j) Chief Executive Officer means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company as duly appointed from time to time by the Board of Directors; (k) Company means Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp., or any successor company to the Company, as duly constituted from time to time; (l) Company s Non-Renewal Notice has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 2.2 herein; (m) Confidential Information has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 6.1 herein; (n) Date of Termination means the date of cessation of the Executive s employment with the Company (including by way of resignation) without regard to any notice of termination, pay in lieu of notice of termination or other damages; (o) Effective Date has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 2.1 herein; (p) Exchange Act , Form S-8 Registration Statement , Registration Statement and Securities Act have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 4.10 herein; (q) Executive means Mark Orsmond; (r) Expenses has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4.8 herein; (s) Indemnified Parties and Indemnitee have the meanings ascribed to them in Sections 10.1 and 10.4 herein; (t) Intellectual Property Rights has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 8.2 herein; (u) Inventions has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 8.1 herein; (v) LTIP means the Long Term Incentive Plan applicable to the Company s executives as may be established and amended by the Board of Directors from time to time; (w) Monthly Salary means the Monthly Salary of the Executive as set out in Section 4.1 herein; (x) Option , Option Plan and Option Share have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 4.9 herein; (y) Person has the meaning ascribed to it in the Interpretation Act (British Columbia) and which, for the purposes of this Agreement, shall include the Company; (z) RRSP has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4.4 herein; (aa) Services has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.2 herein; 

 - 4 - 
 (bb) STIP means the Short Term Incentive Plan applicable to the Company s executives as may be established and amended by the Board of Directors from time to time; (cc) Subsidiary has the meaning ascribed to it in the BCA; (dd) Term has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 2.1 herein; (ee) Termination Amount has the meaning ascribed to it from time to time in Article 5 herein; (ff) Termination Option Exercise Period has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 5.4 herein; (gg) Territory has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 7.1 herein; and (hh) Vacation has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4.7 herein. Article 2 TERM AND RENEWAL Term 2.1 The initial term of this Agreement (the Term is for a period of two years commencing on August 22, 2022 (the Effective Date ), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as hereinafter provided. Renewal 2.2 Subject at all times to the provisions of Article 7 hereof, this Agreement shall renew automatically if not specifically terminated in accordance with the following provisions. The Company agrees to notify the Executive in writing at least 30 calendar days prior to the end of the Term of its intent not to renew this Agreement (the Company s Non-Renewal Notice ). Should the Company fail to provide a Company s Non-Renewal Notice this Agreement shall automatically renew on a one-month to one-month term renewal basis after the Term until otherwise specifically renewed in writing by each of the Parties for the next one-month term of renewal or, otherwise, terminated upon delivery by the Company of a corresponding and follow-up 30 calendar day Company s Non-Renewal Notice in connection with and within 30 calendar days prior to the end of any such one-month term renewal period. Any such renewal on a one-month basis shall be on the same terms and conditions contained herein unless modified and agreed to in writing by the Parties in advance. Article 3 POSITION, SERVICES AND DUTIES Condition of Employment 3.2 The Executive s employment with the Company is conditional upon satisfactory reference and background checks, in the Company s sole discretion, and final approval of the Board of Directors. 

 - 5 - 
 Position and Services 3.2 Subject as otherwise herein provided, during the Term and during the continuance of this Agreement the Company hereby agrees to retain the Executive as the Chief Financial Officer and an executive of the Company, and the Executive hereby agrees to accept such positions and be subject to the direction and supervision of, and to have the authority as is delegated to the Executive by, the Board of Directors consistent with such positions, and the Executive also agrees to accept such positions in order to provide such services as the Board of Directors shall, from time to time, reasonably assign to the Executive and as may be necessary for the ongoing maintenance and development of the Company various Business interests during the Term and during the continuance of this Agreement (collectively, the Services it being acknowledged and agreed by each of the Parties that the Executive shall commit and provide to the Company the Services on a reasonably sufficient and full-time basis during the Term and during the continuance of this Agreement for which the Company, as more particularly set forth herein, hereby agrees to pay and provide to the order and direction of the Executive each of the proposed compensation amounts as set forth in Article 3 herein. Place of Employment 3.3 The Executive shall perform the Services and duties at such locations as are necessary and/or agreed to by the Executive and the Chief Executive Officer for the performance of the Services and the duties and including, without limitation from time to time, at the Company s Burnaby office and at the Executive s home. The Executive acknowledges that national and international travel will be required for the purpose of providing certain of the Services hereunder, and the Executive agrees that it will not be a breach of this Agreement for the place of employment to be changed on a reasonable basis. Authority 3.4 In this regard it is hereby acknowledged and agreed that the Executive shall be entitled to communicate with and shall rely upon the immediate advice, direction and instructions of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or upon the advice or instructions of such other director or officer of the Company as the Chief Executive Officer shall, from time to time, designate in times of the Chief Executive Officer s absence, in order to initiate, coordinate and implement the Services as contemplated herein subject, at all times, to the final direction and supervision of the Board of Directors. Executive Covenant 3.5 Without in any manner limiting the generality of the Services to be provided as set forth in Section 3.1 hereinabove, the Executive shall devote the whole of the Executive s working time and effort to the Executive s Services, duties and obligations hereunder and shall use the Executive s best efforts to promote the interests of the Company and its respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates; provided, however, that the Executive may serve as an independent director for other entities, subject to the prior written approval of the Board of Directors, and subject to such service as a director of another entity not placing the Executive into any conflict of interest in respect of the Executive s duties hereunder and to the Company. Should the Company determine, with the Executive s prior consent, that the Executive shall be appointed as a director of the Company, the Company and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries, and with or without extra fees or compensation, the Company will provide the Executive with directors and officers liability insurance coverage (in terms satisfactory to the Company in its sole discretion and pursuant to applicable plans and policies) for each such appointment. 

 - 6 - 
 Concerns 3.6 Recognizing the Company s commitment to achieving the highest standards of openness and accountability, the Executive shall raise, in a prompt manner, any good faith concerns the Executive has regarding the conduct of the Company s Business or compliance with the Company financial, legal or reporting obligations. Such good faith concerns should be brought first to the attention of the Chief Executive Officer and subsequently to the Board of Directors. Reporting 3.7 The Executive will report to the person holding the office of Chief Executive Officer. The Executive will report fully on the management, operations and business affairs of the Company and advise, to the best of the Executive s ability and in accordance with reasonable business standards, on all Business matters that may arise from time to time. Additional Duties and Obligations of Employment 3.8 Rules and Policies . The Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees to abide by the reasonable rules, regulations, instructions, personnel practices and policies of the Company and any changes therein which may be adopted from time to time by the same as such rules, regulations, instructions, personnel practices and policies may be reasonably applied to the Executive as an executive of the Company. 3.9 Effort . The Executive will also: (a) devote reasonable efforts and attention to the Business and affairs of the Company; (b) perform the Services in a competent and efficient manner and in a manner consistent with the Executive s obligations to the Company and in compliance with all the Company policies, and will carry out all lawful instructions and directions from time to time given to the Executive; and (c) promote the interests and goodwill of the Company. 3.10 Reports . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that all written and oral opinions, reports, advice and materials provided by the Executive to the Company in connection with the Executive s employment and the Services hereunder are intended solely for the Company s benefit and for the Company s uses only, and that any such written and oral opinions, reports, advice and information are the exclusive property of the Company. In this regard the Executive covenants and agrees that the Company may utilize any such opinion, report, advice and materials for any other purpose whatsoever and, furthermore, may reproduce, disseminate, quote from and refer to, in whole or in part, at any time and in any manner, any such opinion, report, advice and materials in the Company s sole and absolute discretion. The Executive further covenants and agrees that no public references to the Executive or disclosure of the Executive s role in respect of the Company may be made by the Executive without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer in each specific instance. 3.11 Business Conduct . The Executive warrants that the Executive shall conduct the business and other activities in a manner which is lawful and reputable and which brings good repute to the Company, the Company s Business interests and the Executive. In particular, and in this regard, the Executive specifically warrants to provide the Services in a sound and professional manner such that the same meet superior standards of performance quality within the standards of 

 - 7 - 
 the industry or as set by the specifications of the Company. In the event that the Board of Directors has a reasonable concern that the business as conducted by the Executive is being conducted in a way contrary to law or is reasonably likely to bring disrepute to the Business interests or to the Company s or the Executive s reputation, the Company may require that the Executive make such alterations in the Executive s business conduct or structure, whether of management or board representation or employee or sub-licensee representation, as the Board of Directors may reasonably require in its sole and absolute discretion. 3.12 Compliance with Laws . The Executive will comply with all Canadian, U.S. and foreign laws, whether federal, provincial or state, applicable to the Executive s respective duties and obligations hereunder and, in addition, hereby represents and warrants that any information which the Executive may provide to any person or company hereunder will, to the best of the Executive s knowledge, information and belief, be accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading, and will not omit to state any fact or information which would be material to such person or company. Article 4 COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS Monthly Salary 4.1 It is hereby acknowledged and agreed that the Executive shall render the Services as defined hereinabove during the Term and during the continuance of this Agreement and shall thus be compensated from the Effective Date of this Agreement to the termination of the same by way of the payment by the Company to the Executive of the Canadian dollar equivalent of the gross monthly salary of CAD 40,373.00 (the Monthly Salary that being CAD 484,476.00 per year). All such Monthly Salary payments shall be paid in such instalments and at such times and in the same manner as the Company pays its other senior executives generally, but not less than monthly. Increase in Monthly Salary 4.2 The Company will review the Monthly Salary payable to the Executive from time to time during the Term and during the continuance of this Agreement and may, in its sole and absolute discretion, increase the Monthly Salary depending on the Executive s performance of the Services and having regard to the financial circumstances of the Company. Bonus 4.3 It is hereby also acknowledged that the Board of Directors shall, in good faith, consider the payment of reasonable industry standard annual bonuses (each being a Bonus to the Executive based upon the performance of the Company and upon the achievement by the Executive and/or the Company of reasonable management objectives to be reasonably established by the Board of Directors (after reviewing proposals with respect thereto defined by the Executive and delivered to the Board of Directors by the Executive at least 30 calendar days before the beginning of the relevant year of the Company (or within 90 calendar days following the commencement of the Company s first calendar year commencing on the Effective Date). These management objectives shall consist of both financial and subjective goals and shall be specified in writing by the Board of Directors, and a copy shall be given to the Executive prior to the commencement of the applicable year. The payment of any such Bonus shall be payable, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Company, in either cash and/or common shares or other stock-based compensation of the Company, no later than within 120 calendar days of the ensuing year after any calendar year commencing on the Effective Date. 

 - 8 - 
 Benefits 4.4 The Executive shall be eligible for participation in the following benefits, perquisites and allowances (each, a Benefit ): (a) Group Benefits . Subject to the terms and conditions of applicable plans and policies, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in all group insured benefit plans and policies provided by the Company to similarly situated executives of the Company (including dental, health and life insurance), as such plans and policies may be amended from time to time, without notice. The Executive is responsible for the payment of any long term disability benefit premiums. Payments are automatically deducted monthly and are based on annual income. The Company s sole obligation will be to pay relevant employer portions of premiums; (b) Smartphone . The Company shall provide the Executive with a smartphone to be used for Business purposes and shall pay for and/or reimburse the Executive for all expenses and costs associated with maintaining the same; and (c) RRSP Contribution . The Executive shall have the right to participate in such registered RRSP plans(s) as provided for by the Company from time to time after three months from the Effective Date of this Agreement. STIPs 4.5 The Executive shall be eligible to participate in any STIP introduced by the Company from time to time. The Executive s target bonus under the STIP shall be as determined by the Board of Directors and the Executive s goals under the STIP shall be approved and assessed in the absolute discretion of the Board of Directors on an annual basis. Any STIP awards will be pro-rated based on the total months worked in any calendar year. The Executive will not be entitled to any payment on account of the STIP, pro-rata or otherwise, for any period beyond the Date of Termination. LTIPs 4.6 The Executive shall be eligible to participate in any LTIP introduced by the Company from time to time. The terms of such participation and any awards or payments made under the LTIP shall be determined by the Board of Directors from time to time in its sole discretion. The Executive will not be entitled to any payment on account of the LTIP, pro-rata or otherwise, for any period beyond the Date of Termination. Vacation 4.7 The Executive shall be entitled to five weeks paid vacation per calendar year; such vacation to extend for such periods and to be taken at such intervals as shall be appropriate and consistent with the proper performance of the Executive s duties and as agreed upon between the Executive and the Chief Executive Officer from time to time (the Vacation ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Executive utilize in excess of ten consecutive business days of vacation time without notification to and approval from the Chief Executive Officer acting reasonably. To the extent permitted by applicable law, accumulated vacation time or pay may not be carried forward except with the prior approval of the Board of Directors. 

 - 9 - 
 Reimbursement of Expenses 4.8 Upon presentation of proper receipts or other proof of expenditure and subject to such reasonable guidelines or limitations provided by the Company from time to time, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for all reasonable and necessary business and travel expenses actually incurred by the Executive directly in connection with the Business affairs of the Company and the performance of the Executive s duties hereunder (collectively, the Expenses ). The Executive shall comply with such reasonable limitations and reporting requirements with respect to such Expenses, including provision of receipts and related documentation, as the Chief Executive Officer may establish from time to time. Stock Options 4.9 Option grants . Subject to the following and the provisions of Section 4.10 herein, it is hereby acknowledged and agreed that, on or about the Effective Date hereof, the Executive will be granted, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Company s existing 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the Option Plan ), an initial incentive stock option (the Option to purchase up to an aggregate of 500,000 common shares of the Company (each, an Option Share ), and vesting as to initial one-third of the Option Shares on the Effective Date with the balance of two-thirds of the Option Shares vesting monthly and at the end of each month during the Term, at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company s shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the date of the Option grant and for an exercise period ending seven years from the date of grant. In this regard it is hereby acknowledged that the Option granted to the Executive herein was negotiated as between the Parties in the context of the stage of development of the Company existing prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement. Correspondingly, it is hereby acknowledged and agreed that any further Options granted by the Company to the Executive shall be reviewed and renegotiated at the request of either Party on a reasonably consistent basis during the Term and during the continuance of this Agreement and, in the event that the Parties cannot agree, then the number of Options shall be increased on an annual basis by the percentage which is the average percentage of all increases to Company executive officer Options within the Company during the previous 12-month period; and in each case on similar and reasonable exercise terms and conditions. Any dispute respecting either the effectiveness or magnitude of the final number and terms of any such further Option grants hereunder shall be determined by arbitration in accordance with Article 11 herein. 4.10 Option registration and compliance . In this regard, and subject also to the following, it is hereby acknowledged and agreed that the exercise of any such Options shall be subject, at all times, to such vesting and resale provisions as may then be contained in the Option Plan and as may be finally determined by the Board of Directors, acting reasonably. In this regard, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of each final form of Company Option agreement, as the same may exist from time to time, the Parties hereby also acknowledge and agree that: (a) Registration of Option Shares under the Options : the Company will use reasonable commercial efforts to file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC a registration statement on Form S-8 (the Form S-8 Registration Statement within one year after the Effective Date hereof covering the issuance of all Option Shares of the Company underlying the then issued Options, and such Form S-8 Registration Statement shall comply with all requirements of the United States Securities Act of 1933 , as amended (the Securities Act ). In this regard the Company shall use its best efforts to ensure that the Form S-8 Registration Statement remains effective as long as such Options are outstanding, and the Executive fully understands and acknowledges that any 

 - 10 - 
 such Option Shares will be issued in reliance upon the exemption afforded under the Form S-8 Registration Statement which is available only if the Executive acquires such Option Shares for investment purposes and not with a view to distribution. The Executive is familiar with the phrase acquired for investment and not with a view to distribution as it relates to the Securities Act and the special meaning given to such term in various releases of the SEC; (b) Section 16 compliance : the Company shall ensure that all grants of Options are made to ensure compliance with all applicable provisions, if applicable, of the exemption afforded under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended (the Exchange Act ). Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall have an independent committee of the Board of Directors approve each grant of Options to the Executive and, if required, by the applicable regulatory authorities and the shareholders of the Company. If and when required, the Company shall file, on behalf of the Executive, all reports required to filed with the SEC pursuant to the requirements of Section 16(a) under the Exchange Act and applicable rules and regulations; (c) Disposition of any Option Shares : the Executive acknowledges and understands that, without in anyway limiting the acknowledgements and understandings as set forth hereinabove, the Executive agrees that the Executive shall in no event make any disposition of all or any portion of the Option Shares which the Executive may acquire hereunder unless and until: (i) there is then in effect a Registration Statement under the Securities Act covering such proposed disposition and such disposition is made in accordance with said Registration Statement; or (ii) (A) the Executive shall have notified the Company of the proposed disposition and shall have furnished the Company with a detailed statement of the circumstances surrounding the proposed disposition; (B) the Executive shall have furnished the Company with an opinion of the Executive s own counsel to the effect that such disposition will not require registration of any such Option Shares under the Securities Act; and (C) such opinion of the Executive s counsel shall have been concurred in by counsel for the Company and the Company shall have advised the Executive of such concurrence; and (d) Payment for any Option Shares : it is hereby further acknowledged and agreed that, during the Term and any continuance of this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to exercise any Option granted and pay for the same by way of the prior agreement of the Executive, in the Executive s sole and absolute discretion, and with the prior knowledge of the Company, to settle any indebtedness which may be due and owing by the Company under this Agreement in payment for the exercise price of any Option Shares acquired thereunder. No other Benefits 4.11 The Executive is not entitled to any other payment, benefit, perquisite, allowance or entitlement other than as specifically set out in this Agreement or as otherwise approved by the Chief Executive Officer and agreed to in writing and signed by either of the Company and the Executive. 

 - 11 - 
 Payment of compensation and status as a taxable employee 4.12 It is hereby also acknowledged and agreed that, unless otherwise agreed to in advance and in writing by the Parties, the Executive will be classified as a taxable employee of the Company for all purposes, such that all compensation which is provided by the Company to the Executive under this Agreement, or otherwise, will be calculated on a net basis and otherwise for which statutory taxes will first be deducted by the Company. Article 5 TERMINATION Definitions 5.1 For the purposes of this Article 5, the following terms have the following meanings: (a) Change of Control means any of: (i) any transaction at any time and by whatever means pursuant to which any person or any group of two or more persons acting jointly or in concert (other than the Company or any Affiliate or Subsidiary) thereafter acquires the direct or indirect beneficial ownership (as defined in the BCA) of, or acquires the right to exercise control or direction over, securities of the Company representing 50 or more of the then issued and outstanding voting securities of the Company in any manner whatsoever, and including, without limitation, as a result of a Take-Over Bid, an issuance or exchange of securities, an amalgamation of the Company with any other person, an arrangement, a capital reorganization or any other business combination or reorganization; (ii) the sale, assignment or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to a person or any group of two or more persons acting jointly or in concert (other than a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company); (iii) the occurrence of a transaction requiring approval of the Company s security holders whereby the Company is acquired through consolidation, merger, exchange of securities, purchase of assets, amalgamation, statutory arrangement or otherwise by any person or any group of two or more persons acting jointly or in concert (other than an exchange of securities with a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company); or (iv) the Board of Directors passes a resolution to the effect that an event comparable to an event set forth in this definition has occurred; (b) Good Reason means: (i) without the express written consent of the Executive, the assignment to the Executive of any duties materially inconsistent with the Executive s position, duties and responsibilities with the Company immediately prior to such assignment, or any removal of the Executive from, or any failure to re-elect the Executive to, material positions, duties and responsibilities with the Company; 

 - 12 - 
 (ii) a material reduction in total compensation, including Monthly Salary, incentive compensation, including Options, Benefits (including pension, life insurance, health and accident benefits) and perquisites the Executive was receiving immediately prior to insolvency or a Change of Control; or (iii) any reason which would be considered to amount to constructive dismissal by a court of competent jurisdiction; (c) Just Cause means any act, omission, behaviour, conduct or circumstance of the Executive that constitutes just cause for dismissal of the Executive at common law; (d) Take-Over Bid means a take-over bid as defined in National Instrument 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids ; and (e) Total Disability means any physical or mental incapacity, disease or affliction of the Executive (as determined by a legally qualified medical practitioner or by a court in accordance with the Company s group benefit plan) which has prevented or which will prevent the Executive from performing the essential duties of the Executive s positions (taking into account reasonable accommodation by the Company) for a continuous period of six months or any cumulative period of 180 days in any 12 consecutive month period. Termination 5.2 Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Executive s employment may be terminated at any time as follows: (a) Death . This Agreement and the Executive s employment shall automatically terminate upon the death of the Executive. In such event, the Company shall provide, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, the payments and entitlements as set out in Section 5.4 herein; (b) Total Disability . The Company may terminate this Agreement and the Executive s employment at any time as a result of Total Disability upon providing 30 calendar days written notice to the Executive. In such event, the Company shall provide, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, the payments, benefits and entitlements as set out in Section 5.5 herein; (c) Just Cause . The Company may terminate this Agreement and the Executive s employment at any time forthwith for any Just Cause; (d) Non-Renewal . This Agreement and the Executive s employment shall terminate upon the delivery of a Company s Non-Renewal Notice in accordance with Section 2.2 herein. In such event, the Company shall provide, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, the payments, benefits and entitlements as set out in Section 5.6 herein; (e) Without Just Cause . The Company may terminate this Agreement and the Executive s employment at any time without Just Cause and for any reason or no reason whatsoever by providing written notice to the Executive specifying the effective Date of Termination (such date being not less than one month after the date of the Company s written notice) (which may be forthwith). In such event, the 

 - 13 - 
 Company shall provide, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, the payments, benefits and entitlements as set out in Section 5.7 herein; (f) Resignation . The Executive may terminate this Agreement and the Executive s employment at any time by providing written notice to the Board of Directors specifying the Date of Termination (such date being not less than three months after the date of the Executive s written notice). The Company may elect to deem any date prior to the date specified in the notice as the Date of Termination. For greater certainty, the Executive shall not be entitled to any further payments whatsoever beyond the date specified by the Company; and (g) Change of Control . The Executive may terminate this Agreement and the Executive s employment at any time in connection with any Change of Control of the Company by providing not less than 90 calendar days notice in writing of said Date of Termination to the Company after the Change of Control has been effected; provided, however, that the Company may waive or abridge any notice period specified in such notice in its sole and absolute discretion; and provided, further, that the Company will be entitled to carefully review and object to any said Change of Control designation by the Executive within 30 calendar days of said notice; the final determination of which, upon dispute, if any, to be determined by arbitration in accordance with Article 11 herein. Termination for Just Cause or Resignation 5.3 If this Agreement and the Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to either subsections 5.2(c) or 5.2(f) herein, then the Company shall pay to the Executive an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned by and payable to the Executive up to the Date of Termination, and the Executive shall have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, continuation of Benefits or any damages whatsoever. Participation in all bonus plans (specifically including any Bonus) or other equity or profit participation plans terminates immediately upon the Date of Termination and the Executive shall not be entitled to any additional Bonus or incentive award, pro rata or otherwise, except as may have been owing to the Executive for the Company s completed fiscal year immediately preceding the Date of Termination. Termination by Reason of Death 5.4 If this Agreement and the Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to subsection 5.2(a) herein, then the Company shall pay to and provide the Executive s estate and, if applicable, the Executive s immediate family members, with the following: (a) the Company shall pay an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned by and payable to the Executive up to the Date of Termination; and the Executive shall then have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, continuation of Benefits or any damages whatsoever save and except any entitlements to statutory termination, continuation of Benefits and termination pay that may be required in such circumstances; (b) the Company shall pay the Executive s annual performance Bonus entitlements (if any) calculated pro rata for the period up to the Date of Termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date, such payment(s) being made immediately if the amount can be readily determined but, in any event, no later than 30 calendar days following the Board of Directors approval of the audited financial 

 - 14 - 
 statements for the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs; and the Executive shall then have no right to further participation in all Company bonus plans (specifically including any Bonus) or other equity or profit participation plans which terminate immediately upon the Date of Termination; and (c) subject to Section 5.10 herein, and subject to the Company s then Option Plan and the rules and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for the Executive s estate to then exercise any unexercised and fully vested portion of any Options on the Date of Termination at any time during 12 months from the Date of Termination (the Termination Option Exercise Period ). Termination by Reason of Total Disability 5.5 If this Agreement and the Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to subsection 5.2(b) herein, then the Company shall pay to and provide the Executive with the following: (a) the Company shall pay an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned by and payable to the Executive up to the Date of Termination; and the Executive shall then have no entitlement to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, continuation of Benefits or any damages whatsoever save and except any entitlements to statutory termination, continuation of Benefits and termination pay that may be required in such circumstances; (b) the Company shall pay the Executive s annual performance Bonus entitlements (if any) calculated pro rata for the period up to the Date of Termination based on the achievement of the objectives to such date, such payment(s) being made immediately if the amount can be readily determined but, in any event, no later than 30 calendar days following the Board of Directors approval of the audited financial statements for the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs; and the Executive shall then have no right to further participation in all Company bonus plans (specifically including any Bonus) or other equity or profit participation plans which terminate immediately upon the Date of Termination; (c) subject to provisions of any of the Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits are being provided to the Executive hereunder, continue each of the Executive s Benefits in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the Date of Termination; and (d) subject to Section 5.10 herein, and subject to the Company s then Option Plan and the rules and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for the Executive to then exercise any unexercised and fully vested portion of any Options on the Date of Termination at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period. Termination by for Non-Renewal 5.6 If this Agreement and the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company in accordance with a Company s Non-Renewal Notice pursuant to subsection 5.1(d) herein, then the following provisions shall apply: (a) the Company shall pay to the Executive an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned by the Executive and payable to the Executive up to the Date 

 - 15 - 
 of Termination, together with any other Vacation pay required to comply with applicable employment standards legislation; (b) the Company shall pay to the Executive the Executive s annual performance Bonus entitlements (if any) calculated pro rata for the period up to the Date of Termination based on achievement of the objectives to such date, such payment(s) being made not later than 30 calendar days following the Board of Directors approval of the audited financial statements for the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs; (c) the Company shall pay to the Executive, as termination pay, an amount equal to four months Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company under this Agreement commencing from the Effective Date up to a total maximum of 16 months Monthly Salary based on the Executive s Monthly Salary as at the Date of Termination (collectively, the Termination Amount herein). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing between the Parties, the foregoing Termination Amount shall be paid within 30 calendar days of the Date of Termination; (d) subject to provisions of any of the Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits are being provided to the Executive hereunder, continue each of the Executive s Benefits to remain in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the Date of Termination; (e) the Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal to the greater of (i) the average of the STIP paid to the Executive for the previous two years and (ii) 80 of the Executive s target annual STIP for the current fiscal year of the Company if the Executive has been employed by the Company for less than two years as at the Date of Termination; and (f) subject to Section 5.10 herein, and subject to the Company s then Option Plan and the rules and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for the Executive to then exercise any unexercised and fully vested portion of any Options on the Date of Termination at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period. Termination Without Just Cause 5.7 If this Agreement and the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Just Cause pursuant to subsection 5.1(e) herein, then the following provisions shall apply: (a) the Company shall pay to the Executive an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned by the Executive and payable to the Executive up to the Date of Termination, together with any other Vacation pay required to comply with applicable employment standards legislation; (b) the Company shall pay to the Executive the Executive s annual performance Bonus entitlements (if any) calculated pro rata for the period up to the Date of Termination based on achievement of the objectives to such date, such payment(s) being made not later than 30 calendar days following the Board of Directors approval of the audited financial statements for the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs; 

 - 16 - 
 (c) the Company shall pay to the Executive, as termination pay, an amount equal to 12 months Monthly Salary plus an additional one month s Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company under this Agreement commencing from the Effective Date up to a total maximum of 16 months Monthly Salary based on the Executive s Monthly Salary as at the Date of Termination (collectively, the Termination Amount herein). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing between the Parties, the foregoing Termination Amount shall be paid within 30 calendar days of the Date of Termination; (d) subject to provisions of any of the Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits are being provided to the Executive hereunder, continue each of the Executive s Benefits to remain in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the Date of Termination; (e) the Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal to the greater of (i) the average of the STIP paid to the Executive for the previous two years and (ii) 80 of the Executive s target annual STIP for the current fiscal year of the Company if the Executive has been employed by the Company for less than two years as at the Date of Termination; and (f) subject to Section 5.10 herein, and subject to the Company s then Option Plan and the rules and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for the Executive to then exercise any unexercised and fully vested portion of any Options on the Date of Termination at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period. Termination for any Change of Control 5.8 Termination by the Executive . If this Agreement and the Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to subsection 5.2(g) herein, then the Company shall pay to and provide the Executive with the following: (a) the Company shall pay to the Executive an amount equal to the Monthly Salary and Vacation pay earned by the Executive and payable to the Executive up to the Date of Termination, together with any other Vacation pay required to comply with applicable employment standards legislation; (b) the Company shall pay to the Executive the Executive s annual performance Bonus entitlements (if any) calculated pro rata for the period up to the Date of Termination based on achievement of the objectives to such date, such payment(s) being made not later than 30 calendar days following the Board of Directors approval of the audited financial statements for the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs; (c) the Company shall pay to the Executive, as termination pay, an amount equal to 12 months Monthly Salary plus an additional one month s Monthly Salary for each completed full year of employment with the Company under this Agreement commencing from the Effective Date up to a total maximum of 16 months Monthly Salary based on the Executive s Monthly Salary as at the Date of Termination (collectively, the Termination Amount herein). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing between the Parties, the foregoing Termination Amount shall be paid within 30 calendar days of the Date of Termination; 

 - 17 - 
 (d) subject to provisions of any of the Company plans and arrangements under which Benefits are being provided to the Executive hereunder, continue each of the Executive s Benefits to remain in full force and effect for a period of 12 months from the Date of Termination; (e) the Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal to the greater of (i) the average of the STIP paid to the Executive for the previous two years and (ii) 80 of the Executive s target annual STIP for the current fiscal year of the Company if the Executive has been employed by the Company for less than two years as at the Date of Termination; and (f) subject to Section 5.10 herein, and subject to the Company s then Option Plan and the rules and policies of any regulatory authority and stock exchange having jurisdiction over the Company, allow for the Executive to then exercise any unexercised and fully vested portion of any Options on the Date of Termination at any time during the Termination Option Exercise Period. 5.9 Termination by the Company . If at any time within 12 months following a Change of Control (i) the Executive is given notice that the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company other than for Just Cause or (ii) the Executive s employment is terminated by the Executive for Good Reason and the Executive gives notice to the Company to that effect and after 30 calendar days the Company does not cure the act or omission which constitutes Good Reason, then the Company shall pay to and provide the Executive the entitlements set forth in Section 5.8 herein. Executive to Provide Release 5.10 The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the payments pursuant to this Article 5 shall be in full satisfaction of all terms of termination of the Executive s employment. Except as otherwise provided in this Article 5, the Executive shall not be entitled to any further notice of termination, payment in lieu of notice of termination, benefits continuation, damages or any additional compensation whatsoever. As a condition precedent to any payments or benefits pursuant to Sections 5.4, 5.5, 5.6, 5.7 and 5.8 herein, the Executive shall deliver a full and final release from all actions or claims, known and unknown, in connection with the Executive s employment with the Company or the termination thereof in favour of the Company, their Subsidiaries, their Affiliates and all of their respective officers, directors, trustees, shareholders, employees, attorneys, insurers and agents, such release to be in a form satisfactory to the Company. No payments or benefits under Sections 5.4, 5.5, 5.6, 5.7, 5.8 and 5.9 herein shall be made until such release has been signed and returned by the Executive. Executive to Provide Resignation 5.12 The Executive covenants and agrees that, upon any termination of this Agreement and of the Executive s employment, howsoever caused, the Executive shall forthwith tender the Executive s resignation from all offices, directorships and trusteeships then held by the Executive with the Company or with any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates, such resignation to be effective upon the Date of Termination. If the Executive fails to resign as set out above, the Executive will be deemed to have resigned from all such offices, directorships and trusteeships, and the Company are hereby authorized by the Executive to appoint any person in the Executive s name and on the Executive s behalf to sign any documents or do anything necessary or required to give effect to such resignation. 

 - 18 - 
 Return of Property 5.13 All equipment, keys, pass cards, credit cards, software, material, data, written correspondence, memoranda, communication, reports or other documents or property pertaining to the Business of the Company used or produced by the Executive in connection with the Executive s employment, or in the Executive s possession or under the Executive s control, shall at all times remain the property of the Company. The Executive shall return all property of the Company in the Executive s possession or under the Executive s control in good condition forthwith upon any request by the Company or upon any termination of this Agreement and of the Executive s employment (regardless of the reason for such termination). Article 6 CONFIDENTIALITY Confidential Information 6.1 The Executive acknowledges that: (a) the Executive may, during the Term and during the continuance of this Agreement, acquire information which is confidential in nature or of great value to the Company and their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates and including, without limitation, matters or subjects concerning corporate assets, cost and pricing data, customer listing, financial reports, formulae, inventions, know-how, marketing strategies, products or devices, profit plans, research and development projects and findings, computer programs, suppliers and trade secrets, whether in the form of records, files, correspondence, notes, data, information or any other form, including copies or excerpts thereof (collectively, the Confidential Information the disclosure of any of which to competitors, customers, clients or suppliers of the Company, unauthorized personnel of the Company or to third parties would be highly detrimental to the best interests of the Company and their Business interests; and (b) the right to maintain the confidentiality of Confidential Information, and the right to preserve the Company goodwill, constitute proprietary rights which the Company are entitled to protect. Protection of Confidential Information 6.2 While employed by the Company and following the termination of this Agreement and the Executive s employment (regardless of the reason for any termination), the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, in any way use or disclose to any person any Confidential Information except as provided for herein. The Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Confidential Information of the Company is the exclusive property of the Company to be used exclusively by the Executive to perform the Executive s Services and duties and fulfil the Executive s obligations to the Company and not for any other reason or purpose. Therefore, the Executive agrees to hold all such Confidential Information in trust for the Company, and the Executive further confirms and acknowledges the Executive s fiduciary duty to use best efforts to protect the Confidential Information, not to misuse such information, and to protect such Confidential Information from any misuse, misappropriation, harm or interference by others in any manner whatsoever. The Executive agrees to protect the Confidential Information regardless of whether the information was disclosed in verbal, written, electronic, digital, visual or other form, and the Executive hereby agrees to give notice immediately to the Company of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information of which the Executive becomes aware. The Executive further agrees to assist the Company in remedying any such unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential 

 - 19 - 
 Information. In the event that the Executive is requested or required to disclose to third parties any Confidential Information or any memoranda, opinions, judgments or recommendations developed from the Confidential Information, the Executive will, prior to disclosing such Confidential Information, provide the Company with prompt written notice of such request(s) or requirement(s) so that the Company may seek appropriate legal protection or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement. The Executive will not oppose action by, and will cooperate with, the Company to obtain legal protection or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information. The restrictions on the Executive s use or disclosure of any of the Company information, including Confidential Information as set forth in this Article 6, shall continue following the expiration or termination of this Agreement regardless of the reasons for or manner of such termination. Corporate Opportunity 6.3 Any business opportunities related in any way to the Business and affairs of the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates which become known to the Executive during the Executive s employment hereunder shall be fully disclosed and made available to the Company and shall not be appropriated by the Executive under any circumstance without the prior written consent of the Company. Article 7 RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS Non-Competition 7.1 The Executive covenants and agrees that the Executive will not (without the prior written consent of the Company) at any time during the Executive s employment with the Company, nor for a period of time which matches the required notice period as outlined in the Article 5 herein up to a maximum of 12 months, following the Date of Termination regardless of whether such termination is voluntary or involuntary, lawful or unlawful, and with or without cause), directly or indirectly, anywhere within the Territory (as herein defined), either individually or in partnership, jointly with or on behalf of any other person, firm, association, syndicate, company or corporation, whether as agent, shareholder, employee, consultant, or in any manner whatsoever, engage in, carry on or otherwise be concerned with, any Competitive Business (as herein defined). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive shall not be in default under this provision by virtue of: (a) holding, strictly for investment purposes and as a passive investor, not more than one percent (1 of the issued and outstanding shares of business that is Competitive Business, the shares of which are listed on a recognized stock exchange; (b) any involvement in an undertaking that carried on multiple businesses, one of which is a Competitive Business, provided the Executive is not involved, directly or indirectly, in the Competitive Business; or (c) being employed by or provided services to a Competitive Business if such employment or services engagement is not in the Same or Similar Capacity. In this Agreement: Competitive Business means a business that manufactures, markets, distributes or sells three-wheeled electric vehicles; 

 - 20 - 
 Date of Termination means the Executive s last active day of employment with the Company without regard to any notice of termination or pay in lieu thereof, deemed or notional notice period, or period during which the Executive receives pay in lieu of notice, termination pay, severance payments or salary continuance, whether pursuant to statute, this Agreement, common law or otherwise; Same of Similar Capacity means: (i) the same or similar capacity or function in which the Executive worked for the Company at the time during the 12 months prior to the Date of Termination; and/or (ii) any other capacity where the Executive s knowledge of Confidential Information of the Company or its subsidiaries could provide a competitive advantage to any Competitive Business; and Territory means Canada and the United States of America. Non-Solicitation 7.2 The Executive covenants to not (without prior written consent of the Company) at any time during the Executive s employment with the Company, nor during the periods set out below, directly or indirectly, either individually or in partnership, jointly or in conjunction with any other person, firm, association, syndicate, company or corporation, whether as agent, shareholder, employee, consultant, or in any manner whatsoever: (a) for the 12 month period following the date the Executive ceases to be employed with the Company or any other termination of this Agreement (regardless of who initiated the termination and whether with or without Just Cause), solicit or entice away, or endeavour to solicit or entice away from the Company, employ, or otherwise engage (as an employee, independent consultant, independent sales representative, or otherwise) any person who is employed by the Company or employed as a consultant or independent sales representative by the Company as at the Date of Termination or who was so employed or employed within the 12 month period preceding such date; or (b) for the 12 month period following the date the Executive ceases to be employed with the Company or any other termination of this Agreement (regardless of who initiated the termination and whether with or without Just Cause), for any purpose competitive with the Business, canvass, solicit or approach for orders, or cause to be canvassed or solicited or approached for orders, or accept any business or patronage from any person or entity (i) who is or which is a customer, client, supplier, licensee or business relation of the Company as at the Date of Termination or within the one month period preceding such date and (ii) with whom the Executive worked, or about whom the Executive received Confidential Information, during the course of employment with the Company; or (c) for the 12 month period following the date the Executive ceases to be employed with the Company or any other termination of this Agreement (regardless of who initiated the termination and whether with or without Just Cause), induce or attempt to induce any customer, client, supplier, licensee or business relationship of the Company to cease doing business with the Company; or (d) for the period following the date the Executive ceases to be employed with the Company or any other termination of this Agreement (regardless of who initiated the termination and whether with or without Just Cause), disparage the Company 

 - 21 - 
 or their respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, customers, clients, suppliers, licensees or business relations of the Company. Non-Interference 7.3 The Executive covenants to not (without prior written consent of the Company) at any time during the Executive s employment with the Company, nor for a period of 12 months thereafter, interfere with any contractual relationship between the Company and any party that was a licensor, buyer, customer, partner, joint venturer or vendor (each, a Contract Partner of the Company or that the Company were actively soliciting to be a Contract Partner during the 12 month period preceding that date upon which the Executive ceases to be employed with the Company. For purposes of this section, the Executive shall be deemed to interfere with a contractual relationship with a Contract Partner if (i) the Executive takes any action that the Executive, or a person in a similar position, should reasonably anticipate could result in a material adverse change of the terms of such relationship or (ii) the Executive disparages the Company, or any of their respective directors, officers, stockholders or employees, in any manner reasonably foreseeable to be harmful to the Company, or their reputation, or the personal or business reputation of such directors, officers, stockholders or employees; provided that the Executive may respond accurately and fully to any question, inquiry or request for information when required by legal process. Company 7.4 For the purposes of Sections 7.2 and 7.3, references to the Company shall be deemed to include the Company, their respective successors (whether direct or indirect) by purchase, amalgamation, merger or otherwise of the Business, and their respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates and their subsidiaries. Article 8 OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Definitions 8.1 In this Agreement, Inventions means, collectively, all: (a) discoveries, inventions, ideas, suggestions, reports, documents, designs, technology, methodologies, compilations, concepts, procedures, processes, products, protocols, treatments, methods, tests, improvements, work product and computer programs (including all source code, object code, compilers, libraries and developer tools, and any manuals, descriptions, data files, resource files and other such materials relating thereto), and (b) each and every part of the foregoing; that are conceived, developed, reduced to practice or otherwise made by the Executive either alone or with others or, in any way, relate to the present or proposed programs, services, products or business of the Company, or to tasks assigned to the Executive in connection with the Executive s duties or in connection with any research or development carried on or planned by the Company, whether or not such Inventions are conceived, developed, reduced to practice or otherwise made during the Executive s employment or during regular working hours and whether or not the Executive is specifically instructed to conceive, develop, reduce to practice or otherwise make same. 

 - 22 - 
 Exclusive Property 8.2 The Executive agrees that all Inventions, and any and all services and products which embody, emulate or employ any such Invention, shall be the sole property of the Company, and all copyrights, patents, patent rights, trademarks, service marks, reproduction rights and all other proprietary title, rights and interest in and to each such Invention, whether or not registrable (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights ), shall belong exclusively to the Company. Work for Hire 8.3 For purposes of all applicable copyright laws to the extent, if any, that such laws are applicable to any such Invention or any such service or product, it shall be considered a work made for hire and the Company shall be considered the author thereof. Disclosure 8.4 The Executive will promptly disclose to the Company, or any persons designated by it, all Inventions and all such services or products. Assignment 8.5 The Executive hereby assigns and further agrees to, from time to time as such Inventions arise, assign to the Company or their respective nominee (or their respective successors or assigns) all of the Executive s right, title and interest in and to the Inventions and the Intellectual Property Rights without further payment by the Company. Moral Rights 8.6 The Executive hereby waives and further agrees to, from time to time as such Inventions arise, waive for the benefit of the Company and their respective successors or assigns all the Executive s moral rights in respect of the Inventions. Further Assistance 8.7 The Executive agrees to assist the Company in every proper way (but at the Company expense) to obtain and, from time to time, enforce the Intellectual Property Rights and to the Inventions in any and all countries, and to that end will execute all documents for use in applying for, obtaining and enforcing the Intellectual Property Rights in and to such Inventions as the Company may desire, together with any assignments of such Inventions to the Company or persons designated by them. The Executive s obligation to assist the Company in obtaining and enforcing such Intellectual Property Rights in any and all countries shall continue beyond the termination of this Agreement for any reason. Representations and Warranties 8.8 The Executive hereby represents and warrants that the Executive is subject to no contractual or other restriction or obligation that will in any manner limit the Executive s obligations under this Agreement or its Services or activities on behalf of the Company. The Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that the Executive has no continuing obligations to any person (i) with respect to any previous invention, discovery or other item of intellectual property or (ii) that require the Executive not to disclose the same. 

 - 23 - 
 Article 9 REMEDIES Remedy 9.1 The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Executive is employed in a fiduciary capacity, with obligations of trust and loyalty owed by the Executive to the Company. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that the restrictions in Articles 6, 7 and 8 herein are reasonable in the circumstances of the Executive s employment and that the Business and affairs of the Company cannot be properly protected from the adverse consequences of the actions of the Executive other than by the restrictions set forth in this Agreement. If any of the restrictions are determined to be unenforceable as going beyond what is reasonable in the circumstances for the protection of the interests of the Company but would be valid; for example, if the scope of their time periods or geographic areas were limited; the Parties consent to the court making such modifications as may be required and such restrictions shall apply with such modifications as may be necessary to make them valid and effective. Injunctions, etc. 9.2 The Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in the event of a breach of the covenants, provisions and restrictions in Articles 6, 7 and 8 herein by the Executive, the Company remedy in the form of monetary damages will be inadequate. Therefore, the Company shall be and are hereby authorized and entitled, in addition to all other rights and remedies available to them, to apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for interim and permanent injunctive relief and an accounting of all profits and benefits arising out of such breach without the necessity of posting a bond or other security. Loss of Entitlements 9.3 In addition to all other rights and remedies available to the Company, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Executive will immediately lose and not be entitled to the payments and benefits set out in Article 5 herein if the Executive breaches any of the covenants in Articles 6, 7 or 8 herein. Survival 9.4 Each and every provisions of Articles 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 herein shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the Executive s employment hereunder (regardless of the reason for such termination). Article 10 INDEMNIFICATION AND LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Indemnification 10.1 The Parties hereby each agree to indemnify and save harmless the other Party and including, where applicable, the other Party s respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates and each of their respective directors, officers, associates, affiliates and agents (each such party being an Indemnified Party ), harmless from and against any and all losses, claims, actions, suits, proceedings, damages, liabilities or expenses of whatever nature or kind and including, without limitation, any investigative expenses incurred by any Indemnified Party, to which an Indemnified Party may become subject by reason of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

 - 24 - 
 No indemnification 10.2 This indemnity will not apply in respect of an Indemnified Party in the event and to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment shall determine that the Indemnified Party was grossly negligent or guilty of wilful misconduct. Claim of indemnification 10.3 The Parties agree to waive any right they might have of first requiring the Indemnified Party to proceed against or enforce any other right, power, remedy, security or claim payment from any other person before claiming this indemnity. Notice of claim 10.4 In case any action is brought against an Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against either of the Parties (said Party then being the Indemnitee ), the Indemnified Party will give both Parties prompt written notice of any such action of which the Indemnified Party has knowledge and the Indemnitee will undertake the investigation and defense thereof on behalf of the Indemnified Party, including the prompt employment of counsel acceptable to the Indemnified Party affected and the Indemnitee and the payment of all expenses. Failure by the Indemnified Party to so notify shall not relieve the Indemnitee of the Indemnitee s obligation of indemnification hereunder unless (and only to the extent that) such failure results in a forfeiture by the Indemnitee of substantive rights or defenses. Settlement 10.5 No admission of liability and no settlement of any action shall be made without the consent of each of the Parties and the consent of the Indemnified Party affected, such consent not to be unreasonable withheld. Legal Proceedings 10.6 Notwithstanding that the Indemnitee will undertake the investigation and defense of any action, an Indemnified Party will have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel will be at the expense of the Indemnified Party unless: (a) such counsel has been authorized by the Indemnitee; (b) the Indemnitee has not assumed the defense of the action within a reasonable period of time after receiving notice of the action; (c) the named parties to any such action include that any Party and the Indemnified Party shall have been advised by counsel that there may be a conflict of interest between any Party and the Indemnified Party; or (d) there are one or more legal defenses available to the Indemnified Party which are different from or in addition to those available to any Party. Contribution 10.7 If for any reason other than the gross negligence or bad faith of the Indemnified Party being the primary cause of the loss claim, damage, liability, cost or expense, the foregoing indemnification is unavailable to the Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold them harmless, the 

 - 25 - 
 Indemnitee shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the Indemnified Party as a result of any and all such losses, claim, damages or liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Indemnitee on the one hand and the Indemnified Party on the other, but also the relative fault of the Indemnitee and the Indemnified Party and other equitable considerations which may be relevant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnitee shall in any event contribute to the amount paid or payable by the Indemnified Party, as a result of the loss, claim, damage, liability, cost or expense (other than a loss, claim, damage, liability, cost or expenses, the primary cause of which is the gross negligence or bad faith of the Indemnified Party), any excess of such amount over the amount of the fees actually received by the Indemnified Party hereunder. Article 11 ARBITRATION Matters for arbitration 11.1 Except for matters of indemnity or in the case of urgency to prevent material harm to a substantive right or asset, the Parties agree that all questions or matters in dispute with respect to this Agreement shall be submitted to arbitration pursuant to the terms hereof. This provision shall not prejudice a Party from seeking a court order or assistance to garnish or secure sums or to seek summary remedy for such matters as counsel may consider amenable to summary proceedings. Notice 11.2 It shall be a condition precedent to the right of any Party to submit any matter to arbitration pursuant to the provisions hereof that any Party intending to refer any matter to arbitration shall have given not less than five business days prior written notice of its intention to do so to the other Parties together with particulars of the matter in dispute. On the expiration of such five business days the Party who gave such notice may proceed to refer the dispute to arbitration as provided for herein. Except for matters of indemnity or in the case of urgency to prevent material harm to a substantive right or asset, the Parties agree that all questions or matters in dispute with respect to this Agreement shall be submitted to arbitration pursuant to the terms hereof. This provision shall not prejudice a Party from seeking a court order or assistance to garnish or secure sums or to seek summary remedy for such matters as counsel may consider amenable to summary proceedings. Appointments 11.3 The Party desiring arbitration shall appoint one arbitrator, and shall notify the other Parties of such appointment, and the other Parties shall, within five business days after receiving such notice, appoint an arbitrator, and the two arbitrators so named, before proceeding to act, shall, within five business days of the appointment of the last appointed arbitrator, unanimously agree on the appointment of a third arbitrator, to act with them and be chairperson of the arbitration herein provided for. If the other Parties shall fail to appoint an arbitrator within five business days after receiving notice of the appointment of the first arbitrator, and if the two arbitrators appointed by the Parties shall be unable to agree on the appointment of the chairperson, the chairperson shall be appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration Act. Except as specifically otherwise provided in this section, the arbitration herein provided for shall be conducted in accordance with such Arbitration Act. The chairperson, or in the case where only one arbitrator is appointed, the single arbitrator, shall fix a time and place in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, for the purpose of hearing the evidence and representations of the Parties, and the chairperson shall preside over the arbitration and determine all questions of procedure not provided for by the 

 - 26 - 
 Arbitration Act or this section. After hearing any evidence and representations that the Parties may submit, the single arbitrator, or the arbitrators, as the case may be, shall make an award and reduce the same to writing, and deliver one copy thereof to each of the Parties. The expense of the arbitration shall be paid as specified in the award. Award 11.4 The Parties agree that the award of a majority of the arbitrators, or in the case of a single arbitrator, of such arbitrator, shall be final and binding upon each of them. Article 12 OTHER PROVISIONS Recitals 12.1 The Company and the Executive represent and warrant to each other that the Recitals set out above are true. Currency 12.2 All amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement are expressed in and shall be paid in Canadian currency unless otherwise expressly provided for. Withholding 12.3 All amounts paid or payable and all benefits, perquisites, allowances or entitlements provided to the Executive under this Agreement are subject to applicable taxes and withholdings. Accordingly, the Company shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amount payable to the Executive hereunder such sums that the Company is required to withhold pursuant to any federal, provincial, state, local or foreign withholding or other applicable taxes or levies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Executive is solely responsible for all tax liability arising from the Executive s receipt of any payments, benefits, perquisites, allowances or entitlements as set out in this Agreement. Rights and Waivers 12.4 All rights and remedies of the Parties are separate and cumulative, and none of them, whether exercised or not, shall be deemed to be to the exclusion of any other rights or remedies or shall be deemed to limit or prejudice any other legal or equitable rights or remedies which either of the Parties may have. Any purported waiver of any default, breach or non-compliance under this Agreement is not effective unless in writing and signed by the Party to be bound by the waiver. No waiver shall be inferred from or implied by any failure to act or delay in acting by a Party in respect of any default, breach or non-observance or by anything done or omitted to be done by the other Party. The waiver by a Party of any default, breach or non-compliance under this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of that Party s rights under this Agreement in respect of any continuing or subsequent default, breach or non-observance (whether of the same or any other nature). No Representation or Claims 12.5 The Executive agrees that the Executive has not been induced to enter into this Agreement by reason of any statement, representation, understanding or promise not expressly set out in this Agreement. The Executive has no claim against the Company arising from any Services 

 - 27 - 
 provided by the Executive to the Company in any capacity prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement. Governing Law 12.6 The situs of this Agreement is Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and for all purposes this Agreement will be governed exclusively by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws prevailing in the Province of British Columbia, Canada, and the federal laws of Canada applicable thereto. Notices 12.7 Any notice or other communication or writing required or permitted to be given under this Agreement or for the purposes of this Agreement will be in writing and will be sufficiently given if delivered personally, or if transmitted by facsimile transmission (with original to follow by mail) or other form of recorded communication, tested prior to transmission, to: (a) if to the Company: Electrameccanica Vehicles Corp. 8057 North Fraser Way, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada, V5J 5M8 Attention: Kevin Pavlov, Chief Executive Officer Phone: (818) 738-3888 E-mail: kevin.pavlov@electrameccanica.com; with a copy to counsel for the Company: McMillan LLP Suite 1500, 1055 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6E 4N7 Attention: Thomas J. Deutsch Phone: (604) 691-7445 E-mail: thomas.deutsch@mcmillan.ca; and (b) if to the Executive: Mark Orsmond [ ] Phone: [ ] E-mail: [ ]; or to such other address as the Party to whom such notice is to be given will have last notified the Party giving the same in the manner provided in this section. Any notice so delivered will be deemed to have been given and received on the day it is so delivered at such address; provided that such day is not a Business Day (as herein defined) then the notice will be deemed to have been given and received on the Business Day next following the day it is so delivered. Any notice so transmitted by facsimile transmission or other form of recorded communication will be deemed to have been given and received on the day of its confirmed transmission (as confirmed by the transmitting medium), provided that if such day is not a Business Day then the notice will be deemed to have been given and received on the Business Day next following such day. Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or civic or statutory holiday in the Province of British Columbia, Canada. 

 - 28 - 
 Successors and Assigns 12.8 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding on, the Parties and their respective heirs, administrators, executors, successors (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, amalgamation, arrangement, merger, consolidation or otherwise) and permitted assigns. The Company shall have the right to assign this Agreement, or the benefit thereof, to any of their respective Affiliates or to any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, amalgamation, arrangement, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. The Executive, by the Executive s signature hereto, expressly consents to such assignment and, provided that such successor agrees to assume and be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, all references to the Company hereunder shall include their respective successors. The Company may also agree to enforce, for the benefit of any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, amalgamation, arrangement, merger, consolidation or otherwise) the provisions contained in Articles 7 and 8, regardless of whether the Company continue to carry on or be involved in the Business. The Executive shall not assign or transfer, whether absolutely, by way of security or otherwise, all or any part of the Executive s rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior consent of the Company, which may be arbitrarily withheld. Amendment 12.9 No amendment of this Agreement will be effective unless made in writing and signed by the Parties. Severability 12.10 If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or part thereof and the remaining part of such provision and all other provisions hereof shall continue in full force and effect. The Parties agree to negotiate in good faith to agree to a substitute provision which shall be as close as possible to the intention of any invalid or unenforceable provision as may be valid or enforceable. Independent Legal Advice 12.11 The Parties acknowledge that, prior to executing this Agreement, they have each had the opportunity to obtain independent legal advice and that they fully understand the nature of this Agreement and that they are entering into this Agreement voluntarily. Force Majeure 12.12 If either Party is at any time either during this Agreement or thereafter prevented or delayed in complying with any provisions of this Agreement by reason of strikes, walk-outs, labour shortages, power shortages, fires, wars, acts of God, earthquakes, storms, floods, explosions, accidents, protests or demonstrations by environmental lobbyists or native rights groups, delays in transportation, breakdown of machinery, inability to obtain necessary materials in the open market, unavailability of equipment, governmental regulations restricting normal operations, shipping delays or any other reason or reasons beyond the control of that Party, then the time limited for the performance by that Party of its respective obligations hereunder shall be extended by a period of time equal in length to the period of each such prevention or delay. A Party shall within three calendar days give notice to the other Parties of each event of force majeure under this section, and upon cessation of such event shall furnish the other Parties with notice of that event together with particulars of the number of days by which the obligations of that Party hereunder have been extended by virtue of such event of force majeure and all preceding events of force majeure. 

 - 29 - 
 Time of the essence 12.13 Time will be of the essence of this Agreement. Enurement 12.14 This Agreement will enure to the benefit of and will be binding upon the Parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators and assigns. Further assurances 12.15 The Parties will from time to time after the execution of this Agreement make, do, execute or cause or permit to be made, done or executed, all such further and other acts, deeds, things, devices and assurances in law whatsoever as may be required to carry out the true intention and to give full force and effect to this Agreement. No partnership or agency 12.16 The Parties have not created a partnership and nothing contained in this Agreement shall in any manner whatsoever constitute any Party the partner, agent or legal representative of the other Parties, nor create any fiduciary relationship between them for any purpose whatsoever. Entire agreement 12.17 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement to date between the Parties and supersedes every previous agreement, communication, expectation, negotiation, representation or understanding, whether oral or written, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. Personal Information 12.18 The Executive acknowledges that the Company are obligated to comply with the Personal Information Protection Act (British Columbia) and with any other applicable legislation governing the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information. The Executive agrees to comply with all of the Company personal information protection policies and with other policies, controls and practices as they may exist, from time to time, in ensuring that the Executive and the Company engage only in lawful collection, storage, use and disclosure of personal information. Captions 12.19 The headings, captions, Article, section and subsection numbers appearing in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or intent of this Agreement nor in any way affect this Agreement. Ambiguities 12.20 As each Party and its legal counsel have participated in the review and revision of this Agreement, any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party shall not apply in interpreting this Agreement. 

 - 30 - 
 Accessibility 12.21 The Company have policies to support employees with disabilities, including, but not limited to, policies regarding the provision of job accommodations that take into account an employee s accessibility needs due to disability. Counterparts 12.22 This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. [ The rest of this page left intentionally blank. The signature page follows. ] 

 - 31 - 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have hereunto set their respective hands and seals as at the Effective Date as hereinabove determined. 

The COMMON SEAL of ELECTRAMECCANICA VEHICLES CORP. , the Company herein, was hereunto affixed in the presence of: (C/S) /s/ Kevin Pavlov Authorized Signatory SIGNED, SEALED and DELIVERED by MARK ORSMOND , the Executive herein: /s/ Mark Orsmond MARK ORSMOND 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 6
 solo-20221231xex10d14.htm
 EX-10.14

Exhibit 10.14 

 British Columbia, V5J 5M8, Canada www.electrameccanica.com 

 ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. 8057 N Fraser Way, Burnaby, British Columbia, V5J 5M8, Canada 1-604-428-7656 (SOLO) www.electrameccanica.com 
 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL December 2, 2022 Susan Docherty [ ] [ ] [ ] Delivered Electronically via Email Re: Offer of Employment Dear Susan: We are delighted to enter into this Executive Employment Agreement (the Agreement to memorialize the terms under which you will serve as Chief Executive Officer of ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. (the Parent and ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC (the Company ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. This offer is contingent upon the satisfactory completion of reference, litigation, and background checks. Your start date will be December 5, 2022 (the Start Date ). Once this Agreement becomes effective, it will form the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the matters described in this Agreement and it will supersede and replace any prior understandings (whether oral or written) with respect to the subject matter described herein. If you have any questions about the information below, please contact me directly. Provision Agreement Location: Your principal place of employment will be the Company s executive offices in Mesa, Arizona. Title; Reporting; Duties; No Conflicts: Beginning on the Start Date, you will serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Parent, reporting directly to the Parent s Board of Directors (the Board ). While serving as the Chief Executive Officer, you will have control over, and responsibility for, the day-to-day operations of the Company and Parent and shall have such other duties, authorities and responsibilities commensurate for such or a similar position at a similarly-situated company and such additional duties as may be assigned to you by the Board from time to time. You understand that: (i) your employment services will be full-time and exclusive to the Company and Parent and that you will be expected to devote substantially all of your full business time, attention, energy and skills to the Company; (ii) you agree to serve the Company and Parent faithfully, loyally, honestly and to the best of your ability; and (iii) you will not, without the express written consent of the Board, engage in any other commercial activity or outside employment. You may serve as an independent director for other entities, subject to the prior written approval of the Board and such service not placing you into any conflict of interest in respect of you duties hereunder and to the companies. The preceding paragraph is not intended to prohibit you from engaging in charitable or nonprofessional activities such as personal investments or conducting private business affairs, as long as they do not conflict or interfere with the performance of your duties to the Company or Parent. You agree to observe and comply with the rules and policies of the Company and Parent as the same may be adopted and amended from time to time. By signing this Agreement, you represent and warrant that you are under no contractual or other obligations or commitments that are inconsistent with your obligations under this Agreement, 

including, without limitation, any restrictions that would preclude you from providing services to the Company or Parent e.g ., a non-compete with a former employer). Term: The initial term of your employment under this Agreement shall commence on the Start Date and shall continue until the three year anniversary of the Start Date (the Initial Term ). The Initial term will automatically extend on the same terms and conditions set forth below for additional one year periods (each, a Renewal Term ), unless either party gives the other party written notice of non-renewal at least 30 calendar days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term. The Initial Term, together with all Renewal Terms, are collectively referred to in this Agreement as the Term . Base Salary: A rate of 650,000 per year (the Base Salary during the Term to be paid according to the Company s normal payroll cycle. Your Base Salary will be reviewed annually and may be adjusted by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion. For 2022, your Base Salary will be pro-rated based on the number of days from your Start Date through December 31, 2022. Sign-On Options: Subject to approval by the Compensation Committee and the following exercise and vesting terms, and as soon as reasonably practicable upon your execution of this Agreement and your announcement by the Company as its new Chief Executive Officer (the Grant Date ), you will be awarded three separate non-qualified stock options under our Stock Incentive Plan (the Equity Plan to purchase 3,750,000 shares of common stock of the Parent in the aggregate (collectively, the Sign-On Options ), with each such Sign-On Option having an exercise price equating to the closing price for the Company s stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq on day prior to the Grant Date (the Exercise Price ), and with each such Sign-On Option having a maximum exercise term of seven years from the Grant Date (the Exercise Term and, subject to the following, vesting in three equal annual installments from the Grant Date (the Vesting ).. The first Sign-On Option shall cover 2,000,000 shares of common stock of the Parent underlying the Sign-On Options and be exercisable at the Exercise Price during the Exercise Term and be subject only to the Initial Vesting. The second Sign-On Option shall cover 1,000,000 shares of common stock of the Parent underlying the Sign-On Options and be exercisable at the Exercise Price during the Exercise Term and, subject to the Vesting, shall not be exercisable until such time as the Company s 30-day volume average trading price on Nasdaq is 2.50 or greater. The third Sign-On Option shall cover 750,000 shares of common stock of the Parent underlying the Sign-On Options and be exercisable at the Exercise Price during the Exercise Term and, subject to the Vesting, shall not be exercisable until such time as the Company s 30-day volume average trading price on Nasdaq is 5.00 or greater. The Sign-On Options will be subject to such other terms and conditions specified by the Compensation Committee, the Equity Plan, the award agreements that you must execute as a condition of the grant, and the Company s insider trading policy. Sign-On RSUs: Subject to approval by the Compensation Committee, within 30 days of your Start Date, you will be awarded restricted stock units under our Equity Plan covering 1,000,000 shares of common stock of the Parent (the Sign-On RSUs ). The Sign-On RSUs will vest in three equal annual installments from the date of grant. The Sign-On RSUs will be subject to such other terms and conditions specified by the Compensation Committee, the Equity Plan, the award agreement that you must execute as a condition of the grant, and the Company s insider trading policy. In this respect the parties hereby acknowledged and agreed that, in accordance with the Equity Plan and the award agreement for the Sign-On RSUs, upon the vesting of each Sign-On RSU and the issuance of Company common stock resulting therefrom, each share of common stock may be issued on a net basis such that the resulting number of shares to be issued will be reduced by the then fair market value of the number of shares necessary to pay the requisite federal, state or local withholding taxes associated with the same. Sign-On PRSUs: Subject to approval by the Compensation Committee, within 30 days of your Start Date, you will be awarded performance stock units under our Equity Plan covering 875,000 shares of common stock of the Parent (the Sign-On PRSUs ). The Sign-On PRSUs will vest as follows: (i) 437,500 will vest on the first date on which the average of the volume weighted average price per share of common stock of the Parent during any 30 day consecutive trading days 30-Day VWAP equals or exceeds 5.00; (ii) 218,750 will vest on the first day on which the 30-Day VWAP of the shares of common stock of the Parent equals or exceeds 6.00; and (iii) the final 218,750 will vest on the first day on which the Company s 30-Day VWAP equals or exceeds 7.00. In this respect the parties hereby acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with the Equity Plan and the award agreement for the Sign-On PRSUs, upon the termination of this Agreement for 

any reason, other than for Cause, all then unvested Sign-On -PRSUs shall be entitled to continue to vest for a further period of one year from the date of termination. The Sign-On PRSUs will be subject to such vesting terms and conditions specified by the Compensation Committee, the Equity Plan, the award agreement that you must execute as a condition of the grant, and the Company s insider trading policy. Temporary Housing: For expenses incurred for up to 12 months following the Start Date, the Company will reimburse you for reasonable and customary temporary housing costs in the Mesa/Phoenix metropolitan area not to exceed 3,500 per month. To obtain reimbursement you must submit your expenses promptly, in accordance with Company policy, with appropriate supporting documentation, and such expenses will be reimbursed no later than the last day of the tax year following the tax year in which the expense was incurred. Short-Term Incentive Plan STIP ): Beginning January 1, 2023, and for each full calendar year during the Term thereafter, you will be eligible to participate in an annual cash incentive program adopted in writing and approved by the Compensation Committee (the STIP ). Your target incentive under the STIP will equal 100 of your Base Salary and in no event will your STIP payment exceed 200 of your Base Salary 1,300,000 based on your Start Date Base Salary). Whether you are entitled to receive an STIP payment, and the amount of such payment, will depend on the attainment of written quantitative and qualitative performance goals, including financial performance goals, established by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion and in advance. The amount of the STIP, if any, will be determined by the Compensation Committee in January or February of the year following the year during the Term to which the STIP relates, and the earned STIP, if any, will be paid to you no later than March 31 of the year following the year to which the STIP relates e.g. , the STIP for 2023, if any, will be paid no later than March 31, 2024). You must be actively employed by the Company through the date the STIP is paid in order to earn and be eligible to receive the STIP. Active employment does not include any period of notice that arises upon termination of employment, whether by contract, or otherwise, unless expressly required by applicable law. Long-Term Incentive Compensation: Beginning January 1, 2024, and for each full calendar year during the Term thereafter, you will be eligible to receive grants of stock options, performance shares and other awards under the Equity Plan (the Annual Equity Awards ). The amount of Annual Equity Awards, the mix of Annual Equity Awards, the vesting schedule and the other terms and conditions of the Annual Equity Awards will be established by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion. The Annual Equity Awards will be subject to such other terms and conditions specified by the Compensation Committee, the Equity Plan, the award agreement that you must execute as a condition of the grant(s), and the Company s insider trading policy. Benefits; Vacation: During the Term of this Agreement, you will be eligible to participate in the Company s standard company benefit and vacation plans, as such plans may be amended, modified, or terminated by the Company from time to time, with or without notice, in accordance with the applicable benefit and vacation plan documents. For the avoidance of doubt, your participation in such plans will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable benefit plan documents. Termination of Employment: This Agreement, and your employment hereunder, may be terminated at any time during the Term, for any reason, by the Board upon at least 30 calendar days prior written notice (or any alternative time period agreed to by the parties); provided , that, the Board may terminate your employment immediately for Cause. Upon your termination for any reason, the Company will pay you your accrued but unpaid Base Salary through your date of termination and any accrued but unpaid reasonable business expenses through your date of termination (the Accrued Obligations ), with such amount paid in compliance in accordance with applicable law. In addition to the Accrued Obligations, you may be entitled to receive severance benefits and equity award acceleration as described below. Resignation on Termination: Unless otherwise indicated in a writing to you from the Board, upon your termination of employment with Company for any reason, and without any further action on your part, you will be deemed to immediately resign all officerships, directorships, managerships, and other 

positions you hold with the Parent, the Company and their affiliates. If for any reason this provision is determined to be insufficient to effectuate such resignations, you agree to sign any documents or instruments the Company determines necessary to effectuate such resignations. Voluntary Resignation Without Good Reason: This Agreement and your employment hereunder may terminate at any time during the Term provided that you give the Board at least 90 calendar days prior written notice of your resignation without Good Reason (which 90-day period may be waived by the Board or extended to a longer period if agreed to by the parties). In such case, you will only be entitled to the Accrued Obligations. The Company may, in its sole discretion, waive the notice provided under this section, in which case your employment will terminate on the earlier date specified by the Company. Death or Disability: This Agreement, and your employment hereunder, will terminate immediately upon your death or Disability (as defined in Exhibit A ). In such case, you (or your spouse or estate) will only be entitled to the Accrued Obligations and, in addition, will be eligible to exercise any vested Sign-On Options or other stock options granted you by the Company which may have vested as at the date of termination by reason of Death or Disability for a period of one year from such termination date. Termination and Severance Prior to a Change of Control: In the event your full-time employment is terminated by the Board without Cause or by you for Good Reason (as defined in Exhibit A prior to a Change of Control (as defined in Exhibit A during the Term, then, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to your timely execution (and non-revocation) of the release described below, you will be entitled to receive a cash severance payment equal to the sum of: (i) 24 months of your then Base Salary plus one month of your then Base Salary for every completed year of service (to a maximum of 30 months); (ii) 18 times the monthly amount that is charged to COBRA qualified beneficiaries for the same medical coverage options elected by you immediately prior to your last day of employment; and (iii) the greater of (a) your average STIP paid in the two prior years and (b) 80 of the target annual STIP for the current fiscal year (collectively, the Base Severance Amount ). The Base Severance Amount will be paid to you in installments over a 12-month period, in accordance with the Company s normal payroll cycle, with the first installment paid during the first payroll period following the expiration of the release revocation period described below. In addition to the Base Severance Amount, you will be entitled to receive a pro-rata STIP for the year in which your termination occurred, with such pro-rata STIP paid at the same time described above. In addition, you will be eligible to exercise any vested Sign-On Options or other stock options granted you by the Company which may have vested as at the date of termination by the Board without Cause or by you for Good Reason prior to a Change of Control of for a period of one year from such termination date. Full Vesting of Equity Awards on Change of Control: Upon the closing of a transaction during the Term that results in a Change of Control, and notwithstanding anything in the Equity Plan to the contrary, your Sign-On Options and any other stock options awarded you shall fully vest and become exercisable for a period of one year from the date of your termination, and your then Sign-On RSUs and any other restricted stock units awarded you shall immediately vest. Termination and Severance Following a Change of Control: In the event your full-time employment is terminated by the Board without Cause or by you with Good Reason (as defined in Exhibit A during the 12 month period following a Change of Control during the Term, then, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to your timely execution (and non-revocation) of the release described below, you will be entitled to receive a cash severance payment equal to the sum of: (i) 18 months of your then Base Salary; and (ii) 18 times the monthly amount that is charged to COBRA qualified beneficiaries for the same medical coverage options elected by you immediately prior to your last day of employment (collectively, the Enhanced Severance Amount ). The Enhanced Severance Amount will be paid to you in installments over a 18-month period, in accordance with the Company s normal payroll cycle, with the first installment paid during the first payroll period following the expiration of the release revocation period described below. Release Required to 

Receive Severance: In order to receive the severance pay and other benefits described above, you must, no later than 60 calendar days following your last day of employment, execute (and not revoke) a general release and waiver of any claims that you may have in connection with your employment and termination of employment with the Parent, Company and its affiliates. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Company concludes that the severance pay and benefits are subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, and if the consideration period described in the release, plus the revocation period described in the release, spans two calendar years, then, to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, such severance payments and benefits shall not begin to be paid until the second calendar year (and such first installment shall include installment payments that would otherwise have been made prior to such date). Restrictive Covenants: This Agreement is contingent upon you, on your Start Date, signing the Restrictive Covenant Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B . Cooperation: Following the termination of your service with the Company for any reason during the Term, you agree to cooperate fully with the Company and with the Company s counsel in connection with any present and future actual or threatened litigation, administrative proceeding or other investigation involving the Parent, the Company or any affiliate that relates to events, occurrences or conduct occurring (or claimed to have occurred) during your employment. You are hereby instructed to tell the truth in any litigation, administrative proceeding, or other investigation involving the Parent, the Company and its affiliates, and nothing herein shall be deemed or construed to suggest otherwise. If your cooperation is required pursuant to this section, the Company will: (i) reimburse you for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (excluding legal fees); and (ii) if such cooperation is required during a period of time you are not receiving severance pay, pay you hourly compensation at a rate equivalent to your hourly Base Salary at the time of your termination of employment. Non-Disparagement; Social Media: During the Term and following the termination of your service for any reason, you agree that you will not criticize, defame, be derogatory toward or otherwise disparage the Parent, the Company, any affiliate, their products, services, or the Parent s or the Company s past, present and future officers, directors, managers, stockholders, agents, representatives, employees, or affiliates, or its or their business plans or actions, to any third-party, either orally or in writing; provided that that this provision will not preclude you from giving truthful testimony in response to a lawful subpoena or preclude any conduct protected under any local, state or federal law, including those providing whistleblower protection to you or the right to engage in concerted activities. Finally, on the date of your termination of service for any reason, you agree to update your profile on social media websites (such as LinkedIn) to reflect that you are no longer an employee of the Company or Parent. Dispute Resolution: You and the Company agree to meet to informally in a good faith effort to resolve any issues arising under this Agreement . If the parties are unable to resolve their differences, they agree to submit to binding arbitration in Phoenix, Arizona, any and all claims and disputes arising hereunder . The parties agree that any dispute will be heard by a single arbitrator, applying Arizona and Federal substantive law, as applicable, in accordance with the American Arbitration Association s Employment Arbitration Rules . If necessary, an action may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction solely to compel arbitration or enforce an arbitration award (or for injunctive relief to enforce the Restrictive Covenants of this Agreement) . This Agreement to arbitrate survives the termination of your employment . You expressly agree and understand that, by agreeing to arbitration to resolve all claims described herein, you, as well as the Company, are waiving your right to a jury or court trial for all such claims . You further understand that arbitration is a private, claim resolution process which utilizes a neutral third-party, instead of a judge or jury, to resolve all claims and typically has more limited discovery than in a case filed in court . You understand that you may refuse to sign this Agreement, but that if the Agreement is not signed, you will not be entitled to the compensation and benefits outlined in this Agreement . /s/ SED 
 Employee must initial above, indicating their agreement to submit all claims to arbitration. Return of Property: Upon the Company s request or your termination of employment for any reason, you shall promptly return to the Company all property of the Company, including, but not limited to, originals and hard and electronic copies of records, documents, Confidential Information, 

computer and office equipment, other equipment, plans, designs, electronic devices, keys, access cards, passwords, credit cards, and other tangible and intangible items, in whatever form, in your possession or control. You understand that all electronic mail, equipment, and all computer hardware and software are property of the Company. Miscellaneous: To the extent required by law, the Company shall withhold from any payments due to you under this Agreement any applicable federal, state or local taxes. You hereby acknowledge that neither the Company nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, members, directors, managers, officers, employees, agents or representatives have provided you with any tax-related advice with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement and that you are solely responsible for obtaining your own tax advice with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to conflicts of law principles. If any term or provision of this Agreement is declared by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and either: (i) the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable; or (ii) if such a modification is not possible, this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such invalid or unenforceable provision were not a part hereof. Each party acknowledges that such party had the opportunity to be represented by counsel in the negotiation and execution of this Agreement. Accordingly, the rule of construction of contract language against the drafting party is hereby waived by each party. Section 409A of the Code: This Agreement shall comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code or an exception thereto and each provision of the Agreement shall be interpreted, to the extent possible, to comply with Section 409A or an exception thereto. Nevertheless, the Company does not and cannot guarantee any particular tax effect or treatment of the amounts due under this Agreement. Except for the Company s responsibility to withhold applicable income and employment taxes from compensation paid or provided to you, the Company will not be responsible for the payment of any applicable taxes on compensation paid or provided pursuant to this Agreement. Neither the time nor schedule of any payment under this Agreement may be accelerated or subject to further deferral except as permitted by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the applicable regulations. You do not have any right to make any election regarding the time or form of any payment due under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Company concludes that the Base Severance Amount or the Enhanced Severance Amount are subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, then no such Severance Amount will be paid prior to your separation from service as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (applying the default rules of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)). Installment payments made pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as separate payments for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). If the Base Severance Amount or the Enhanced Severance Amount are subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, and if you are a specified employee as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i)(1) on the date of your termination of employment, such payments shall not begin until the first day of the seventh month following your separation from service as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (applying the default rules of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)) (and such first payment shall include all prior payments that would otherwise have been made prior to such date). Section 280G of the Code: In the event that any payments, distributions, benefits or entitlements of any type payable to you, whether or not payable upon a termination of employment Payments ): (i) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code; and (ii) but for this Section would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Excise Tax ); then the Payments shall be reduced to such lesser amount (the Reduced Amount that would result in no portion of the Payments being subject to the Excise Tax; provided , however , that such Payments shall not be so reduced if a nationally recognized accounting firm or compensation consulting firm selected by the Company (the Accountants determines that without such reduction, you would be entitled to receive and retain, on a net after-tax basis (including, without limitation, any excise taxes payable under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, federal, state and local income taxes, social security and Medicare taxes and all other applicable taxes, determined by applying the highest marginal rates which applied (or is likely to apply) to you for the tax year in which the Payments are to be made, or such other rate(s) as the Accountants determine to be likely to apply to you in the relevant tax year(s) in which any of the Payments are expected to be made), an amount that is greater than 

the amount, on a net after-tax basis, that you would be entitled to retain upon receipt of the Reduced Amount. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, any determination made under this paragraph shall be made in good faith by the Accountants in a timely manner and shall be binding on the parties absent manifest error. In the event of a reduction of Payments pursuant to this paragraph, the Payments shall be reduced in the order determined by the Accountants that results in the greatest economic benefit to you in a manner that would not result in subjecting you to additional tax under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. For purposes of making the calculations required by this paragraph, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of the Internal Revenue Code, and other applicable legal authority. The Accountants shall provide detailed supporting calculations to both you and the Company and the Company shall bear the cost of all fees charged by the Accountants in connection with any calculations contemplated by this paragraph. If the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code are repealed without succession or if the Company determines that such provisions do not apply to it and/or you for whatever reason, this paragraph shall be of no further force or effect. If you are in agreement with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, please execute and date the Agreement and return a copy to me. 

Sincerely, ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. By: /s/ Steven Sanders Steven Sanders, Chairman 
 Accepted and agreed to: /s/ Susan E. Docherty 12/2/2022 Susan Docherty Date 

Exhibit A Offer Letter Definitions Cause to terminate your employment shall exist if the Company reasonably determines after due inquiry that any one or more of the following has occurred: (i) your commission or conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony; (ii) your material breach of this Agreement, any other agreement you have entered into with the Company which is not cured, if curable, within 10 days following the Company s written notice to you of such breach; (iii) any breach of fiduciary duty you have to the Company or any misconduct that is materially injurious to the Company or a violation of the Company s harassment or discrimination policies; (iv) your habitual drug or alcohol use which materially impairs your ability to perform your duties for the Company; (v) your engaging in fraud, embezzlement or any other illegal conduct that is materially injurious to the Company or any of its affiliates; (vi) deliberate or intentional refusal, or habitual failure to discharge your employment duties, responsibilities or obligations or to follow the Company s policies or procedures which is not cured, if curable, within 10 days following the Company s written notice to you of such behavior; or (vii) your engaging in any illegal, unethical, or immoral act (inside or outside of the scope of your employment) that results in material reputational or financial harm to the Company or any of its affiliates. Change of Control shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Equity Plan. Disability means you are unable to perform your duties under this Agreement for 90 consecutive days in any 12-month period. Good Reason means: (i) a material diminution of your Base Salary; (ii) a material diminution of your authorities, duties, or responsibilities; (iii) any action or inaction that constitutes a material breach of this Agreement by the Company; or (iv) material change in the geographic location at which you are required to provide services. For a termination to constitute Good Reason for purposes of this Agreement: (1) you must provide a notice of termination to the Company within 30 days of the initial existence of the facts or circumstances constituting such event; (2) the Company must fail to cure such facts or circumstances within 30 days after receipt of such notice; and (3) you must actually terminate your employment within 30 days after the expiration of the cure period described in clause (2). 

Exhibit B Employee Restrictive Covenant Agreement In consideration for ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. and ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC (collectively, the Company agreement to employ me and provide me with the compensation and benefits described in the attached Agreement and access to the Company s Confidential Information (as defined below) and trade secrets, I understand, acknowledge and agree, beginning as of the Start Date (as defined in the attached Agreement), as follows: Restrictive Covenants: Non-Solicitation of Customers/Prospective Customers . You agree, for the duration of the Time Limit (as defined below), that you will not, either directly or indirectly, or in any individual or representative capacity, request or solicit any of the Company s current customers or clients with whom you have had contact in the past year to withdraw, curtail, cancel, or decrease the level of their business with the Company or request that they do business with any third party in competition with the Company. You further agree that, for the duration of the Time Limit, you will not, either directly or indirectly, or in any individual or representative capacity, request or solicit any of the Company s prospective customers (defined as any person or entity who has been directly solicited to become a customer or client by the Company and with whom you have had contact with within the past year or possesses Confidential Information about) or clients with whom you have had contact with in the past year or possesses Confidential Information about to forgo doing business with the Company or request that such prospective customer or client do business with any third party in competition with the Company. Non-Solicitation of Employees/Applicants . You agree, for the duration of the Time Limit, that you will not, either directly or indirectly, or in any individual or representative capacity, solicit, induce or encourage or attempt to solicit, induce or encourage any Company employee and/or applicant to terminate his/her employment or prospective employment with the Company. Non-Competition . You agree, for the duration of the Time Limit, (as defined below), that you will not, either directly or indirectly or in any individual or representative capacity, be employed by, engage, own, manage, operate, control, aid, or assist another in the operation, organization or promotion of, participate in, advise, contract with or otherwise engage in any manner with the ownership, management, operation, or control of any business, which has a place of business or regularly conducts business in the Geographical Limit (as defined below) and that promotes or sells products or services competitive with those of the Company. You acknowledge and agree that a business will be deemed competitive with the Company if it performs any of the services or produces, distributes or sells any of the products or services provided or offered by the Company during the term of your relationship with the Company. Tolling . The non-competition and non-solicitation Time Limits set forth above shall be tolled during any period in which you are in breach of the restrictions set forth herein. Reasonable Limitations . You hereby acknowledge and agree that the covenants and obligations made and undertaken in this Agreement are fair and reasonable with respect to duration, geographic area and scope of activity, and do not (and shall not) prevent you from earning a livelihood in complying with the covenants herein. Injunctive Relief. You agree that a breach of the covenants described herein will result in substantial and irreparable damages to the Company, which would be difficult to fully ascertain and calculate, and, by reason of such fact, you agree that, in the event of any such breach or threatened or anticipated breach, the Company will have the right to a restraining order and injunction, both temporary and permanent, enjoining and restraining any such breach or threatened breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting a bond. Such injunctive relief will be in addition to any other remedies available to the Company at law or in equity. 

Survival of Restrictive Covenants . Your acknowledgements and agreements set forth in this Agreement shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and the termination of your employment with the Company for any reason. Notice to Future Employers: You agree that you will notify, and the Company shall have the right to notify, any future or prospective employers, or individuals or entities with whom you may be entering into a contractual relationship, of the Restrictive Covenant provisions of this Agreement for purposes of ensuring that the Company s interests are protected. Company Proprietary Information: While you are providing services to the Company, the Company may disclose or make available to you, Confidential Information. By signing this Agreement, you agree to: (i) protect and safeguard the confidentiality of the Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care as you would protect your own confidential information, but in no event with less than a commercially reasonable degree of care; and (ii) not use or disclose the Confidential Information, or permit it to be accessed, used or disclosed, for any purpose other than to carry out the duties assigned to you by the Company or as may be required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable federal, state or local law, regulation or a valid order issued by a court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction. Upon your termination of service for any reason, or upon the Company s written request, you shall promptly return to the Company all copies, whether in written, electronic or other form or media, of the Confidential Information, or destroy all such copies at the Company s written request and certify in writing to the Company that such Confidential Information has been destroyed. In addition to all other remedies available at law, the Company may seek equitable relief (including injunctive relief) against you to prevent the breach or threatened breach of this confidentiality covenant and to secure its enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (a) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. If you file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, you may disclose the Company s trade secrets to your attorney and use the trade secret in the court proceeding, if you file any document containing the trade secret under seal and do not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. In addition to the obligations above, we may ask that you also sign the Company s standard Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement. Definitions: For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: Confidential Information means non-public information about the Company s business affairs, products, services, confidential intellectual property, trade secrets, third-party confidential information and other sensitive or proprietary information, whether orally or in written, electronic or other form or media, and whether or not marked, designated or otherwise identified as confidential. Confidential Information shall not include information that, at the time of disclosure and as established by documentary evidence: (i) is or becomes generally available to and known by the public other than as a result of, directly or indirectly, any breach of this Agreement by you; (ii) is or becomes available to you on a non-confidential basis from a third-party source, provided that such third-party is not and was not prohibited from disclosing such Confidential Information; (iii) was known by or in the possession of you prior to being disclosed by or on behalf of the Company; or (iv) was or is independently developed by you without reference to or use, in whole or in part, of any of the Confidential Information. Geographical Limit means the United States of America; if a court determines that the United States of America is too broad, then the state of Arizona; if a court determines that Arizona is too broad, then Maricopa and Pima County; if a court determines that Maricopa and Pima County is too broad, then Maricopa County only; if a court determines that Maricopa County is too broad, then the greater-Phoenix area, Arizona. 

Time Limit means the term of your employment with the Company and for a period of 12 months thereafter; if a court determines that 12 months is longer than necessary to protect the Company s legitimate interests, then 9 months; if a court determines 9 months is longer than necessary to protect the Company s legitimate interests, then 6 months. Miscellaneous: This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to conflicts of law principles. If any term or provision of this Agreement is declared by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and either: (i) the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable; or (ii) if such a modification is not possible, this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such invalid or unenforceable provision were not a part hereof. Each party acknowledges that such party had the opportunity to be represented by counsel in the negotiation and execution of this Agreement. Accordingly, the rule of construction of contract language against the drafting party is hereby waived by each party. The dispute resolution provisions of the Offer Letter attached hereto are incorporated by reference and by signing below you acknowledge and agree that any dispute arising under this Agreement will be resolved in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Offer Letter. Accepted and agreed to: /s/ Susan E. Docherty 12/2/2022 Susan Docherty Date 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 7
 solo-20221231xex10d15.htm
 EX-10.15

Exhibit 10.15 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL CONTRACT ASSEMBLY AGREEMENT THIS CONTRACT ASSEMBLY AGREEMENT Agreement is made and entered into on March 1, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC , with offices at 8127 E Ray Rd, Mesa, AZ 85212 Contractor or EMV ), and GLV, LLC , with offices at 417 E. Second Street, Rochester, MI 48307 Client or GLV ). Client and Contractor are collectively referred to at times herein as a Party or as the Parties ). RECITALS WHEREAS , Contractor is engaged in and has expertise and desire to provide contract assembly services (the Services and WHEREAS , Client desires Contractor to perform such Services on Client s electric vehicle products (the Assembled Products from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and mutual promises contained herein, the Parties agree as follows: AGREEMENT 1. SCOPE OF WORK Contractor shall perform the Services for Client as outlined in each order agreed to between the Parties from time to time, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A Order ). Client hereby grants to Contractor during the term of this Agreement the right to perform such Services on Contractor s Products, including the right to use Client s materials, trademarks, data, technical information, know-how, and Confidential Information related to Client s Products in connection with performance of the Services. Title to assembled Products passes to Client upon tender to the delivery point specified by Client. Title will transfer to Client even if Contractor has not been paid for performance, provided that Client will not be relieved of its obligation to pay for all Services in accordance with the terms hereof. 2. PAYMENT TERMS Contractor shall invoice Client monthly in arrears for all Services performed and associated shipping, handling, and other expenses related to the Products. Client must make payment within thirty (30) days of the date of each invoice. Client shall not, and acknowledges that it will have no right, under this Agreement, any Order, any other agreement, document or applicable law to, withhold, offset, recoup or debit any amounts owed to Contractor under this Agreement. Client is solely responsible for, and shall pay, and shall hold Contractor harmless from, all taxes that may be applicable under the terms of this Agreement or any Order (except for taxes for Contractor s income, personnel, and property). If Client fails to make timely payment, then: (i) Contractor may suspend the Services; (ii) Client must pay interest in the amount of one point five percent (1.5 per month or the applicable lawful rate, whichever is higher; and (iii) Client must pay all of Contractor s costs of collections, including attorneys fees. All payments must be made in US Dollars. In addition to all other remedies available under this Agreement or at law, if Client fails to pay any undisputed amounts when due under this Agreement, Contractor may (a) suspend performance of the Services and/or delivery of the Products, (b) reject Client s Orders; or (c) terminate this Agreement and/or Orders pursuant to the terms herein. 

 3. SECURITY INTEREST To secure Client s prompt and complete payment and performance of any and all present and future indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities, Client hereby grants Contractor a first-priority security interest, in all Products supplied under this Agreement, as well as all proceeds (including insurance proceeds) of the foregoing. Contractor may file financing statement(s) for such security interests, and Client authorizes Contractor to execute, on Client s behalf, such statements or other documentation necessary to perfect Contractor s security interest in such Products. No course of conduct and/or action in connection with Contractor s exercise of the foregoing rights under applicable law shall lead to Contractor being unjustly enriched at Client s expense. 4. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND COVENANTS Each Party represents, warrants, and covenants that it will perform its respective obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, each applicable Order, and all applicable laws and regulations. 5. INSPECTION . Contractor shall inspect all Client materials and parts upon receipt, and Client shall be responsible for all defective materials and parts. Client shall promptly remediate such defects, including but not limited to replacing broken or defective materials and parts, at Client s sole cost and expense. Client shall inspect all Assembled Products received under this Agreement within ten(10) working days of receipt Inspection Period ). Client will be deemed to have accepted Assembled Products unless it provides Contractor with written notice of nonconformance within the Inspection Period, stating with specificity all defects and nonconformities, and furnishing such other written evidence or other documentation as may be reasonably required by Contractor. All defects and nonconformities that are not so specified will be deemed waived by Client. If Client timely notifies Contractor of any nonconforming Assembled Products, and if Contractor is able to independently confirm that such Assembled Products are nonconforming, then Contractor, in its sole discretion, either (i) repair such nonconforming Assembled Products with conforming Assembled Products; or (ii) refund to Client such amounts paid by Client to Contractor for such nonconforming Assembled Products. Without limiting the foregoing, Client shall ship, at Contractor s expense and risk of loss, all nonconforming Assembled Products to Contractor s facility located in Mesa, Arizona, or to such other location as Contractor may instruct Client in writing. THE REMEDIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION ARE CLIENT S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR THE DELIVERY OF NONCONFORMING ASSEMBLED PRODUCTS. 6. CONFIDENTIALITY Each Party shall use the Confidential Information provided by the other Party solely for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. Each Party agrees to take the same degree of care with the Confidential Information of the other Party as the Party takes with its own Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein, each receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information if and to the extent that such disclosure is required by applicable law, regulation, or court order, provided that, as permitted by applicable law, receiving Party uses reasonable efforts, at disclosing Party s expense, to assist the disclosing Party in limiting such disclosure. Confidential Information means: (i) any information that has been marked as confidential or proprietary (ii) information whose confidential nature has been made known by the disclosing Party to the receiving Party; or (iii) information that, due to its character or nature, a reasonable person under like circumstances would treat as confidential. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include any information that: (a) was in the receiving Party s possession prior to the time it was disclosed by the disclosing Party; (b) is or becomes available to the general public through no fault of the receiving Party; (c) is disclosed to the receiving Party without restriction on disclosure by a third Party who has the lawful right to disclose such information; or (d) is independently developed by the receiving Party without the use of the disclosing Party s Confidential Information. 

 7. INDEMNIFICATION . Client agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Contractor and its respective subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, successors, and permitted assigns Representatives from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, obligations, charges, judgments, fines, costs, and expenses of any kind or character, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, expenses, and costs of investigation, experts, and witnesses (collectively Liabilities ), incurred by such Contractor or any of its Representatives arising out of, relating to or in connection with: (a) Client s use of the Services, including, without limitation, any and all Liabilities associated with the Assembled Products; (b) a breach of this Agreement by Client or any of its Representatives; (c) the negligence, willful misconduct, or wrongful acts or omissions of Client; or (d) any infringement, misappropriation, and/or violation of intellectual property rights arising out of Client s materials and/or the Assembled Products. 8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY NOT WITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT , IN NO EVENT SHALL CONTRACTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, LOST BUSINESS, LOST SAVINGS, OR ANY OTHER INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES UNDER ANY PART OF THIS AGREEMENT EVEN IF ADVISED OR AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT FOR LIABILITIES CAUSED BY CONTRACTOR S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR ILLEGAL ACTS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CONTRACTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE PRICE OF THE SERVICES PAID BY CLIENT IN RESPECT OF WHICH CLAIM HAS BEEN MADE. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, CONTRACTOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND LIABILITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE ASSEMBLED PRODUCTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL END CUSTOMER AND END USER LIABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITY. 9. TERM AND TERMINATION This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue thereafter for one hundred fifty (150) days (the Initial Term ). Thereafter this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive 90 day period unless either Party provides written notice not to the other Party of its intent not to renew this Agreement at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then-current Term. Each Order shall have the term set forth therein. This Agreement and each Order may be terminated: (i) at any time upon mutual written agreement of the Parties; (ii) by Contractor, if Client fails to pay any amount when due; (iii) by either Party, if the other Party materially breaches any provision of this Agreement and either the breach cannot be cured or, if the breach can be cured, it is not cured by the breaching Party within five (5) business days after the breaching Party s receipt of written notice of such breach; (iv) by either Party upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event that lasts longer than thirty (30) days; (v) by either Party, if the other Party (A) becomes insolvent, (B) is generally unable to pay, or fails to pay, its debts as they become due, (C) files, or has filed against it, a petition for voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or pursuant to any other insolvency law, (D) makes or seeks to make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (E) applies for, or consents to, the appointment of a trustee, receiver or custodian for its property or business; or (vi) by either Party for convenience after giving the other Party thirty(30) days prior written notice thereof anytime after the first ninety (90) days of the first Order entered into hereunder. The provisions of this Agreement that, by their nature and content, should reasonably survive the completion, rescission, termination or expiration of this Agreement in order to achieve the fundamental purposes of this Agreement, shall so survive and continue to bind the Parties. 10. FORCE MAJEURE 

 Neither Party shall be liable or responsible for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any portion of this Agreement (except for payments from Client), when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts beyond the impacted Party s reasonable control Force Majeure Events ):. The impacted Party shall give notice to the other Party, stating the period of time the Force Majeure Event is expected to continue, and shall use diligent efforts to ensure the effects of such Force Majeure Event are minimized. The impacted Party shall resume the performance of its obligations as soon as reasonably practicable after the removal of the cause. 11. INSURANCE During the term of the Agreement, each Party at its sole cost and expense maintain insurance of such type and with such terms and limits as may be reasonably necessary to cover the liabilities associated with this Agreement, including the following coverages and limits: (a) Workers Compensation insurance on all employees, whether paid or volunteer, as may be required by applicable state law; (b) Commercial General Liability (premises, operations, independent contractors, products, personal/business injury) 2,000,000 each occurrence and 5,000,000 aggregate; and (c) Professional Liability insurance with limits of not less than 5,000,000 each accident or occurrence covering claims arising from the professional service being performed. Each Party shall be named as additional insureds on all of applicable liability insurance policies. 12. JOINT STEERING COMMITTEE AND QBR Promptly following the Effective Date, the Parties shall establish a joint steering committee to oversee the respective rights and obligations under this Agreement (the Joint Steering Committee ). The Joint Steering Committee shall be comprised of two (2) named representatives of Contractor (mutually accepted by the Client) and two (2) named representatives of Client (or such other number as the parties may agree). The duties of the Joint Steering Committee shall include, but not be limited to, the following: (a) corporate governance, including safety and compliance requirements; (b) general oversight of all aspects of this Agreement, including definition, implementation and development of business processes and pricing; (c) implementation and coordination of undertakings in accordance with this Agreement; (d) providing an initial forum for the resolution of disputes arising in connection with any aspect of this Agreement; and (e) providing a forum for monitoring the exchange of Confidential Information. The Joint Steering Committee will meet as often as is reasonably necessary to accomplish the duties and obligations set forth in this Agreement, but at least quarterly, on a mutually agreeable date and at a place. Any decision by the Joint Steering Committee that seeks to amend the Agreement and/or applicable Order will not be binding unless it is recorded in writing and signed by authorized representatives of both Parties. 13. CONTROLLING LAW; DISPUTE RESOLUTION; JURISDICTION This Agreement and all questions relating to its validity, interpretation, and enforcement shall be governed by and construed, interpreted, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona. The Parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona. The prevailing Party in any legal proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys fees and costs. 14. GENERAL PROVISIONS This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and representations made with respect to the same subject matter and contains the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall not be modified except by an instrument in writing signed by duly authorized representatives of each Party. The terms of this Agreement will govern each order for Product, and the Parties acknowledge and agree that no term(s) or condition(s) which may be found in any Order, confirmation or Purchaser or Contractor document will modify, amend, supplement or otherwise vary the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any terms and conditions contained in any Order, order acknowledgement, sales order, invoice, request or other form which are in conflict with, or inconsistent with any term of this Agreement, including any term contained in any attachment hereto, shall be null and 

 void and shall have no force or effect, and such term in this Agreement or any attachment hereto shall control. The failure by either Party to demand performance by the other Party of any obligation under this Agreement shall not constitute, nor be construed as, a waiver. Any waiver by either Party or any breach of this Agreement shall not be considered a waiver of any other breach of this Agreement. The Parties relationship under this Agreement is that of independent contractors. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to imply a joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship between the Parties hereto. Neither Party shall be liable for the debts, obligations, or responsibilities of the other Party, and neither Party shall have the right or authority to assume or create any obligation or responsibility, whether express or implied, on behalf of or in the name of the other Party or to bind the other Party in any manner. All notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by certified or registered United States mail, return receipt requested with postage prepaid, to the Parties at the addresses on page one of this Agreement. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby. Any right or obligation of the parties in this Agreement which, by its nature, should survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive. Neither Party will voluntarily, or by operation of law, assign or otherwise transfer its obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party. Any purported assignment or delegation in violation of this section shall be null and void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Party shall have the right to assign this Agreement to (i) an affiliate or (ii) in connection with any sale, merger, consolidation, reorganization, restructuring or similar change in control transaction. This Agreement will ensure to the benefit of and be binding on the Parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and permitted assigns. The Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have caused this Agreement to be signed and accepted by their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date. ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC GLV, LLC By: /s/ Susan E. Docherty By: /s/ Gilbert Villarreal Name: Susan E. Docherty Name: Gilbert Villarreal Title: Chief Executive Officer Title: President 

EXHIBIT A ORDER # 1 This Order #1 is entered into on March 1, 2023 Order Effective Date by and between ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC Contractor or EMV ), and GLV, LLC Client or GLV ), pursuant to that certain Contract Assembly Agreement entered into between the parties on March 1, 2023. The Parties hereby agree as follows: 1. Services #1 a. Service Description : EMV to perform light assembly on two Client products, the EVO and RUNT, and logistical services which include shipping, receiving and inventory control subject to payment of additional fees as set forth herein. The Parties may agree in writing on expanding to further products supplied by GLV. GLV will ship materials and parts to EMV to assemble in EMV s Mesa plant. b. Warehousing : EMV shall accept and warehouse up to 10,000 square feet of Client materials and parts, provided that any modifications to the warehousing requirement shall be agreed upon by the Joint Steering Committee. c. Initial Pricing : [ ] per Assembled Product for the EVO and [ ] for the Runt. 1. For the first ten (10) days, after production has started, EMV shall calculate hours performed for each Assembled Product, and shall report such information to GLV. This information will be used to establish updated pricing per Assembled Product. 2. In addition to the above Services pricing, GLV shall be responsible for the following costs and expenses. If EMV makes any such arrangements, at the written request of GLV, EMV will include such costs on its next invoice and GLV will reimburse EMV for such costs and expenses according to the payment terms herein. 1. All storage and handling costs, including all special storage costs for hazardous materials (e.g., batteries, etc.); 2. All sourcing and logistics, including all inbound and outbound shipping and handling costs; 3. Costs associated with any licenses, export or import approvals, and any other permits and/or licenses required in connection with the Assembled Products and Services; and 4. All insurance premium related increases that may be applicable to EMV s real property insurance requirements in connection with GLV materials and Assembled Products. 3. Joint Steering Committee to review pricing on a quarterly basis if requirements, Assembled Products, volume or any other material changes occur. Any adjustments shall be agreed upon by the parties in writing. 2. Services #2 a. Service Description : Additional support Services to be provided by EMV to GLV when requested in writing at the following hourly rates: 

 1. Engineering Support [ ] per hour. 2. Program Manager [ ] per hour. 3. Logistics Support [ ] per hour. 3. Term and Termination a. Term : This Order shall commence on the Order Effective Date and shall continue for an initial period of one hundred fifty (150) days Initial Order Term provided, however, that either party shall be entitled to terminate this Order upon not less than thirty (30) days written notice anytime after the first ninety (90) days of this Order. b. Termination : Either Party may terminate this Order in accordance with the Agreement. c. Early Termination : In the event GLV seeks to terminate this Order for convenience prior to the Initial Order Term, then GLV shall promptly pay to Contractor for all committed, non-cancellable costs and expenses incurred in connection with wind down activities prior to returning in-process products and GLV materials and parts. 4. Additional Details a. Type of Labor requested : i. Assembly Operations (EMV new hires) Assemblers, Materials Coordination, Production Manager, Manufacturing Engineer (when needed). ii. Operations (from existing EMV team) Logistics coordinator, PDI Technician. iii. Engineering (from existing EMV team) When needed, engineering review by Huda. iv. Project Management (from existing EMV team) v. GLV - will provide onsite representative(s) to oversee progress. b. Quality Requirements : Defected parts will be quarantined and reported to GLV. EMV shall maintain industry standard records related to Assembled Product assembly. c. Shipping Requirements : EMV to coordinate 3 rd party shipping for finished Assembled Products, and all such costs shall be the responsibility of GLV. d. Assumptions : Process deficiencies requiring more time, and mutually discussed and agreed to by GLV, will be passed along to and paid for by GLV in cost-plus model, according to the support Services pricing included above. The pricing included herein is based on an assumed Assembled Product build time of four (4) hours per EVO vehicle/ and two (2) hours per Runt vehicle/a minimum of fourteen (14) EVO vehicle builds per business day. EMV will dedicate at least ten (10) employees to the performance and fulfillment of this Order, and one (1) such employee will be a quality inspector who will provide real time inspection of the work and oversee quality control procedures. e. Cap Ex : All capital expenditures must be paid for and will be owned by GLV, including, without limitation, tooling, vehicle assembly aids, lift assistance machinery, etc. EMV will notify GLV in writing, and GLV will provide written approval to EMV, before EMV makes any such capital expenditures. f. Training : GLV will provide adequate training to EMV s employees to enable EMV to fulfill its obligations herein. Such training will be provided by GLV no less than two (2) weeks prior to EMV undertaking of performance of the Services. 

 g. Regulatory : The Parties regulatory compliance must be jointly coordinated and agreed to between authorized representatives of the Parties to ensure that the performance of the Services is and remains compliant with all applicable laws and regulations, including: i. Safety requirements (Federal/State/Corporate) ii. Environmental Health and Standards h. Specifications : GLV shall provide the following documentation to EMV: i. Assembly process manual ii. Bill of materials iii. Standard operating procedures iv. Quality specification requirements for incoming parts and assembled products v. ISO/PPAP requirements IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have by duly authorized persons executed this Order as of the Order Effective Date. ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC GLV, LLC By: /s/ Susan E. Docherty By: /s/ Gilbert Villarreal Name: Susan E. Docherty Name: Gilbert Villarreal Date: 03/03/2023 Date: 003/03/2023 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.17>
 8
 solo-20221231xex10d17.htm
 EX-10.17

Exhibit 10.17 

ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. 8057 N Fraser Way, Burnaby, British Columbia, V5J 5M8, Canada 1-604-428-7656 (SOLO) www.electrameccanica.com 
 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL February 9, 2023 Michael Bridge [ ] [ ] [ ] Delivered Electronically via Email Re: Offer of Employment Dear Michael: We are delighted to enter into this Executive Employment Agreement (the Agreement to memorialize the terms under which you will serve as the General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. (the Parent and as the General Counsel of ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC (the Company ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (and the Parent and the Company being, collectively, the Companies , as the context so requires). This offer is contingent upon the satisfactory completion of reference and background checks. Your start date will be March 20, 2023 (the Start Date ). Once this Agreement becomes effective, it will form the entire agreement between you and the Companies with respect to the matters described in this Agreement and it will supersede and replace any prior understandings (whether oral or written) with respect to the subject matter described herein. If you have any questions about the information below, please contact me directly. Provision Agreement Location: Your principal place of employment will be the Company s executive offices in Mesa, Arizona. Title; Reporting; Duties; No Conflicts: Beginning on the Start Date, you will serve as the General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Parent and the General Counsel of the Company reporting directly to the Parent s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO ). While serving as the General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, you will have control over, and responsibility for, the day-to-day legal affairs of the Company and the Parent and shall have such other duties, authorities and responsibilities commensurate for such or a similar position at a similarly situated company together with such additional duties as may be assigned to you by the CEO from time to time. You understand that: (i) your employment services will be full-time and exclusive to the Companies and that you will be expected to devote substantially all of your full business time, attention, energy and skills to the Companies; (ii) you agree to serve the Companies faithfully, loyally, honestly and to the best of your ability; and (iii) you will not, without the express written consent of the CEO, engage in any other commercial activity or outside employment. You may serve as an independent director for other entities, subject to the prior written approval of the CEO and such service not placing you in any conflict of interest in respect of you duties hereunder and to the Companies. The preceding paragraph is not intended to prohibit you from engaging in charitable or nonprofessional activities, such as personal investments or conducting private business affairs, as long as they do not conflict or interfere with the performance of your duties to the Companies. You agree to observe and comply with the rules and policies of the Companies as the same may be adopted and amended from time to time. 

By signing this Agreement, you represent and warrant that you are under no contractual or other obligations or commitments that are inconsistent with your obligations under this Agreement and including, without limitation, any restrictions that would preclude you from providing services to the Companies e.g ., a non-compete with a former employer). Term: The initial term of your employment under this Agreement shall commence on the Start Date and shall continue until the three year anniversary of the Start Date (the Initial Term ). The Initial term will automatically extend on the same terms and conditions set forth below for additional one year periods (each, a Renewal Term ), unless either party gives the other party written notice of non-renewal at least 30 calendar days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term. The Initial Term, together with all Renewal Terms, are collectively referred to in this Agreement as the Term . Base Salary: A rate of 325,000 per year (the Base Salary during the Term to be paid according to the Company s normal payroll cycle. Your Base Salary will be reviewed annually and may be adjusted by the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Parent s Board of Directors (the Board in its sole discretion. For 2023, your Base Salary will be pro-rated based on the number of days from your Start Date through December 31, 2023. Sign-On Options: Subject to approval by the Compensation Committee and the following exercise and vesting terms, and as soon as reasonably practicable upon your execution of this Agreement and your announcement by the Parent as its new General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (the Grant Date ), you will be awarded a non-qualified stock option under the Parent s Stock Incentive Plan (the Equity Plan to purchase up to an aggregate of 500,000 shares of common stock of the Parent (the Sign-On Option ), with the Sign-On Option having an exercise price equating to the closing price for the Parent s stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq on day prior to the Grant Date (the Exercise Price ), with the Sign-On Option having a maximum exercise term of seven years from the Grant Date (the Exercise Term and, subject to the following, with the Sign-On Option vesting in three equal annual installments from the Grant Date (the Vesting ). The Sign-On Option will be subject to such other terms and conditions as specified by the Compensation Committee, the Equity Plan, the award agreement that you must execute as a condition of the grant of the Sign-On Option and the Parent s insider trading policy. Short-Term Incentive Plan STIP ): Beginning January 1, 2023, and for each full calendar year during the Term thereafter, you will be eligible to participate in an annual cash incentive program adopted in writing and approved by the Compensation Committee (the STIP ). Your target incentive under the STIP will equal 50 of your Base Salary and in no event will your STIP payment exceed 100 of your Base Salary. Whether you are entitled to receive a STIP payment, and the amount of such payment, will depend on the attainment of written quantitative and qualitative performance goals, including financial performance goals, established by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion and in advance. The amount of the STIP, if any, will be determined by the Compensation Committee in January or February of the year following the year during the Term to which the STIP relates, and the earned STIP, if any, will be paid to you no later than March 31 of the year following the year to which the STIP relates e.g. , the STIP for 2023, if any, will be paid no later than March 31, 2024). You must be actively employed by the Companies through the date the STIP is paid in order to earn and be eligible to receive the STIP. Active employment does not include any period of notice that arises upon termination of employment, whether by contract, or otherwise, unless expressly required by applicable law. Long-Term Incentive Compensation: Beginning January 1, 2024, and for each full calendar year during the Term thereafter, you will be eligible to receive grants of stock options, performance shares and other awards under the Equity Plan (collectively, the Annual Equity Awards ). The amount of Annual Equity Awards, the mix of Annual Equity Awards, the vesting schedule and the other terms and conditions of the Annual Equity Awards will be established by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion. The Annual Equity Awards will be subject to such other terms and conditions as specified by the Compensation Committee, the Equity Plan, the award agreement(s) that you must execute as a condition of the award(s) and the Parent s insider trading policy. Benefits; Vacation: During the Term of this Agreement you will be eligible to participate in the Company s standard company benefit and vacation plans, as such plans may be amended, modified or terminated by the Company from time to time, with or without notice, in accordance with the applicable benefit and vacation plan documents. For the avoidance of doubt, your participation in such 

plans will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable benefit plan documents. Termination of Employment: This Agreement, and your employment hereunder, may be terminated at any time during the Term, for any reason, by the Board upon at least 30 calendar days prior written notice (or any alternative time period agreed to by the parties) to you; provided , that, the Board may terminate your employment immediately for Cause (as defined in Exhibit A ). Upon your termination for any reason, the Company will pay you your accrued but unpaid Base Salary through your date of termination and any accrued but unpaid reasonable business expenses through your date of termination (collectively, the Accrued Obligations ), with such amount paid in compliance in accordance with applicable law. In addition to the Accrued Obligations, you may be entitled to receive severance benefits and equity award acceleration as described below. Resignation on Termination: Unless otherwise indicated in a writing to you from the Board, upon your termination of employment with the Companies for any reason, and without any further action on your part, you will be deemed to immediately resign all officerships, directorships, managerships and other positions you hold with the Companies and their affiliates. If for any reason this provision is determined to be insufficient to effectuate such resignations, you agree to sign any documents or instruments the Companies determine necessary to effectuate such resignations. Voluntary Resignation Without Good Reason: This Agreement and your employment hereunder may terminate at any time during the Term provided that you give the Board at least 90 calendar days prior written notice of your resignation without Good Reason (as defined in Exhibit A ; and which 90-day period may be waived by the Board or extended to a longer period if agreed to by the parties). In such case, you will only be entitled to the Accrued Obligations. The Parent may, in its sole discretion, waive the notice provided under this section, in which case your employment will terminate on the earlier date specified by the Parent. Death or Disability: This Agreement, and your employment hereunder, will terminate immediately upon your death or Disability (as defined in Exhibit A ). In such case, you (or your spouse or estate) will only be entitled to the Accrued Obligations and, in addition, will be eligible to exercise any vested Sign-On Options or other stock options granted you by the Parent which may have vested as at the date of termination by reason of Death or Disability for a period of one year from such termination date. Termination and Severance Prior to a Change of Control: In the event your full-time employment is terminated by the Board without Cause or by you for Good Reason prior to a Change of Control (as defined in Exhibit A during the Term, then, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to your timely execution (and non-revocation) of the release described below, you will be entitled to receive a cash severance payment equal to the sum of: (i) 12 months of your then Base Salary plus one month of your then Base Salary for every completed year of service under this Agreement (to a maximum of 16 months); (ii) six times the monthly amount that is charged to Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA qualified beneficiaries for the same medical coverage options elected by you immediately prior to your last day of employment; and (iii) the greater of (a) your average STIP paid in the two prior years and (b) 80 of the target annual STIP for the current fiscal year (collectively, the Base Severance Amount ). The Base Severance Amount will be paid to you in installments over a 12-month period, in accordance with the Company s normal payroll cycle, with the first installment paid during the first payroll period following the expiration of the release revocation period described below. In addition to the Base Severance Amount, you will be entitled to receive a pro-rata STIP for the year in which your termination occurred, with such pro-rata STIP paid at the same time described above. In addition, you will be eligible to exercise the vested Sign-On Option or other stock options granted you by the Parent which may have vested as at the date of termination by the Board without Cause or by you for Good Reason prior to a Change of Control of for a period of one year from such termination date. 

Full Vesting of Equity Awards on Change of Control: Upon the closing of a transaction during the Term that results in a Change of Control, and notwithstanding anything in the Equity Plan to the contrary, your Sign-On Option and any other stock options then granted you shall fully vest and become exercisable for a period of one year from the date of your termination, and, in addition, any then restricted stock units awarded you shall immediately vest on the date of your termination. Termination and Severance Following a Change of Control: In the event your full-time employment is terminated by the Board without Cause or by you with Good Reason during the 12 month period following a Change of Control during the Term, then, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to your timely execution (and non-revocation) of the release described below, you will be entitled to receive a cash severance payment equal to the sum of: (i) 12 months of your then Base Salary; and (ii) six times the monthly amount that is charged to COBRA qualified beneficiaries for the same medical coverage options elected by you immediately prior to your last day of employment (collectively, the Enhanced Severance Amount ). The Enhanced Severance Amount will be paid to you in installments over a 12-month period, in accordance with the Company s normal payroll cycle, with the first installment paid during the first payroll period following the expiration of the release revocation period described below. Release Required to Receive Severance: In order to receive the severance pay and other benefits described above, you must, no later than 60 calendar days following your last day of employment, execute (and not revoke) a general release and waiver of any claims that you may have in connection with your employment and termination of employment with the Companies and their affiliates. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Company concludes that the severance pay and benefits are subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), and if the consideration period described in the release, plus the revocation period described in the release, spans two calendar years, then, to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, such severance payments and benefits shall not begin to be paid until the second calendar year (and such first installment shall include installment payments that would otherwise have been made prior to such date). Restrictive Covenants: This Agreement is contingent upon you, on your Start Date, signing the Restrictive Covenant Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B . Cooperation: Following the termination of your service with the Companies for any reason during the Term, you agree to cooperate fully with the Companies and with the Companies counsel in connection with any present and future actual or threatened litigation, administrative proceeding or other investigation involving the Parent, the Company or any affiliate that relates to events, occurrences or conduct occurring (or claimed to have occurred) during your employment. You are hereby instructed to tell the truth in any litigation, administrative proceeding or other investigation involving the Parent, the Company and or any affiliate, and nothing herein shall be deemed or construed to suggest otherwise. If your cooperation is required pursuant to this section, the Company will: (i) reimburse you for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (excluding legal fees); and (ii) if such cooperation is required during a period of time you are not receiving severance pay, pay you hourly compensation at a rate equivalent to your hourly Base Salary at the time of your termination of employment. Non-Disparagement; Social Media: During the Term and following the termination of your service for any reason, you agree that you will not criticize, defame, be derogatory toward or otherwise disparage the Parent, the Company, any affiliate, their products, services, or the Parent s or the Company s past, present and future officers, directors, managers, stockholders, agents, representatives, employees, or affiliates, or its or their business plans or actions, to any third-party, either orally or in writing; provided that that this provision will not preclude you from giving truthful testimony in response to a lawful subpoena or preclude any conduct protected under any local, state or federal law, including those providing whistleblower protection to you or the right to engage in concerted activities. Finally, on the date of your termination of service for any reason, you agree to update your profile on social media websites (such as LinkedIn) to reflect that you are no longer an employee of the Companies. Dispute Resolution: You and the Companies agree to meet to informally in a good faith effort to resolve any issues arising under this Agreement . If the parties are unable to resolve their differences, they agree 

to submit to binding arbitration in Phoenix, Arizona, any and all claims and disputes arising hereunder . The parties agree that any dispute will be heard by a single arbitrator, applying Arizona and Federal substantive law, as applicable, in accordance with the American Arbitration Association s Employment Arbitration Rules . If necessary, an action may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction solely to compel arbitration or enforce an arbitration award (or for injunctive relief to enforce the Restrictive Covenants of this Agreement) . This Agreement to arbitrate survives the termination of your employment . You expressly agree and understand that, by agreeing to arbitration to resolve all claims described herein, you, as well as the Companies, are waiving your right to a jury or court trial for all such claims . You further understand that arbitration is a private, claim resolution process which utilizes a neutral third-party, instead of a judge or jury, to resolve all claims and typically has more limited discovery than in a case filed in court . You understand that you may refuse to sign this Agreement, but that if the Agreement is not signed, you will not be entitled to the compensation and benefits outlined in this Agreement . 

/s/ MB 
 Employee must initial above, indicating their agreement to submit all claims to arbitration. Return of Property: Upon the Company s request or your termination of employment for any reason, you shall promptly return to the Company all property of the Companies and including, but not limited to, originals and hard and electronic copies of all records, documents, Confidential Information, computer and office equipment, other equipment, plans, designs, electronic devices, keys, access cards, passwords, credit cards and other tangible and intangible items, in whatever form, in your possession or control. You understand that all electronic mail, equipment and all computer hardware and software are property of the Companies. Miscellaneous: To the extent required by law, the Company shall withhold from any payments due to you under this Agreement any applicable federal, state or local taxes. You hereby acknowledge that neither the Company, the Parent, nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, members, directors, managers, officers, employees, agents or representatives, have provided you with any tax-related advice with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement and that you are solely responsible for obtaining your own tax advice with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to conflicts of law principles. If any term or provision of this Agreement is declared by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and either: (i) the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable; or (ii) if such a modification is not possible, this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such invalid or unenforceable provision were not a part hereof. Each party acknowledges that such party had the opportunity to be represented by counsel in the negotiation and execution of this Agreement. Accordingly, the rule of construction of contract language against the drafting party is hereby waived by each party. Section 409A of the Code: This Agreement shall comply with Section 409A of the Code or an exception thereto and each provision of the Agreement shall be interpreted, to the extent possible, to comply with Section 409A or an exception thereto. Nevertheless, the Company does not and cannot guarantee any particular tax effect or treatment of the amounts due under this Agreement. Except for the Company s responsibility to withhold applicable income and employment taxes from compensation paid or provided to you, the Company will not be responsible for the payment of any applicable taxes on compensation paid or provided pursuant to this Agreement. Neither the time nor schedule of any payment under this Agreement may be accelerated or subject to further deferral except as permitted by Section 409A of the Code and the applicable regulations. You do not have any right to make any election regarding the time or form of any payment due under this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Company concludes that the Base Severance Amount or the Enhanced Severance Amount are subject to Section 409A of the Code, then no such Severance Amount will be paid prior to your separation from service as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (applying the default rules of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)). Installment payments made pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as separate payments for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). 

If the Base Severance Amount or the Enhanced Severance Amount are subject to Section 409A of the Code, and if you are a specified employee as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i)(1) on the date of your termination of employment, such payments shall not begin until the first day of the seventh month following your separation from service as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (applying the default rules of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)) (and such first payment shall include all prior payments that would otherwise have been made prior to such date). Section 280G of the Code: In the event that any payments, distributions, benefits or entitlements of any type payable to you, whether or not payable upon a termination of employment (collectively, the Payments ): (i) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code; and (ii) but for this section would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ); then the Payments shall be reduced to such lesser amount (the Reduced Amount that would result in no portion of the Payments being subject to the Excise Tax; provided , however , that such Payments shall not be so reduced if a nationally recognized accounting firm or compensation consulting firm selected by the Company (the Accountants determines that without such reduction you would be entitled to receive and retain, on a net after-tax basis (including, without limitation, any excise taxes payable under Section 4999 of the Code, federal, state and local income taxes, social security and medicare taxes and all other applicable taxes, determined by applying the highest marginal rates which applied (or is likely to apply) to you for the tax year in which the Payments are to be made, or such other rate(s) as the Accountants determine to be likely to apply to you in the relevant tax year(s) in which any of the Payments are expected to be made), an amount that is greater than the amount, on a net after-tax basis, that you would be entitled to retain upon receipt of the Reduced Amount. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, any determination made under this section shall be made in good faith by the Accountants in a timely manner and shall be binding on the parties absent manifest error. In the event of a reduction of Payments pursuant to this section, the Payments shall be reduced in the order determined by the Accountants that results in the greatest economic benefit to you in a manner that would not result in subjecting you to additional tax under Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of making the calculations required by this section, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of the Code, and other applicable legal authority. The Accountants shall provide detailed supporting calculations to both you and the Company and the Company shall bear the cost of all fees charged by the Accountants in connection with any calculations contemplated by this section. If the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code are repealed without succession or if the Company determines that such provisions do not apply to it and/or you for whatever reason, this section shall be of no further force or effect. If you are in agreement with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, please execute and date the Agreement and return a copy to me. 

Sincerely, ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. By: /s/ Susan E. Docherty Susan Docherty, Chief Executive Officer 
 Accepted and agreed to: 

/s/ Michael Bridge 2/10/2023 Michael Bridge Date 

Exhibit A Agreement Definitions Cause to terminate your employment shall exist if either the Parent or the Company (collectively, the Company reasonably determines after due inquiry that any one or more of the following has occurred: (i) your commission or conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony; (ii) your material breach of this Agreement, any other agreement you have entered into with the Company which is not cured, if curable, within 10 days following the Company s written notice to you of such breach; (iii) any breach of fiduciary duty you have to the Company or any misconduct that is materially injurious to the Company or a violation of the Company s harassment or discrimination policies; (iv) your habitual drug or alcohol use which materially impairs your ability to perform your duties for the Company; (v) your engaging in fraud, embezzlement or any other illegal conduct that is materially injurious to the Company or any of its affiliates; (vi) deliberate or intentional refusal, or habitual failure to discharge your employment duties, responsibilities or obligations or to follow the Company s policies or procedures which is not cured, if curable, within 10 days following the Company s written notice to you of such behavior; or (vii) your engaging in any illegal, unethical or immoral act (inside or outside of the scope of your employment) that results in material reputational or financial harm to the Company or any of its affiliates. Change of Control shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Equity Plan. Disability means you are unable to perform your duties under this Agreement for 90 consecutive days in any 12-month period. Good Reason means: (i) a material diminution of your Base Salary; (ii) a material diminution of your authorities, duties or responsibilities; (iii) any action or inaction that constitutes a material breach of this Agreement by the Company; or (iv) material change in the geographic location at which you are required to provide services. For a termination to constitute Good Reason for purposes of this Agreement: (1) you must provide a notice of termination to the Company within 30 days of the initial existence of the facts or circumstances constituting such event; (2) the Company must fail to cure such facts or circumstances within 30 days after receipt of such notice; and (3) you must actually terminate your employment within 30 days after the expiration of the cure period described in clause (2). 

Exhibit B Employee Restrictive Covenants In consideration for ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. and ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC (collectively, the Company agreement to employ me and provide me with the compensation and benefits described in the attached Agreement and access to the Company s Confidential Information (as defined below) and trade secrets, I understand, acknowledge and agree, beginning as of the Start Date (as defined in the attached Agreement), as follows: Restrictive Covenants: Non-Solicitation of Customers/Prospective Customers . You agree, for the duration of the Time Limit (as defined below), that you will not, either directly or indirectly, or in any individual or representative capacity, request or solicit any of the Company s current customers or clients with whom you have had contact in the past year to withdraw, curtail, cancel, or decrease the level of their business with the Company or request that they do business with any third party in competition with the Company. You further agree that, for the duration of the Time Limit, you will not, either directly or indirectly, or in any individual or representative capacity, request or solicit any of the Company s prospective customers (defined as any person or entity who has been directly solicited to become a customer or client by the Company and with whom you have had contact with within the past year or possesses Confidential Information about) or clients with whom you have had contact with in the past year or possesses Confidential Information about to forgo doing business with the Company or request that such prospective customer or client do business with any third party in competition with the Company. Non-Solicitation of Employees/Applicants . You agree, for the duration of the Time Limit, that you will not, either directly or indirectly, or in any individual or representative capacity, solicit, induce or encourage or attempt to solicit, induce or encourage any Company employee and/or applicant to terminate his/her employment or prospective employment with the Company. Non-Competition . You agree, for the duration of the Time Limit, (as defined below), that you will not, either directly or indirectly or in any individual or representative capacity, be employed by, engage, own, manage, operate, control, aid, or assist another in the operation, organization or promotion of, participate in, advise, contract with or otherwise engage in any manner with the ownership, management, operation, or control of any business, which has a place of business or regularly conducts business in the Geographical Limit (as defined below) and that promotes or sells products or services competitive with those of the Company. You acknowledge and agree that a business will be deemed competitive with the Company if it performs any of the services or produces, distributes or sells any of the products or services provided or offered by the Company during the term of your relationship with the Company. Tolling . The non-competition and non-solicitation Time Limits set forth above shall be tolled during any period in which you are in breach of the restrictions set forth herein. Reasonable Limitations . You hereby acknowledge and agree that the covenants and obligations made and undertaken in this Agreement are fair and reasonable with respect to duration, geographic area and scope of activity, and do not (and shall not) prevent you from earning a livelihood in complying with the covenants herein. Injunctive Relief. You agree that a breach of the covenants described herein will result in substantial and irreparable damages to the Company, which would be difficult to fully ascertain and calculate, and, by reason of such fact, you agree that, in the event of any such breach or threatened or anticipated breach, the Company will have the right to a restraining order and injunction, both temporary and permanent, enjoining and restraining any such breach or threatened breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting a bond. Such injunctive relief will be in addition to any other remedies available to the Company at law or in equity. 

Survival of Restrictive Covenants . Your acknowledgements and agreements set forth in this Agreement shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and the termination of your employment with the Company for any reason. Notice to Future Employers: You agree that you will notify, and the Company shall have the right to notify, any future or prospective employers, or individuals or entities with whom you may be entering into a contractual relationship, of the Restrictive Covenant provisions of this Agreement for purposes of ensuring that the Company s interests are protected. Company Proprietary Information: While you are providing services to the Company, the Company may disclose or make available to you, Confidential Information. By signing this Agreement, you agree to: (i) protect and safeguard the confidentiality of the Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care as you would protect your own confidential information, but in no event with less than a commercially reasonable degree of care; and (ii) not use or disclose the Confidential Information, or permit it to be accessed, used or disclosed, for any purpose other than to carry out the duties assigned to you by the Company or as may be required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable federal, state or local law, regulation or a valid order issued by a court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction. Upon your termination of service for any reason, or upon the Company s written request, you shall promptly return to the Company all copies, whether in written, electronic or other form or media, of the Confidential Information, or destroy all such copies at the Company s written request and certify in writing to the Company that such Confidential Information has been destroyed. In addition to all other remedies available at law, the Company may seek equitable relief (including injunctive relief) against you to prevent the breach or threatened breach of this confidentiality covenant and to secure its enforcement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (a) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. If you file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, you may disclose the Company s trade secrets to your attorney and use the trade secret in the court proceeding, if you file any document containing the trade secret under seal and do not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. In addition to the obligations above, we may ask that you also sign the Company s standard Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement. Definitions: For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: Confidential Information means non-public information about the Company s business affairs, products, services, confidential intellectual property, trade secrets, third-party confidential information and other sensitive or proprietary information, whether orally or in written, electronic or other form or media, and whether or not marked, designated or otherwise identified as confidential. Confidential Information shall not include information that, at the time of disclosure and as established by documentary evidence: (i) is or becomes generally available to and known by the public other than as a result of, directly or indirectly, any breach of this Agreement by you; (ii) is or becomes available to you on a non-confidential basis from a third-party source, provided that such third-party is not and was not prohibited from disclosing such Confidential Information; (iii) was known by or in the possession of you prior to being disclosed by or on behalf of the Company; or (iv) was or is independently developed by you without reference to or use, in whole or in part, of any of the Confidential Information. Geographical Limit means the United States of America; if a court determines that the United States of America is too broad, then the state of Arizona; if a court determines that Arizona is too broad, then Maricopa and Pima County; if a court determines that Maricopa and Pima County is too broad, then Maricopa County only; if a court determines that Maricopa County is too broad, then the greater-Phoenix area, Arizona. 

Time Limit means the term of your employment with the Company and for a period of 12 months thereafter; if a court determines that 12 months is longer than necessary to protect the Company s legitimate interests, then 9 months; if a court determines 9 months is longer than necessary to protect the Company s legitimate interests, then 6 months. Miscellaneous: This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to conflicts of law principles. If any term or provision of this Agreement is declared by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and either: (i) the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable; or (ii) if such a modification is not possible, this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such invalid or unenforceable provision were not a part hereof. Each party acknowledges that such party had the opportunity to be represented by counsel in the negotiation and execution of this Agreement. Accordingly, the rule of construction of contract language against the drafting party is hereby waived by each party. The dispute resolution provisions of the Offer Letter attached hereto are incorporated by reference and by signing below you acknowledge and agree that any dispute arising under this Agreement will be resolved in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Offer Letter. Accepted and agreed to: /s/ Michael Bridge 2/10/2023 Michael Bridge Date 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-21.1>
 9
 solo-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES Subsidiaries 1. Intermeccanica International Inc., a British Columbia, Canada, corporation; 2. EMV Automotive USA Inc., a Nevada corporation; 3. SOLO EV LLC, a Michigan corporation; and 4. ElectraMeccanica USA, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company; and 5. EMV Automotive Technology (Chongqing) Inc., a PRC corporation. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 10
 solo-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 KPMG LLP PO Box 10426 777 Dunsmuir Street Vancouver BC V7Y 1K3 Canada Telephone (604) 691-3000 Fax (604) 691-3031 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (No. 333-229562 and No. 333-257292) on Form F-3 and (No. 333-249321) on Form S-8 of our report dated April 17, 2023 on the consolidated financial statements of ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. (the Entity which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively the consolidated financial statements which appears in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Entity for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ KPMG LLP Chartered Professional Accountants April 17, 2023 Vancouver, Canada 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 solo-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Susan E. Docherty, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report of ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this Annual Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023. 

By: /s/ Susan E. Docherty Susan E. Docherty Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Operating Officer and a director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 solo-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Mark Orsmond, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report of ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this Annual Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023. 

By: /s/ Mark Orsmond Mark Orsmond Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 solo-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned, Susan E. Docherty, the Chief Executive Officer of ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. (the Company ), and Mark Orsmond, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to her or his knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: April 17, 2023. 

/s/ Susan E. Docherty Susan E. Docherty Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Operating Officer and a Director /s/ Mark Orsmond Mark Orsmond Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.2>
 14
 solo-20221231xex99d2.htm
 EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 
 ELECTRAMECCANICA VEHICLES CORP. (the Corporation Audit Committee Charter Purpose and Policy The purpose of the Corporation s Audit Committee (the Audit Committee shall be to assist the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to (i) the corporate accounting and financial reporting processes as well as the quality and integrity of the financial statements of the Corporation, (ii) the independent registered public accounting firm s (the independent auditor qualifications and independence, (iii) the performance of the Corporation s internal financial controls and audit function and the performance of the independent auditor and (iv) the compliance by the Corporation with legal and regulatory requirements and ethical compliance programs as established by management and the Board of Directors. The policy of the Audit Committee, in discharging these obligations, shall be to maintain and foster an open avenue of communication among the Audit Committee, the independent auditor and the Corporation s financial management. Committee Membership The Audit Committee shall consist of at least three members of the Board of Directors (the Members ). All of the Members of the Audit Committee shall meet the applicable independence and experience requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and applicable laws, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, the independence requirements of Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules (the Listing Rules and the independence standards set forth under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the United States Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (subject to the exemptions provided in Rule 10A-3(c) under the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Listing Rules permit a director who is not independent pursuant to such rules to be a member of the Audit Committee for exceptional and limited circumstances pursuant to Listing Rule 5605(a)(2)(B). The Members and Chairperson of the Audit Committee shall be appointed and may be removed by the Board of Directors. Each Member of the Audit Committee shall be able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including the Corporation s balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement. At least one of the Members of the Audit Committee shall be a financial expert pursuant to the requirements of Item 407(d)(5)(ii) and (iii) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act and financially sophisticated pursuant to the requirements of Listing Rule 5605(c)(2)(A), including 

- 2 - 
 being or having been a chief executive, chief financial officer or other senior officer with financial oversight responsibilities. Each Member must not have participated in the preparation of the financial statements of the Corporation or any current subsidiary of the Corporation at any time during the past three years. Meetings and Participation The Audit Committee shall meet at least once per quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate. Any Member of the Audit Committee or the independent auditor may call a meeting of the Audit Committee. The Corporation s independent auditor shall be provided notice of all meetings of the Audit Committee and be entitled to attend and be heard thereat. Meeting agendas will be prepared and provided in advance to Members, along with appropriate briefing materials. The agenda will be set by the Audit Committee Chair in consultation with other Members of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors and senior management of the Corporation. No business may be transacted by the Audit Committee except at a meeting of its Members at which a quorum of the Audit Committee is present. A quorum for meetings of the Audit Committee is a majority of its Members. The Audit Committee shall keep minutes of its meetings in which shall be recorded all action taken by it, which minutes shall be approved by Audit Committee Members and available as soon as possible to the Board of Directors. External Advisors and Authority The Audit Committee has the authority to engage independent counsel and other advisors as it determines necessary to carry out its duties and to set and pay the compensation for any advisors employed by the Audit Committee at the cost of the Corporation without obtaining approval of the Board of Directors, based on its sole judgment and discretion. The Audit Committee has the authority to communicate directly with the internal and external auditors of the Corporation. Funding The Corporation shall provide appropriate funding, as determined by the Audit Committee, for payment of (i) compensation to the Corporation s independent auditor as well as any other accounting firm engaged to perform audit, review or attest services for the Corporation, (ii) any independent counsel or other adviser retained by the Audit Committee and (iii) ordinary administrative expenses of the Audit Committee that are necessary or appropriate in carrying out its duties. The Audit Committee shall promptly report to the Board of Directors its engagement of any advisor, including the scope and terms of such engagement. 

- 3 - 
 Duties, Powers, and Responsibilities The Audit Committee shall oversee the Corporation s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors, and shall have direct responsibility for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the independent auditor and any other registered public accounting firm engaged for the purpose of performing other review or attest services for the Corporation. The independent auditor and each such other registered public accounting firm shall report directly and be accountable to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s functions and procedures should remain flexible to address most effectively changing circumstances. To implement the Audit Committee s purpose and policy, the Audit Committee is hereby delegated the following duties and powers, without limiting these duties and powers, the Audit Committee shall: Financial Reporting 1. Meet as often as it determines, but not less frequently than as required by the SEC, the Listing Rules or other applicable rule or regulation. 2. Be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the Corporation s independent auditor and the independent auditor shall report directly to the Audit Committee. 3. Ensure receipt of an annual formal written statement from the Corporation s independent auditor delineating all relationships between the independent auditor and the Corporation and discuss with the independent auditor any such relationships that may impact the objectivity and independence of the independent auditor; and take appropriate action to oversee the independence of the independent auditor. 4. Review external and internal audit reports of the Corporation. 5. Consult with the independent auditor, senior management, the internal auditing staff of the Corporation and such other advisers as the Audit Committee may deem necessary regarding their evaluation of the adequacy of the Corporation s internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures (as such terms are defined by the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC), and make specific recommendations to the Board of Directors in connection therewith. 6. Review recommendations made by the independent auditor and the internal auditing staff of the Corporation, report to the Board of Directors with respect thereto and with respect to external and internal audit reports of the Corporation, and take any necessary actions in connection therewith. 7. Obtain and review annually, prior to the filing of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K, a report from the independent auditor describing (i) all critical accounting policies 

- 4 - 
 and practices used or to be used in the annual audit of the Corporation s year-end financial statements (the Annual Audit ), (ii) all alternative treatments within generally accepted accounting principles for policies and practices related to material items that have been discussed with management, including ramifications of the use of such alternative disclosures and treatments, and the treatment preferred by the independent auditor, and (iii) other material written communications between the independent auditor and management, such as any management letter or schedule of unadjusted differences, and discuss with the independent auditors any material issues raised in such report. 8. Review and discuss with the independent auditor and management the Corporation s annual audited financial statements (including the MD A) and recommend to the Board of Directors the inclusion of the Corporation s audited financial statements in its Form 10-K. 9. Review and discuss with the independent auditor and management the Corporation s quarterly unaudited financial statements prior to the publication of the Corporation s earnings release and prior to the inclusion of such financial statements (including the MD A) in the Corporation s Form 10-Q. 10. Prior to the filing of each Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, be available to discuss with the independent auditor the matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, as amended (including any successor rule adopted by the PCAOB), and other matters that should be communicated to the Audit Committee under the professional standards of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 11. Be responsible for the review and oversight of all related-party transactions, as such term is defined by the Listing Rules which refers to transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 12. Establish procedures for (i) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Corporation regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the Corporation of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters, and review periodically with management these procedures and, if appropriate, any significant complaints received, to the extent required by the Exchange Act, the rules of the SEC promulgated thereunder, or the Listing Rules. 13. Prepare a report to shareholders as required by the SEC s rules and regulations and the Listing Rules. 14. Review legal and regulatory matters that may have a material impact on the financial statements. 15. Understand how management develops interim financial information and the nature and extent of external audit involvement. 

- 5 - 
 16. In review of the annual and quarterly financial statements, discuss the quality of the Corporation s accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments and the clarity of the disclosures in the financial statements. 17. Review and approve any earnings guidance to be provided by the Corporation. Internal and Disclosure Controls 18. Consider the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal controls over financial reporting and related information technology security and control. 19. Review and approve corporate signing authorities and modifications thereto. 20. Review with the independent auditor any issues or concerns related to any internal control systems in the process of the audit. 21. Review the plan and scope of the Annual Audit with respect to planned reliance and testing of controls and major points contained in the independent auditor s management letter resulting from control evaluation and testing. 22. Establish and maintain complaint procedures regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. Such procedures are appended hereto as Appendix A. 23. Review with management, external independent accountants and legal counsel any material litigation claims or other contingencies, including tax assessments, and adequacy of financial provisions, that could materially affect financial reporting. 24. Review with the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures, including any significant deficiencies in, or material non-compliance with, such controls and procedures. External Audit 25. Oversee the work of the independent auditor engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an auditor s report or performing such other audit, review or attest services for the Corporation, including the resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting. 26. Be responsible for the pre-approval of all audit services and permissible non-audit services to be provided to the Corporation by the independent auditor, subject to any exceptions provided in the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 27. Annually review the independence of the independent auditor by receiving a report from the independent auditor detailing all relationships between them and the Corporation. 

- 6 - 
 28. Discuss with the independent auditor the results of the audit, any changes in accounting policies or practices and their impact on the financials, as well as any items that might significantly impact financial results. 29. Receive a report from the independent auditor on critical accounting policies and practices to be used, all alternative treatments of financial information within U.S. GAAP that have been discussed with management, including the ramifications of the use of such alternative treatments, and the treatment preferred by the independent auditor. 30. Receive an annual report from the independent auditor describing the audit firm s internal quality-control procedures, and material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years, respecting one or more audits carried out the firm, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues. 31. Assure the regular rotation of the lead audit partner and the concurring partner every five years (with a five year time-out period after rotation), and the regular rotation of other audit partners engaged in the annual audit every seven years (with a two year time-out period after rotation), or as otherwise required by law or the Listing Rules. 32. Evaluate the performance of the independent auditor and the lead partner annually. 33. Recommend to the Board of Directors (i) the independent auditor to be nominated for the purpose of preparing or issuing an auditor s report or performing other audit, review or attest services for the Corporation and (ii) the compensation of the independent auditor. 34. Separately meet with the independent auditor, apart from management, at least once a year. Non-Audit Services 35. Pre-approve all non-audit services to be provided to the Corporation or its subsidiary entities by the independent auditor. Pre-approval may be granted by any one Member of the Audit Committee. Risk Management 36. Review and monitor the processes in place to identify and manage the principal risks that could impact the financial reporting of the Corporation. 37. Ensure that directors and officers liability insurance is in place. 38. Review and approve corporate investment policies. 39. Assess, as part of its internal controls responsibility, the effectiveness of the over-all process for identifying principal business risks and report thereon to the Board of Directors. 

- 7 - 
 Other Responsibilities and Matters 40. Report through its Chairperson to the Board of Directors following meetings of the Audit Committee. 41. Review annually the adequacy of this Charter and confirm that all responsibilities have been carried out. 42. Evaluate the Audit Committee s and individual Member s performance on a regular basis and report annually to the Board of Directors of Directors the result of its annual self-assessment. 43. Review and approve the Corporation s hiring policies regarding partners, employees and former partners and employees of the present and former external independent public accountants of the Corporation. 44. Discuss the Corporation s compliance with tax and financial reporting laws and regulation, if and when issues arise. 45. Review periodically the Corporation s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Corporation s program to monitor compliance therewith. 46. Review and reassess the adequacy of this Charter on an annual basis in accordance with applicable SEC and Listing Rule audit committee requirements. 47. Review and evaluate at least annually its own performance and effectiveness. 48. Be satisfied as to the adequacy of procedures in place for the review of the Corporation s public disclosure of financial information extracted or derived from annual or quarterly financial statements and periodically assess the adequacy of such procedures. 49. Perform such other duties as the Board of Directors shall from time to time assign to the Audit Committee. Investigating and Studies The Audit Committee may conduct or authorize investigations into or studies of matters within the Audit Committee s scope of responsibilities as described above, and shall have the authority to retain, at the expense of the Corporation, independent counsel or other consultants necessary to assist in any such investigation or study. Limitations While the Audit Committee has the functions set forth in this Charter, it is not the duty of the Audit Committee to plan or conduct audits or to determine that the Corporation s financial statements are complete and accurate or are in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The 

- 8 - 
 Corporation s management is principally responsible for Corporation accounting policies, the preparation of the financial statements and ensuring that the financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Corporation s independent auditor is responsible for auditing the Corporation s financial statements. 

Appendix A To Audit Committee Charter Procedures for the Submission of Complaints or Concerns Regarding Accounting, Internal Accounting Controls or Auditing Matters 1. The Corporation shall forward to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors any complaints that it has received regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters. 2. Any employee of the Corporation may submit, on a confidential, anonymous basis if the employee so desires, any concerns by sending such concerns in writing and forwarding them in a sealed envelope to: Attention: Chair of the Audit Committee ElectraMeccanica Vehicles Corp. 8127 East Ray Road, Mesa, Arizona, U.S.A., 85212 The envelope is to be clearly marked, To be opened by the Audit Committee only. Any such envelopes shall be forwarded promptly to the Chair of the Audit Committee. 3. Contact information including a phone number and e-mail address shall be published for the Chairperson of the Audit Committee on the Corporation s website for those people wishing to contact the Chairperson directly. 4. At each of its meetings following the receipt of any information pursuant to this Appendix, the Audit Committee shall review and consider any such complaints or concerns and take any action that it deems appropriate in the circumstances. 5. The Audit Committee shall retain any such complaints or concerns along with the material gathered to support its actions for a period of no less than seven years. Such records will be held on behalf of the Audit Committee by the Audit Committee Secretary. 6. This Appendix A shall appear on the Corporation s website as part of this Charter. 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-99.6>
 15
 solo-20221231xex99d6.htm
 EX-99.6

Exhibit 99.6 
 ELECTRAMECCANICA VEHICLES CORP. (the Corporation FINANCE COMMITTEE CHARTER Finance Committee Composition and Meetings The Finance Committee (the Committee is a committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board that shall consist of at least three members of the Board, all of whom in the judgment of the Board shall be independent in accordance with the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and the Corporation s corporate governance policies. The members of the Committee and the Chairman of the Committee shall be appointed by the Board. The Board may remove or replace any Committee member at any time with or without cause. The Corporation s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may make recommendations to the Board on all such matters regarding membership, removal and replacement for this Committee. The Committee shall meet at least two times annually, or more frequently as circumstances dictate. The Chairman of the Committee shall be responsible for the leadership of the Committee, including preparing agendas (in consultation with other members), presiding over meetings and reporting for the Committee to the Board. Meetings may be called by the Chairman of the Committee, the Chairman of the Board, the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the Committee. The Committee shall operate pursuant to the Articles of the Corporation, including Articles governing notice of meetings and waivers of notice, the number of Committee members required to take actions at meetings and by unanimous written consent, and other related matters. The Committee shall maintain minutes of its meetings. Purpose The primary purpose of the Committee is to ensure that the Corporation has a capital structure, including financing strategy and financial policies, that is efficiently optimized to maximize returns to shareholders at an acceptable risk threshold. The capitalization of the Corporation should not unduly burden the enterprise with excessive financial leverage that could impair long-term viability and operating flexibility. Further, the Committee should ensure that the Board and management engage in rigorous discipline around the deployment of cash, with the central goal of maximizing absolute shareholder value creation and long-term risk-adjusted return on invested capital. The Committee is not responsible for financial reporting, which is the responsibility of the Audit Committee of the Board. 

- 2 - 
 Duties and Responsibilities The Committee is responsible for: (a) reviewing annually and, as appropriate, recommending to the Board for adoption, the financial policies and performance objectives developed by management pertaining to the Corporation s: (i) cash flow, capital spending and financing requirements; (ii) cash and debt balances, other key credit metrics and credit ratings; (iii) dividend policy; (iv) investment criteria, including capital investment hurdle rates; and (v) financial risk management strategies, including hedging and the use of derivatives; (b) reviewing significant changes to the Corporation s capital structure, financial arrangements, capital spending and acquisition and disposition plans, and making recommendations as needed to the Board regarding the financial structure, financial condition and financial strategy of the Corporation, including: (i) timing and maturities of debt, terms and interest rates of individual issues; (ii) sales of equity securities (including, for greater certainty, preferred shares whether convertible into common shares or not, and debt securities convertible into common shares), repurchases or splits, and any changes in dividends; (iii) proposed mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and strategic investments and, as appropriate, recommending their adoption to the Board; (iv) any material diversification of the Corporation s business; and (v) authorization for any material prepayment, redemption or repurchase of debt for the purpose of satisfying sinking fund obligations; (c) reviewing the Corporation s proposed annual consolidated budget, recommending such budget to the full Board for approval and periodically reviewing the Corporation s performance against such budget as reasonably required or requested by the Board; 

- 3 - 
 (d) reviewing the Corporation s material banking relationships and lines of credit; (e) reviewing the Corporation s overall real estate strategy, if any, including significant leasing arrangements and potential impairment issues; (f) reviewing for adequacy the insurance coverage on the Corporation s assets; (g) reviewing tax strategies and potential tax law changes expected to have a material impact on the Corporation s financial results; (h) reviewing, to the extent material, the financial impact to the Corporation of existing and proposed compensation and employee benefit programs; (i) periodically assessing the effectiveness of the Corporation s investor relations program and its interaction with the research analyst community; and (j) risk oversight, including responsibility for discussing with management and reporting to the Board the risk management issues relating to the matters overseen by the Committee. The Committee will discuss and report to the Board the Corporation s major financial risk exposures and management s monitoring, mitigation activities and policies in connection with financial risk, including: (i) capital structure; (ii) investment portfolio, including employee benefit plan investments; (iii) financing arrangements, credit and liquidity; (iv) proposed major transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations and divestitures; (v) share repurchase programs; (vi) hedging or use of derivatives; (vii) commodity risk management; (viii) cash investment; (ix) liquidity management; (x) short-term borrowing programs; (xi) interest rate risk; 

- 4 - 
 (xii) foreign exchange risk; (xiii) off balance sheet arrangements, if any; (xiv) proposed material financially-related amendments to the Corporation s indentures, bank borrowings and other instruments; and (xv) reputational risk to the extent such risk arises from the topics under consideration. Other Duties The Committee will: (a) annually evaluate the performance of the Committee, including as compared to the requirements of this Charter, and reviewing this Charter at least annually and recommending any proposed changes to this Charter to the Board for approval; (b) form and delegate authority to subcommittees if determined by the Committee to be necessary or advisable, provided that any subcommittee shall consist of at least two members and shall report any actions taken by it to the whole Committee; and (c) undertake such additional activities within the scope of its primary functions as the Committee or the Chairman of the Board may from time to time determine. To assist and advise the Committee in connection with its responsibilities, the Committee shall have access to the Corporation s internal staff and may hire independent experts, lawyers and other consultants. The Committee shall have the sole authority to approve any such firm s fees and other retention terms. The Committee shall keep the Chairman of the Board advised as to the general range of anticipated expenses. Compliance Contacts If you have any questions respecting this Charter please contact the Corporation s Chief Administrative Officer. 

</EX-99.6>

<EX-101.SCH>
 30
 solo-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 31
 solo-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 32
 solo-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 33
 solo-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 34
 solo-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

