<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230413_10-K_edgar_data_1857855_0001493152-23-012139.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4533990</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>530484</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>811861</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1334525</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>792062</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>955169</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012139.hdr.sgml : 20230413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230413161540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012139
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230413

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Finnovate Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001857855
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981592968
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41012
		FILM NUMBER:		23818530

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1007 N ORANGE ST. 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972 54 463 8585

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1007 N ORANGE ST. 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Finnovate Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012139.txt : 20230413

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 (Commission 
 File
 Number) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 

 , 1 1208 , 

 Cayman
Islands 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

+1

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Not
Applicable 

 (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed
by reference to the closing sales price for the ordinary shares, as reported on the Nasdaq, was (based on the closing sales
price of the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 of 9.94). 

As
of March 20, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: . 

FINNOVATE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 4 
 
 PART I 
 
 5 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 18 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 47 
 
 Item 2. Property 
 
 47 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 47 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 47 
 
 PART II 
 
 48 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 48 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 49 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 49 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 54 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 54 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 54 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 54 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 55 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 55 
 
 PART III 
 
 56 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 56 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 63 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 63 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 66 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 69 
 
 PART IV 
 
 69 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 69 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 70 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 71 

2 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), references to: 

we, 
 us, our, company or our company are to Finnovate Acquisition Corp., a Cayman
 Islands exempted company; 

amended
 and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
 ; 

Class
 A ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class
 B ordinary shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Companies
 Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

directors 
 are to our current directors and director nominees; 

EarlyBirdCapital 
 are to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering; 

EBC
 founder shares are to the 150,000 Class A ordinary shares that we have issued to EarlyBirdCapital and its designees in a private
 placement prior to our initial public offering; 

equity-linked
 securities are to any securities of our company that are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, Class A ordinary
 shares of our company; 

founders
 shares are to our 4,312,500 Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our
 initial public (of which 75,000 shares were transferred to our independent directors) and the Class A ordinary shares that will be
 issued upon the automatic conversion of the founders shares at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of
 doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial
 shareholders are to our sponsor, and other holders (if any) of our founders shares prior to our initial public offering; 

letter
 agreement refers to the letter agreement entered into between us and our initial shareholders, directors and officers on November
 8, 2021, which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report; 

management 
 or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

private
 warrants are to the warrants which were issued and sold to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital in a private placement which occurred
 simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering (including warrants that were issued as a result of the over-allotment
 option being exercised in full), as well as any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans; 

public
 shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor,
 officers or directors purchase public shares, provided their status as a public shareholder shall only exist with respect
 to such public shares; 

public
 shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased
 in our initial public offering or hereafter in the open market); 

public
 units are to the units (consisting of public shares and warrants) which were sold in our initial public offering; 

sponsor 
 is to Finnovate Sponsor L.P., a Delaware limited partnership; 

trust
 account is the U.S.-based trust account at Goldman Sachs Co. which is maintained by Continental Stock Transfer 
 Trust Company acting as trustee trust into which the proceeds of our initial public offering were placed ; 

warrants 
 are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the public units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our
 initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and the private warrants; 

working
 capital loans are working capital loans that may be provided to us by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or certain
 of our officers and directors, up to 1,500,000 of which may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant, at the
 option of the lender; and 

, 
 US and U.S. dollar each refer to the United States dollar. 

3 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
statements contained in this Annual Report are forward-looking in nature. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future.
In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predict, project, should, would 
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination, including with a technology-based business that is domiciled or centered in
 Israel, that carries out all or a substantial portion of its activities in Israel, or that have some other significant Israeli connection; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses in Israel; 

risks
 associated with acquiring a financial-technology-oriented business in Israel; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 current financial performance or following our initial business combination. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

4 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

General 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on March 15, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with
one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination. We have generated
no revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues at the earliest until we consummate our initial business
combination. To date, we have not selected any specific business combination target. 

We
may pursue a business combination target in any business or industry and across any geographical region, including technology-based businesses
that are domiciled in Israel, that carry out all or a substantial portion of their activities in Israel, or that have some other significant
Israeli connection, whether Israeli-developed technology, Israeli headquarters, substantial Israeli operations and/or historical Israeli
roots. 

Industry
Opportunity 

We
believe that current trends in the high technology, innovation and complex manufacturing sectors in Israel provide very attractive acquisition
opportunities which are consistent with our acquisition strategy. The growing Israeli ecosystem includes companies at development stages
spanning from the startup phase to a greater degree of maturity in the scale-up business phase. The following factors contribute to our
belief that we can leverage the unique talents of our management team, our sponsor and their respective affiliates to identify and complete
an acquisition consistent with our investment criteria and acquisition strategy. 

Highly
successful Israeli high-tech market . Often referred to as the Start-Up Nation, Israel has become one of the most concentrated
geographic centers for technological innovation. Although it has a population of just over 9.6 million people, Israel had a gross domestic
product, or GDP, of approximately 401.9 billion in 2020 (according to the World Bank). Israel s GDP grew by 8.6 in 2021 and by
6.5 in 2022. (However, the recent slowdown in the financial markets is expected to impact 2023, as the Bank of Israel s January
2023 forecast for GDP growth in 2023 was only of 2.8 .) In recent years Israel has been one of the most successful countries in developing
technology and advanced manufacturing processes driven by technology. Under the OECD R D Intensity Index (which measures investment
in research and development, or R D, as a ratio of GDP), Israel ranks first in the world, with its national spending on R D at
5.4 of its GDP (as of 2020), according to the February 2021 publication of the OECD Directorate for Science, Technology and Innovation.
According to the 2022 annual report of the Israel Innovation Authority (the IIA 2022 annual report and the IIA 
respectively) and according to the IIA s 2021 Innovation Report, over 4,500 Israeli high-tech companies have reached the growth
stage or revenue stage in 2020 and 2021. In addition, Israeli technology companies exports have also risen
consistently and reached 54 of total Israeli exports in 2021. Approximately 15 of Israel s GDP is derived from technology companies. 

Dynamic,
adapting Israeli innovation ecosystem. Israeli entrepreneurs have continuously positioned themselves as global leaders in a variety
of fields, repeatedly being able to identify the emergence of new trends and segments early on, maintaining Israel s position at
the forefront of global innovation. For example, beginning in 2020, Israel s innovation ecosystem produced hundreds of solutions
addressing the unique challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic. These solutions included, among others, cyber-defense products designed to
identify and thwart attacks in times of increased virtual presence and remote working environments, remote farm management systems and
helping the elderly shelter under stay-at-home orders. The key sectors in which Israeli entrepreneurs have continued to position themselves
as global leaders in 2022 were cyber security and defense, fintech, food-tech and agro-tech, automotive and the Internet of Things .
These sectors are at the cutting edge of global innovation and have been promoted by the Israeli government through various government
initiatives. 

Maturing
Israeli high-tech landscape. We believe that a growing number of companies within the Israeli innovation ecosystem would benefit
from access to the capital markets, specifically through going public transactions. Over the last decade, the scale-up
of existing companies has been a sustained trend in the Israeli high-tech industry, replacing the establishment of new start-up companies
as the main driver of growth. We believe the maturity of companies in the Israeli high-tech ecosystem is evidenced by their ability to
attract larger investments and retain capital in sectors such as cyber security, defense and fintech, trends which continued throughout
2022 despite the slowdown in the financial markets. 

According
to reports published by Israeli financial press, Israeli startups raised a record 25.6 billion in 2021. In 2022, despite the slowdown
in the global tech industry, Israeli tech companies raised an estimate 15.5 billion. 

According
to the 2022 Annual Report of the IVC Research Center IVC 2022 Report ), approximately 15 billion was invested in 663 Israeli
high tech deals in 2022 (representing a decrease of almost 38 from the total investment in 2021). According to the IVC 2022 Report,
there were 20 deals of over 100 million each (compared to 77 such deals in 2021). These 100 million plus deals totaled 6 billion 
approximately 40 of the total capital raised in 2022. During 2022, fintech companies captured 75 of such deals (compared to 120 deals
of similar size in 2021), making it the largest sector after cybersecurity in terms of total amount invested in Israeli high tech. Of
the amount raised in 2022, 10.91 billion were from foreign investors, which represented 74.4 of total capital invested. Despite a slowdown
in 2022, we continue to believe these investments are indicative of a pipeline of potential companies that have reached, or will reach
shortly, the level of maturity that will enable them to turn to the capital markets as a viable next step in their lifecycle. 

5 

Attributes
of the Israeli high-tech ecosystem that have contributed to its enhanced position include: 

Highly
innovative According to the State of Innovation report as published in April 2019 by PwC and Start-Up Nation Central, there
are more than 6,600 start-up companies in Israel, which is 14 times the concentration of start-ups per capita in Europe. Israel ranks
seventh in the world overall on the Bloomberg 2021 Innovation Index and first in the R D Intensity category, fifth in the High-Tech
Density category and eighth in the Patent Activity category. This community of entrepreneurs, from a country with approximately 0.1 
of the world s population, attracts the second highest rate of venture capital funding per capita in the world 506 per capita
in the first half of 2022 according to a report by Pitchbook). 

Educated
and skilled workforce According to 2022 OECD data, Israel is the fifth most educated country in the world behind only Japan,
Canada, Luxemburg and South Korea, but ahead of the United States and the United Kingdom. Israel has a very high percentage of engineers
and scientists per capita and a very high ratio of university degrees and academic publications per capita, and ranks first in the world
in the Researcher Concentration category in the Bloomberg 2021 Innovation Index. Israel has a high quality educational system and is
among the most educated societies in the world, having been ranked 22 th overall in the 2021 Education Index included in the
United Nations Development Programme s 2021/2022 Human Development Report. 

Tax
Incentives The Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments, 5719-1959, or the Investment Law, enables companies
operating in Israel to benefit from a reduced company tax rate and investment grants, if certain conditions are met. Another incentive
program offered by the government provides employment grants for R D centers and large enterprises operating in Israel covering on
average 25 of the employer s cost of salaries for each new employee over a four-year period. 

R D
Development hub for most of the world leading companies As an entrepreneurial powerhouse and a hotbed for skilled labor, many
of the world s leading multinational companies have chosen Israel to set up major R D and innovation centers. Microsoft, Google,
Apple (three R D centers), Amazon, Facebook, Ebay, SAP, IBM, Motorola, Berkshire-Hathaway, Intel, HP, Siemens, GE, GM, VW, Philips,
Cisco, Applied Materials, J J, EMC and Toshiba are just some of the more than 200 multinational corporations which are benefiting
from a stream of acquisition and expansion opportunities in Israel. Such high concentration of many of the world s most innovative
companies in a small geographic space creates a professional ecosystem that enjoys a spillover effect creating wave after
wave of startups led by experienced professionals brought up in strong and disciplined corporate cultures. 

Government
support The Israeli government founded the Technology Incubator Program in 1991. According to a report issued by Deloitte s
Israeli affiliate, in 2016 there were over 25 technological and biotechnological incubators across the country, all of which have subsequently
been privatized. The incubators offer government funding of up to 85 of early-stage project costs for two years. So far, more than 1,100
projects have graduated from the incubators, with over 45 successfully attracting additional investments from other investors. In 2019,
the IIA announced a streamlining of its investment and support programs to help nurture companies from seed to early stage, thus minimizing
the risk to the investor and helping the projects develop into more complete technology companies. In addition, the IIA has an International
Collaboration Division bringing funding and support from the European Union to Israeli companies through international cooperation and
incentive programs as well as a groundbreaking collaboration program for smart cities with the city of Fukuoka, Japan. The principal
support program provided by the IIA is the R D Fund, which offers financial support for between 20 to 50 of the costs of an approved
R D program. The IIA also participates in bi-national funds, which are joint R D programs with foreign counterparts such as China,
Canada and the United States that grant financial assistance to Israeli companies for up to 50 of their R D costs. 

Strong
venture capital and private equity industries Israel s innovation and start-up industry is complemented by flourishing
venture capital and private equity sectors. The most active investors in Israeli high-tech companies in 2022 were foreign-based venture
capital firms, including some of the world s largest tech investors, such as Insight Partners (participated in 40 rounds) and Tiger
Global Partners (participated in 26 rounds). This level of participation illustrates the breadth of innovative industries in Israel and
the sustained attractiveness of such companies to foreign investors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, effecting a business combination with a company located in Israel, or another jurisdiction outside of the United States,
could subject us to a variety of risks that may negatively influence our operations. See the Risk Factor titled If we effect
a business combination with a company located in Israel or another foreign jurisdiction, we would be subject to a variety of additional
risks that may negatively impact our operations for more information on the risks attendant to acquiring a target business.
Furthermore, if we determine to acquire a target business located outside of Israel, the positive aspects of consummating a business
combination in Israel would not be applicable to our business going forward. 

6 

Acquisition
Strategy 

Our
acquisition strategy is to identify and complete a business combination by exploiting what we believe is an untapped opportunity and
offer a public-ready business a vehicle through which to enter the public marketplace, access capital markets and advance its business.
Our non-exclusive focus has been on Israel-related companies, including companies focused on payments, insuretech, wealthtech, regtech,
digital banking, fintech as a service (FAAS), banking as a service (BAAS), cyber area for financial institutions, blockchain and crypto,
algo-trading and exchanges, and lending and credit line platforms, that have a proven model of commercial success and a track record
in generating and growing revenues, and, in some cases, profits. We have also sought to identify companies that are developing disruptive
technology with strong market potential in other verticals and geographies. We believe that we are uniquely positioned to leverage our
sponsor s and its affiliates successful track record of helping technology companies grow into large, successful publicly-traded
entities, and their deep network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world, and in our target region, Israel, in particular.
Our management team members have significant experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions,
allowing their network of contacts and corporate relationships to grow through sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, and thereafter
maintaining relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams. We have relied on the expertise of our management
team, our sponsor and their affiliates and their proven deal- sourcing capabilities to provide us with a pipeline of potential targets. 

We
believe that our management team s experiences in evaluating assets through investing and company building has enabled us to source
high quality targets. Our selection process has leveraged the relationships of our management team with industry captains, leading venture
capitalists, private equity and hedge fund managers, respected peers and a network of investment banking executives, attorneys and accountants.
Target business candidates have also been brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including, among others, large
business enterprises seeking to divest noncore assets or divisions. Together with our network of trusted partners, we intend to capitalize
the target business and create purposeful strategic initiatives in order to achieve attractive growth and performance targets. 

Investment
Criteria 

Consistent
with our acquisition strategy, we have identified the following general, non-exclusive criteria and guidelines that we believe are important
in evaluating prospective targets for our initial business combination. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition
opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet one or more of these
criteria and guidelines. We intend to focus on targets with the following attributes: 

Attractive,
 growth business 

Disruptive
 technology 

Business
 with revenue and earnings growth potential 

Strong
 competitive industry position 

Strong
 target management team 

Appropriate
 valuation 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews with customers and suppliers, and inspection of facilities,
as well as review of financial and other information which will be made available to us. 

Sourcing
of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We
believe that the operational and transactional experience of our management team and members of our sponsor (and the investors in the
sponsor), and the relationships they have developed as a result of such experience, has provided us with a substantial number of potential
business combination targets. Our management team and other members of our sponsor have in the past operated and invested in leading
Israeli, global technology companies across their corporate life cycles and have developed deep relationships with organizations and
investors operating around the world, and in our target region, Israel, in particular. This network has grown through sourcing, acquiring
and financing businesses and maintaining relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams. Our management team
members have significant experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. We believe that
this network of contacts and relationships and this experience has helped us to identify attractive Israel related technology-based businesses
that can benefit from access to the public markets, and will help us to execute complex business combination transactions, thereby enhancing
shareholder value. In addition, target business candidates have been brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including
investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest noncore assets or divisions. 

We
believe that we are uniquely positioned to leverage our sponsor s, affiliates and management team s successful track
record growing Israeli technology companies into large, successful publicly-traded entities, and their deep network of relationships
in Israel, as strong competitive advantages. We have utilized our management s and sponsor s expertise and their respective
proven deal-sourcing capabilities to provide us with a pipeline of potential targets. 

7 

Our
management team s and directors experiences in evaluating assets through investing and company building has enabled us to
source high quality targets. Our selection process will leverage the relationships of our management team with industry captains, leading
venture capitalists, private equity and hedge fund managers, respected peers and a network of investment banking executives, attorneys
and accountants. Together with this network of trusted partners, we intend to capitalize the target business and create purposeful strategic
initiatives in order to achieve attractive growth and performance targets. 

Our
management team consists of professionals and senior operating executives of various companies with decades of experience and industry
exposure in various Israeli high-tech industries. Based on our management team s extensive experience and industry exposure, we
believe we will be able to identify, evaluate the risk and reward of and execute on attractive acquisition opportunities. 

In
addition to our experienced management team, the partners of our sponsor have a strong track record both in the technology sector in
general and in Israeli investments in particular, and are characterized by their investment expertise, deep technology company relationships
and benevolent activism. One such limited partner is Stanley Hutton Rumbough, a private investor and descendant of Edward Francis Hutton,
the founder of EF Hutton. Mr. Rumbough was most recently a founding investor in the Israel-based INX platform for digital tokens and
trading. 

Significant
Activities Since Inception 

On
November 8, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 15,000,000 units and, on November 12, 2021, issued an additional 2,250,000
units pursuant to the underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share
and three-quarters of a redeemable warrant of the Company, each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary
share for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 150,000,000
and 22,500,000 at the respective closings. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering and the closing of the underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option,
we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 8,243,038 and 556,962 private warrants, respectively, to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital
at a purchase price of 1.00 per private warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of 8,243,038 and 556,962, respectively. 

Following
the respective closings, a total of 153,000,000 and 22,950,000 were placed in U.S.-based trust account at Goldman Sachs Co. which
is maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. 

Our
units began trading on November 4, 2021 on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol FNVTU. 

Our
Class A ordinary shares and warrants began trading on December 8, 2021 on Nasdaq under the symbols FNVT and FNVTW, 
respectively. 

Competitive
Strengths 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe that our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company,
we offer a target business an alternative to a traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In
this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock or other equity interests in the target business
for our ordinary shares or for a combination of our ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration used in the transaction
to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe that target businesses might find this avenue a more certain and cost-effective method
to becoming a public company than a typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses
incurred in marketing, roadshow and public reporting efforts that will likely not be present to the same extent in connection with a
business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once the business combination is consummated, the target business will have effectively become a public company, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could
prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional
means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests than it would have as a privately-held company.
Public company status can offer further benefits by enhancing a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and
attracting talented employees. 

While
we believe that our status as a public company will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view
the inherent limitations in our status as a blank check company as a deterrent and may prefer to effect a business combination with a
more established entity or with a private company. These limitations include constraints on our available financial resources, which
may be inferior to those of other entities pursuing the acquisition of similar target businesses; the requirement that we seek shareholder
approval of a business combination or conduct a tender offer in relation thereto, which may delay the consummation of a transaction;
and the existence of our outstanding warrants, which may represent a source of future dilution. 

8 

In
addition, the SEC has recently proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs, which may complicate efforts to complete our initial
business combination. See the Risk Factor titled The SEC has recently issued proposed rules relating to certain
activities of SPACs for more information. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available in our trust account in an amount of approximately 175,950,000 plus interest assuming no redemptions (following the
payment of 3,450,000 million to the underwriters as underwriting fees in our initial public offering) and after payment of 6,037,500
of advisory fees to be paid to EarlyBirdCapital in connection with the business combination before additional fees and expenses associated
with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners,
providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio.
Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing,
we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target
business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance
that it will be available to us. 

Effecting
a Business Combination 

General 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time following
our initial public offering. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public and the private placement of private
warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of these in effecting a business combination which has not yet been identified. Accordingly,
investors in our initial public offering have invested without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of
any one or more business combinations. A business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not
need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may
deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting
control and compliance with various federal and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination
with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth. 

We
Have Not Identified a Specific Target Business 

To
date, we have not selected a target business with which to consummate our business combination. Additionally, we have not engaged or
retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate prospective target companies. As a result, we cannot assure you that
we will be able to locate a target business or that we will be able to engage in a business combination with a target business on favorable
terms or at all. 

Subject
to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations and the fair market value requirement described below, we will have
virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. We have not established any specific
attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses other than as described above. Accordingly, there was
no basis for investors in our initial public offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may
ultimately complete a business combination. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

While
we have not yet selected a target business with which to consummate our initial business combination, the principal means of identifying
potential target businesses has been through the extensive contacts and relationships of our initial shareholders, officers and directors.
While our officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence on
potential target businesses, our officers and directors believe that the relationships they have developed over their careers and their
access to our sponsor s members and affiliates contacts and resources have generated a number of potential business
combination opportunities that have warranted further investigation. Target business candidates also have been brought to our attention
from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds,
management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. 

Our
officers and directors must present to us all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets
held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income accrued in the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter
into the initial business combination, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations. While we do not presently anticipate
engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis (other
than EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. as described elsewhere in this Annual Report), we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future,
in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation
based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their respective
affiliates be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to
effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the fee
of 3,000 that we pay each month to our sponsor pursuant to an Administrative Services Agreement described in Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence in this Annual Report, the repayment of any loans provided by the sponsor
or its affiliates and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. 

9 

Additionally,
we may in the future pay a customary financial consulting fee to our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor. We may pay such financial
consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as
well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an
initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar
services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s
policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

Our
audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective
affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. We have no present intention to enter into a business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. However, we are not restricted
from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent
directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders
valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination 

Subject
to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value
of at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of
the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire
a controlling interest in the target business, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting
a prospective target business. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target
businesses, except as described above under Investment Criteria. 

Any
evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on such factors as well
as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available
to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage. 

The
time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently
be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available
to otherwise complete a business combination. 

Fair
Market Value of Target Business 

Nasdaq
listing rules require that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least
80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time
of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed
on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

We
currently anticipate several possible structures for a business combination. We may structure our business combination to acquire 100 
of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination where
we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order
to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business
combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 
or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock,
shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target; however, as a
result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination
could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business
or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of trust account balance test. If our initial
business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all
of the target businesses. 

10 

As
an alternative to serving as the legal acquiring entity in a business combination transaction, we may instead serve as the target company
from a legal perspective. In that case, our shareholders will receive shares of the acquiring company in exchange for their ordinary
shares of our company, and the acquiring company would succeed us as a publicly traded company. There may be various tax and other ramifications
to the business combination transaction being effected in accordance with that alternative structure. 

The
fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the
financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or
tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public shareholders with our analysis of the
fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently determine
that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking
firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will
not be required to obtain an opinion from an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently
determines that the target business complies with the 80 threshold. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

We
may seek to effect a business combination with more than one target business, although we expect to complete our business combination
with just one business. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance
of a single business operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities
operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify
our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only
a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
 us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
 the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and 

result
 in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited
 number of products, processes or services. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of
such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may
make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also
face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations
(if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target Business Management 

Although
we intend to scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination,
we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure
you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the
future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated
with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions
with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a
business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if
they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take
place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form
of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination.
While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target
business, we believe that their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining
factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you
that our officers and directors will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will
have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

11 

Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination 

In
connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at
a general meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for
or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means
of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as
to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us
in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. If we determine to engage in a tender
offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata
portion of his, her or its shares. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the
same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. Whether
we seek shareholder approval or engage in a tender offer, we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible
assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, a majority
of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

We
chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a
target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available
from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, we may need to have more than 5,000,001 in net tangible
assets either immediately prior to or upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing, which may not be available
on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be
able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public shareholders may therefore have to wait 18
months from the closing of our initial public offering in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account (with such
18 month period ending on May 8, 2023). Our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary
shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to convert any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed
initial business combination. 

If
we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention
to vote, against such proposed business combination or that they wish to have their shares redeemed, our officers, directors, sponsor,
initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence
the vote and reduce the number of redemptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders
and their affiliates will not make purchases of Class A ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation
of a company s stock. 

Conversion
Rights 

At
any general meeting called to approve an initial business combination, public shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless
of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less
any taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their Class A
ordinary shares to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. 

Our
sponsor, initial shareholders and our officers and directors do not have conversion rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned
by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to our initial public offering or purchased by them in our initial public offering
or in the aftermarket. Additionally, the holders of the EBC founder shares do not have conversion rights with respect to the EBC founder
shares. 

We
may require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either (i) tender
their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s
DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials
sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced
delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically
charge the tendering broker approximately 45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder.
However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights to tender their
shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must
be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise conversion rights to tender their shares prior to the
consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased
cost to shareholders. 

Any
proxy solicitation materials we furnish to shareholders in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate
whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have
from the time the shareholder received our proxy statement up until two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to
approve the business combination to deliver his, her or its shares if he, she or it wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights.
This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by
the shareholder, whether or not he, she or it is a record holder or his, her or its shares are held in street name, in
a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his, her or its shares through the
DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. 

12 

Any
request to convert such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration
of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of Class A ordinary shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of
their conversion and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he or she may simply request
that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If
the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their
conversion rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target until 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering (with such 18 month period ending on May 8, 2023). 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have only 18 months from the closing of this offering to complete our initial
business combination (with such 18 month period ending on May 8, 2023). If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within such 18-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including accrued interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses,
which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the 18-month time period. Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founders shares if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares, they will
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the allotted 18-month time frame. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, and EarlyBirdCapital has agreed, pursuant to the
underwriting agreement relating to our initial public offering, that they will not propose or vote in favor of any amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their
shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing the redemption rights
provided to shareholders as described in this prospectus or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including accrued interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
either immediately prior to or upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules). 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the 1,250,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there
will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with
implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes,
we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in
the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become
subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure
you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.20. While we intend
to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

13 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even
if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited
to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the
trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be
liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of
funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount
of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because we are a blank check company, rather
than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only third
parties we currently expect to engage would be vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers, computer or information and technical services
providers or prospective target businesses. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified
whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for
such obligations. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors
and prospective target businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially
less than 10.20 per share. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which
we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account.
Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 1,250,000 from the proceeds of this offering and the sale
of the private warrants, with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation,
currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that
the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims
made by creditors. 

If
we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable insolvency laws, and may be included in our insolvency estate and
subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete
the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file
a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any
distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable preference.
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be
viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our
company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of
our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with
a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders 
ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance
or timing of the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this prospectus, or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (3) the redemption of our public shares if we
are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law
and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust
account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting
in connection with our initial business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an
applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

14 

Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering
 that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association will contain a provision which provides that, if we seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with
 a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem our public shares if
 we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any
 other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide public shareholders
 with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such amendment. Specifically, our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: prior to the completion of our initial business combination,
 we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at
 which public shareholders may elect to redeem their public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they
 vote for or against the proposed business combination, or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all
 or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination by means of a tender offer (and thereby
 avoid the need for a shareholder vote), for an amount payable in cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
 account as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including accrued interest (which interest
 shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
 herein; 

we
 will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior
 to or upon completion of our initial business combination and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and
 outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination; 

if
 our initial business combination is not consummated within 18 months from the closing of this offering, then our existence will terminate
 and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and 

prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds
 from the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an
 amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business
 combination beyond 18 months from the closing of this offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. 

These
provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares present and voting at a general
meeting. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote
thereon and who vote at a general meeting in favor of the business combination. 

Additionally,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, prior to our initial business combination, holders of our
founders shares are the only shareholders that will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and the right to remove a
member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our shares voting in a general meeting. With respect to any other
matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required
by law, holders of our founders shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling
the holder to one vote . 

15 

Comparison
of redemption or purchase prices in connection with our initial business combination and if we fail to complete our initial business
combination. 

The
following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination and if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing
of this offering. 

Redemptions
 in Connection with our Initial Business Combination 
 
 Other
 Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by our Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions
 if we fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination 
 
 Calculation
 of redemption price 
 
 Redemptions
 at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote.
 The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder
 vote. In either case, our public shareholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
 in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated
 to be 10.20 per share), including accrued interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then
 issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would
 cause our net tangible assets to be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business
 combination and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of
 terms of a proposed business combination. 
 
 If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates
 may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following completion of our initial
 business combination. Such purchases will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18,
 which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. None of the funds
 in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. 
 
 If
 we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem all
 public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (which is
 initially anticipated to be 10.20 per share), including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, which
 interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. 

Redemptions
 in Connection with our Initial Business Combination 
 
 Other
 Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by our Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions
 if we fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination 
 
 Impact
 to remaining shareholders 
 
 The
 redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders,
 who will bear the burden of any interest withdrawn in order to pay taxes on the income earned on the trust account (to the extent
 not paid from amounts accrued as interest on the funds held in the trust account). 
 
 If
 the permitted purchases described above are made, there will be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price
 would not be paid by us. 
 
 The
 redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for
 the shares held by our sponsor, who will be our only remaining shareholder after such redemptions. 

Competition 

We
have encountered and expect to continue to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours,
including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic
and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established
and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing
services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry
knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors.
Our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.
Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class
A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. We may furthermore face competition from
other newly-formed entities that may target a business combination transaction with similar focus areas as ours, which may intensify
the competition that we face in achieving our objective. 

16 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Certain
of our executive officers and directors have or may have fiduciary and contractual duties to certain companies in which they have invested.
These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be
precluded from pursuing it. However, we do not expect these duties to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for
an initial business combination. 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect
our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except
and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities
or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in,
any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the
other. 

Indemnity 

Our
sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors)
for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our
initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy
those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

Facilities 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at The White House, 20 Genesis Close, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1 1208, Cayman Islands. In
addition, we have entered into an administrative services agreement pursuant to which we are paying our sponsor for office space, utilities
and administrative support services, in an amount of 3,000 per month. We consider our current office space adequate for our current
operations. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we have three (3) officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific
number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our
initial business combination. The amount of time that our officers or any other members of our management team devote in any time period
will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business
combination process. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the
requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act,
our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public auditors. 

We
will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may
be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, U.S. GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with PCAOB standards. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time
for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation
will be material. 

17 

We
have evaluated our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only
in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company,
will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to
achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier
of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total
annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market
value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second
fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior
three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

Legal
Proceedings 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team
in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months
preceding the date of this Annual Report. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. We have provided the following summary of the material risks involved: 

Risks
Related to our Search for, and Consummation of, Business Combination Transaction 

It
 is unlikely that we will be able to complete our initial business combination by May 8, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations
 except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate 

Our
 independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
 our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
 public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
 right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

18 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
 combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to
 complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

If
 a large number of our public shareholders request their shares to be redeemed for cash in a proposed business combination, that could
 increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation
 in order to redeem your shares. 

The
 prescribed time frame of 18 months for our business combination may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating
 a business combination. 

As
 the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there
 may be more competition for attractive targets. 

Nasdaq
 rules require that our initial business combination occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value
 equal to at least 80 of the assets held in our trust account. 

If
 we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20
 per share, or less in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The
 securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the
 per-share redemption amount to less than 10.20 per share. 

You
 are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

A
 group of shareholders that holds in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares will lose the ability to redeem all
 such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares (assuming we do not conduct a tender offer for our shares in connection
 with a business combination transaction). 

If
 the net proceeds of our initial public offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at
 least the next 18 months, that could limit the amount available to fund our search for a business combination target. 

Our
 directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds
 in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

Our
 shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
 of their shares. 

Changes
 in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
 to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

The
 SEC has recently issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business
 combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed
 to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business
 combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals (as defined below) may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust
 account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose . 

We
 may not hold an annual general meeting until after the completion of our initial business combination; Our public shareholders do
 not have the right to appoint directors prior to the consummation of our business combination. 

Because
 we are not limited to a particular industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,
 you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

The
 target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general
 criteria and guidelines. 

We
 may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
 affect our leverage and financial condition. 

We
 may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
 warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business. 

We
 may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may give rise to increased
 costs and risks. 

19 

We
 do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold, so we may complete a business combination with which a substantial majority
 of our shareholders do not agree. 

We
 may seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments, in a manner that will
 make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

We
 may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of
 a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Because
 our sponsor, officers and directors can purchase additional shares in anticipation of the vote on our initial business combination
 transaction, they may disproportionately influence the outcome. 

Our
 ability to identify a target and to consummate an initial business combination may be adversely affected by economic uncertainty
 and volatility in the financial markets, including as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine. 

Our
 warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of
 New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants,
 which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

The
 current economic downturn may lead to increased difficulty in completing our initial business combination. 

Recent
 volatility in capital markets may affect our ability to obtaining financing for our initial business combination through sales of
 shares of or common stock or issuance of indebtedness. 

Risks
Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

If
 we effect a business combination with a company located in Israel or another foreign jurisdiction, we would be subject to a variety
 of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

After
 our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our
 revenue will be derived from our operations in such country. 

Exchange
 rate fluctuations and currency policies may diminish a target business ability to succeed in the international markets. 

Subsequent
 to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
 or other charges. 

We
 may have limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business. 

Our
 management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. 

Risks
Relating to our Management Team 

We
 are dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. 

Our
 key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination,
 which may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

We
 may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

Past
 performance by the companies in which our management team and our sponsor s members and affiliates have been involved may not
 be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Our
 officers and directors allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
 how much time to devote to our affairs. 

Certain
 of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities
 similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a
 particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Since
 our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict
 of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate. 

20 

Risk
Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this Annual Report , before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following
events occurs, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading
price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

It
is unlikely that we will be able to complete our initial business combination by May 8, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate . 

It
is unlikely that we will be able to find a suitable target and complete our initial business combination by May 8, 2023. Our ability
to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt
markets and the other risks described herein. Other than in connection with a redemption offer or liquidation, our shareholders may be
unable to recover their investment except through sales of our ordinary shares on the open market. The price of our ordinary shares may
be volatile, and there can be no assurance that shareholders will be able to dispose of our shares at favorable prices, or at all. 

If
we are unable to complete our initial business combination by May 8, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including accrued interest (less
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law . 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
may not have sufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated obligations over the next year from the issuance of the financial statements
contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB
Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, we have until May 8,
2023 to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If
a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company.
Management has determined that the liquidity condition of the Company and upcoming mandatory liquidation, should a business combination
not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 8, 2023. 

Our
public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our
initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We
will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at which public
shareholders may elect to redeem their public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed business combination, or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public
shares upon the completion of our initial business combination by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder
vote), for an amount payable in cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by
the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. Accordingly, it is possible that
we will consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business
combination. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders
to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors
such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval.
For instance, Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a shareholder meeting but would still require us
to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration
in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our
outstanding shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination instead of conducting a tender offer. 

21 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more
target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders
may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if
we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in
our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet that closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in
no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion
of our initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules), or any
greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently,
if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion
of our initial business combination or less than such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we
would not proceed with such redemption of our public shares and the related business combination, and we instead may search for an alternate
business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination
transaction with us. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and we will therefore need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the
purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust
account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for
redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust
account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business
combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
increases. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until
we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market;
however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation,
you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate
or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering (with such 18 month period ending on
May 8, 2023). Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we
do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business
combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the 18 month period. Depending upon when
we identify a potential target business, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

22 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination altogether. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combinations. As a result, fewer attractive targets may be available,
and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and
consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable
to our investors altogether. 

We
expect to need to comply with the rules of Nasdaq that require our initial business combination to occur with one or more target businesses
having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account at the time of the agreement to enter
into the initial business combination. 

The
rules of Nasdaq require that our initial business combination occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate
fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust
account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number
of companies with which we may complete a business combination. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy
this fair market value test, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason,
we would not be required to satisfy the foregoing 80 fair market value test and could complete a business combination with a target
business having a fair market value substantially below 80 of the balance in the trust account. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 

In
recent years, the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business
of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore,
we may be unable to complete a business combination if renewed concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have
meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate
and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend
on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the possibility of a renewed outbreak of COVID-19,
the emergence of new variants such as Delta and Omicron or the actions to contain and mitigate the effects of COVID-19 or treat its impact,
among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern occur for an extensive period of time, our ability
to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination,
may be materially adversely affected. 

It
is unlikely that we will be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would
cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public
shareholders may receive only 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing
of our initial public offering (with such 18 month period ending on May 8, 2023). It is unlikely that we will be able to find a suitable
target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination
may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. 

If
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 18 month period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including accrued interest
(less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number
of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each
case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In
such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per share, or less than 10.20 per share, on the redemption of their shares,
and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk
factors herein. 

23 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates
may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and
reduce the public float of our securities. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may
purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market prior to
the vote on our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation or duty to do so. Please see Effecting a Business
Combination Comparison of redemption or purchase prices in connection with our initial business combination and if we fail to
complete our initial business combination Other Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by our Affiliates for a description
of how such persons will determine from which shareholders to seek to acquire securities. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement
that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees
not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase
shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or
submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior
elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. The price per share paid in any such
transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection
with our initial business combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to (1) vote such shares in favor of our initial business
combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of our initial business combination, (2) satisfy a
closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing
of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met, or (3) reduce the number of public
warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial
business combination. Any such purchases of our public shares or public warrants may result in the completion of our initial business
combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our
Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it
difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

The
proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they
have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in
recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt
similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share
of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in
trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

You
are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business
combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the
United States securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of
our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants, we believe that we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to
protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of
those rules. Among other things, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any
interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection
with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose
the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to
more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, 
without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence
over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell
Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares
if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and,
in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

24 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive
only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire
worthless. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Our ability to compete with respect to
the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, if we are obligated to pay
cash for the Class A ordinary shares redeemed and, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we
may make purchases of our Class A ordinary shares, potentially reducing the resources available to us for our initial business combination.
Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share (or less in certain
circumstances) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders
may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

The
net proceeds of our initial public offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until the end
of the 18 month period from the closing of our initial public offering (with such 18 month period ending on May 8, 2023), making us dependent
on additional loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial
business combination, which they are under no obligation to advance to us. 

The
funds available to us outside of the trust account after the closing of our initial public offering, together with funds available from
loans from our sponsor or its affiliates, are not sufficient to allow us to operate until the end of the 18 months period from the closing
of our initial public offering (with such 18 month period ending on May 8, 2023 ). As a result, we are dependent on additional loans
from our sponsor or management team to fund our ongoing efforts to complete our initial business combination, and our sponsor or its
affiliates are under no obligation to advance additional funds to us. Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale
of the private warrants, approximately 1,250,000 was available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital
requirements. 

We
have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address
this need for additional capital through potential loans from our sponsor or certain of its affiliates are discussed in the section of
this Annual Report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from
unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Were this to occur, we would be unable to continue as a going concern and or consummate
our initial business combination transaction. 

Of
the funds available to us to complete our initial business combination, we could use a portion to pay fees to consultants to assist us
with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with
other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although
we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity
from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might
not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than
 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share 
and other risk factors herein. 

We
need additional capital to operate, which requires us either to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties,
or to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds
to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released
to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do
not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public
shareholders may only receive approximately 10.20 per share (or less in certain circumstances) on our redemption of our public shares,
and our warrants will expire worthless. In such case, our public shareholders may only receive 10.20 per share, and our warrants will
expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their
shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the
per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

25 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for
the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may
not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary
responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain
advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute
an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount
received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. 

Our
sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor (other than our independent auditors) for
services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held
in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each
case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and
all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public
offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver
is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third
party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe
that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Accordingly, our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available
to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set
aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available
for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not
be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption
of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount
per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose
not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders
may be reduced below 10.20 per share. 

26 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties
with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition,
our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby
exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims
of creditors. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities; 

each
of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust
account may be invested by the trustee only in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the
exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company
Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may
hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with
certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time
consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those
changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply
with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our
ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

27 

The
SEC has recently issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business
combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed
to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination.
The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company
at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating, among other items, to disclosures in
business combination transactions between SPACS such as us and private operating companies; the condensed financial statement requirements
applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business
combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent
to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs
a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition,
business purpose and activities. The SPAC Rule Proposals have not yet been adopted and may be adopted in the proposed form or in a different
form that could impose additional regulatory requirements on SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination
target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed
in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs and time of negotiating and completing an initial business combination, and may constrain
the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals
may also cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 

Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, and thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and
officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were
unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine
of up to 18,292 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We
may not hold an annual general meeting until after the completion of our initial business combination. Our public shareholders do not
have the right to appoint directors prior to the consummation of our Business Combination and do not have the right to call a general
meeting. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary
general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity
to discuss company affairs with management. As holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders also do not have the right
to vote on the appointment of directors prior to completion of our initial business combination. In addition, during that time period,
holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Under our amended and restated
articles of association, shareholders also do not have the right to call a general meeting. 

Because
we are not limited to a particular industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

While
we are focused upon a business combination including technology-based businesses that are domiciled in Israel, that carry out all or
a substantial portion of their activities in Israel, or that have some other significant Israeli connection, we nevertheless may pursue
acquisition opportunities in any one of numerous industries or geographic locations. We will not, however, under our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our business combination with another blank check company or similar
company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet identified any specific target business with respect to a business combination,
there is no basis for shareholders who invested in our initial public offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular
target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we
complete our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For
example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or an early stage entity. Although our officers
and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some
of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units, shares or warrants will ultimately prove to be more
favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any
shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares.
Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully
bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained
an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

28 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a
combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business
combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of
our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders
valuation opinions, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm, or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the price we are paying is
fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our
board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards
used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business
combination. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding
debt following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We
have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available
for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such
 financing while the debt security is issued and outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
 and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution
 of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

29 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants,
which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of
diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

Of
the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants, approximately 175,950,000 plus interest (assuming
no redemption of Class A ordinary shares) will be available to complete our business combination and pay related fees and expenses (which
fees will include up to approximately 6,037,500 for the payment of a fee to EarlyBirdCapital for its advisory services in connection
with, and subject to, our consummation of the business combination transaction). 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several
business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may
be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenue or earnings. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking
an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which
we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile
revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all
of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be
outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
a business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no
event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon completion of our initial business combination (such that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules), or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial
business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of
our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of
their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are
validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A
ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business
combination. 

30 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters
and modified governing instruments. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association or governing instruments, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that
some of our shareholders may not support. 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have in the past amended various provisions of their charters
and modified governing instruments. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased
redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination. Amending our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law. A resolution
is deemed to be a special resolution as a matter of Cayman Islands law where it has been approved by either (1) at least two-thirds (or
any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders at a general meeting for
which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized by a company s
articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by holders of at least two-thirds of our shares
who attend and vote at a shareholders meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law on a per share voting
basis) (other than amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require
the approval of at least 90 of our shares voting in a general meeting), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders.
We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments
or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and
corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of
holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold
than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders
may not support. 

Some
other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those
which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s
shares. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the
company s public shares. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions, including
those related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and
the private placement of units into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances), may be amended
if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in a general meeting, and corresponding provisions
of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of two-thirds of our
ordinary shares (other than amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination,
which require the approval of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting). Our initial shareholders, who currently
beneficially own approximately 19.5 of our ordinary shares (excluding the EBC founder shares), may participate in any vote to amend
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner
they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which
govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to
complete our initial business combination with which you do not agree. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
prohibit any amendment of its provisions (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares
to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of the redemption rights provided
to shareholders as described in this Annual Report if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing
of our initial public offering (with such 18 month period ending on May 8, 2023) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares. Furthermore, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us,
that they will not propose such an amendment unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares.
In certain circumstances, our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. 

31 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of
at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. 

Our
warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we
may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least
a majority of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things,
increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable
upon exercise of a warrant. 

Certain
agreements related to our initial public offering may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Certain
agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to our initial public offering, the investment management trust agreement between
us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers, directors (including
director nominees), the registration rights agreement among us and our sponsor and the administrative and support services agreement
between us and our sponsor, may be amended without shareholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public
shareholders might deem to be material. For example, the underwriting agreement related to our initial public offering contains a covenant
that the target company that we acquire must have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account at the
time of signing the definitive agreement for the transaction with such target business (excluding (i) the fee to be paid to EarlyBirdCapital
as our advisor in connection with that transaction and (ii) taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) so long as we obtain
and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to any of these agreements
prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its
fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial
business combination. Any such amendment may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Because
we have not yet identified a specific target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the
size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation
to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to
seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available
on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial
business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and
seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business
combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional
financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors
or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than
 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share 
and other risk factors herein. 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance
tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement
disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international financing reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board,
or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time
for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make
our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

32 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and
exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including
if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal
year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors
will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there
may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it
may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company,
we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control
over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial
business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls.
The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may
receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we
may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only
approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

33 

Our
ability to identify a target and to consummate an initial business combination may be adversely affected by economic uncertainty and
volatility in the financial markets, including as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine. 

In
late February 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine, significantly amplifying already existing geopolitical tensions among Russia,
Ukraine, Europe, NATO and the West. Russia s invasion, the responses of countries and political bodies to Russia s actions,
and the potential for wider conflict may increase financial market volatility and could have severe adverse effects on regional and global
economic markets, including the markets for certain securities and commodities. Following Russia s actions, various countries,
including the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, and France, as well as the European Union, issued broad-ranging economic
sanctions against Russia. The sanctions consist of the prohibition of trading in certain Russian securities and engaging in certain private
transactions, the prohibition of doing business with certain Russian corporate entities, large financial institutions, officials and
oligarchs, and the freezing of Russian assets. 

The
imposition of the current sanctions (and potential imposition of further sanctions in response to continued Russian military activity)
and other actions undertaken by countries and businesses may adversely impact various sectors of the Russian economy, including but not
limited to, the financial, energy, metals and mining, engineering, and defense and defense-related materials sectors. Such actions also
may result in the decline of the value and liquidity of Russian securities, a weakening of the ruble. In response to sanctions, the Russian
Central Bank raised its interest rates and banned sales of local securities by foreigners. Russia may take additional counter measures
or retaliatory actions, which may further impair the value and liquidity of Russian securities. Such actions could, for example, include
restricting gas exports to other countries, seizure of U.S. and European residents assets, or undertaking or provoking other military
conflict elsewhere in Europe, any of which could exacerbate negative consequences on global financial markets and the economy. While
diplomatic efforts have been ongoing, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine is currently unpredictable and has the potential to result
in broadened military actions. The duration of ongoing hostilities and corresponding sanctions and related events cannot be predicted
and may result in a negative impact on the markets and thereby potential business combination targets. 

Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which
could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us or arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement
do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district
courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

The
current economic downturn may lead to increased difficulty in completing our initial business combination. 

Our
ability to consummate our initial business combination may depend, in part, on worldwide economic conditions. In recent months, we have
observed increased economic uncertainty in the United States and abroad. Impacts of such economic weakness include: 

falling
 overall demand for goods and services, leading to reduced profitability; 

reduced
 credit availability; 

higher
 borrowing costs; 

reduced
 liquidity; 

volatility
 in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets; and 

Bankruptcies,
 including banks and financial institutions entering receivership or becoming insolvent. 

We
may not be able to access a portion of our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments due to market conditions. For example, on
March 10, 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank. If other banks
and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking
system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could have
a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

34 

These
developments have lead to inflation, higher interest rates, and uncertainty about business continuity, which may adversely affect the
business of our potential target businesses and create difficulties in obtaining debt or equity financing for our initial business combination,
as well as leading to an increase in the number of public stockholders exercising redemption rights in connection therewith. 

Recent
volatility in capital markets may affect our ability to obtaining financing for our initial business combination through sales of shares
of or common stock or issuance of indebtedness. 

With
uncertainty in the capital markets and other factors, financing for our initial business combination may not be available on terms favorable
to us or at all. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders
could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to
those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing secured by us could involve additional restrictive covenants relating to our
capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may limit the operations and growth of the surviving company
of our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, we could
face significant limitations on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Risks
Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

If
we effect a business combination with a company located in Israel or another foreign jurisdiction, we would be subject to a variety of
additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities in Israel, as we are planning to do, or elsewhere outside of the United States
for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such
initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks
that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities in Israel or elsewhere outside of the United States for our initial business
combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating,
agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction
approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange
rates. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
 or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

transparency
 issues in general and, more specifically, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, relevant provisions of Israeli Penal Law 5737-1977,
 the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption compliance laws and issues; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges
 in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

35 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

social
 unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
 changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
 attacks and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business
combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial business combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the Company, and the
management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may
not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have
to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory
issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

After
our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The
economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect
our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be
sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected,
there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially
and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and
if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may diminish a target business ability to succeed in the international markets. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, a substantial portion of revenues and income of the target business may be received in a foreign
currency, as well as a substantial portion of its expenses paid in a foreign currency, whereas its financial results will likely be recorded
in U.S. dollars. As a result, the target business financial results could be adversely affected by fluctuations in the value of
local currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The value of the currency in our target region Israel fluctuates relative
to the U.S. dollar and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value
of that currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our
initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency such as the Israeli currency
(the New Israeli Shekel) appreciates in value against the U.S. dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate a transaction
with that business. 

36 

Subsequent
to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify
all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through
a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise.
As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though
these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature
could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate
net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder
or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders
and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We
may have limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities
we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company,
the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, shareholders or warrant holders
who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value
of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The
officers and directors of a business combination target may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure
of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. The role of a business combination target s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot
be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of a business combination target s management team will
remain associated with the target following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of a business
combination target will not wish to remain in place. 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than
100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We
will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting
securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could
pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding
capital stock, shares and/or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However,
as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could
own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders
may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares
than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of
the target business. 

Risks
Relating to our Management Team 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter is dependent upon the efforts of our
key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management, board member or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some
or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage
after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These
individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend
time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

37 

In
addition, the officers and directors of a target business may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure
of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. The role of a target business s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of the target business s management team will remain associated with
the target following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of the target business will not
wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination.
These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them
to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial
business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business
combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business
combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination
as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue
an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable
to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise
would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our
initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for
such reduction in value. 

Past
performance by the companies in which our management team and our sponsor s members and affiliates have been involved may not be
indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information
regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team and sponsor s members and affiliates is presented
in this Annual Report for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team and sponsor s members and affiliates
is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate
a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team and sponsor s
members and affiliates as indicative of our future performance and you may lose all or part of your invested capital. Additionally, in
the course of their respective careers, members of our management team and our sponsor s members and affiliates have been involved
in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. None of our officers, directors or the partners or affiliates of our sponsor, other than
our director Mitch Garber, have had management experience with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition corporations in the
past. 

We
are dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination.
In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will
have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business
combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life
of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental
effect on us. 

Our
officers and directors allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how
much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business
combination. 

Our
officers and directors are not required to, and do not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend
to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several
other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute
any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent director also serve as officers and board members for other entities.
If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs
in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact
on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other
business affairs, please see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

38 

Certain
of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities
similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

We
are currently engaged in the business of identifying one or more businesses with which to engage in a business combination. Our sponsor
and officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities such as operating companies or investment vehicles
that are engaged in making and managing investments in a similar business. 

Our
officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other
entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to
which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential
target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law. 

For
a complete discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that
you should be aware of, please see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance , Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence. 

Our
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our
interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors
or officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for
their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between
their interests and ours. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our sponsor, officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our officers and directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities,
including, without limitation, those described under Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts
of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. 

Although
we are not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction
if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business 
Effecting a Business Combination Selection of a target business and structuring of a business combination and such transaction
was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. 

Since
our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with
respect to any public shares they may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination
target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Prior
to our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,312,500 founders shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000,
of which 75,000 were transferred to our independent directors. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor,
the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. As such, our sponsor currently beneficially owns approximately 19.5 of our issued
and outstanding shares. The founders shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. The founders shares
 which are Class B ordinary shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units which were sold
in our initial public offering except that until the consummation of our initial business combination transaction, only the founders
shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. In addition, the founders (Class B ordinary) shares are subject to certain
transfer restrictions (unlike public shares). Furthermore, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their shares in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
their founders shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public
offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame), as described herein and in our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association. 

39 

The
personal and financial interests of our sponsor, officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a
target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial
business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 18-month deadline following the closing of our initial public offering nears
(with such 18-month period ending on May 8, 2023), which is the deadline for the completion of our initial business combination. 

Since
our sponsor, officers and directors, senior consultant, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide,
documented out-of-pocket expenses whether or not our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise
in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Whether
or not we complete our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors, senior consultant, or any of their respective
affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf. These financial interests of our
sponsor, officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination and completing
an initial business combination. 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums
charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be
no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more
expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or
modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense,
accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could
have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential
liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order
to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect
to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business
combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable
to our investors. 

We
may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market
price of our shares at that time. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE
transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time, which is
generally approximately 10.20. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business
combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price
for our shares at such time. 

Risks
Relating to our Securities 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your
investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of
our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with
a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of
the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this Annual Report, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (3) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable
to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering (with such 18 month period
ending on May 8, 2023), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have
any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust
account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants,
potentially at a loss. 

40 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols FNVTU , FNVT and FNVTW, 
respectively. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business
combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain
financial, distribution and share price levels. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, it is likely that
Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as well as certain qualitative
requirements, as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those
initial listing requirements at that time. 

If
Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity with respect to such securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A
 ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
 market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities , including our units, Class A ordinary shares and
warrants. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states
to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate
or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or
restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view
blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank
check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities
under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

Because
each unit contains three-quarters of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than
units of other blank check companies. 

Each
unit contains three-quarters of one redeemable warrant. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole
warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant and
if you purchase units in multiples of less than four, you will lose a fraction of a warrant. This is different from other offerings similar
to ours whose units include one share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in
this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for three-quarters
of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more
attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they
included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

Our
initial shareholders will control the appointment of our board of directors until completion of our initial business combination and
will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination
and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our
initial shareholders currently beneficially own approximately 19.5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the EBC
founder shares). In addition, prior to our initial business combination, only the founders shares, all of which are held by our initial
shareholders, have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, and holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member
of the board of directors for any reason. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration
of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership in our company,
our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that
you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of major corporate
transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions,
this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will exert significant influence over actions
requiring a shareholder vote at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

41 

Our
sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or 0.0058 per founders share and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution
upon the purchase of our Class A ordinary shares. 

The
difference between our initial public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the Class A ordinary shares
and none to the warrant included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per Class A ordinary share after our initial
public offering constitutes the dilution to investors in our Class A ordinary shares. Our sponsor acquired the founders shares at a nominal
price, significantly contributing to this dilution. For example, upon the closing of our initial public offering, and assuming no value
is ascribed to the warrants included in the units, public shareholders incurred an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately
96.8 (or 9.68 per share, assuming no exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option), the difference between the pro forma
net tangible book value per share of negative 0.32 and the initial offering price of 10.00 per unit. This dilution would increase to
the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the founders shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than
one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founders shares at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, because of the
anti-dilution protection in the founders shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business
combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares. 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If:
(i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price (as defined in the Warrant Agreement included as an exhibit to this Annual
Report) of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share; (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 
of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the
completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value (as defined in the Warrant Agreement)
is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 
of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business
combination with a target business. 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of
 0.01 per warrant; provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as
adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like
or as indicated above) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing on the date they become exercisable and ending
on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable
by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all
applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise
price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when
you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants
are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

Our
warrants contained in our units, together with our founders shares and our private warrants, may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

As
part of the 17,250,000 units that we sold in our initial public offering, we issued warrants to purchase 12,937,500 Class A ordinary
shares, with an exercise price of 11.50 per warrant (subject to adjustment as provided herein), and, simultaneously with the closing
of our initial public offering, we sold in a private placement an aggregate of 8,800,000 private warrants, each exercisable to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Our sponsor currently holds 4,237,500
founders shares. In addition, if our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors provide us with any
working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option
of the lender. The private warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that
the private warrants, for so long as they are held by our sponsor, EarlyBirdCapital or their respective affiliates: (1) may not (including
the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by the holders until after the completion of the Company s initial business combination and (2) are entitled to certain
registration rights (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants). 

To
the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a
target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of
the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants and founders shares may make it more
difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

There
is currently a limited market for our securities, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

Shareholders
have limited access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. The price of our securities
may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an
active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your
securities unless a market can be established and sustained. 

42 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against
our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the
Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of
shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors
to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands
is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions
of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal
securities laws of the United States. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman
Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In
particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as
Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may
not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

We
have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel, Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely
(i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the
federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities
against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as
the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in
the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign
money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain
conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a
liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the
same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural
justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public
policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As
a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States
company. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include two-year director terms and the ability of the board
of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management
and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

After
our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and
all or substantially of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal
securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It
is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all or substantially all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some
cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors
or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors
and officers under United States laws. 

An
investment in our securities may result in uncertain or adverse United States federal income tax consequences. 

An
investment in our securities may result in uncertain United States federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no
authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we issued in our initial public offering are issuing in this offering,
the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary share and the three-quarters
of one warrant included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or the courts. Furthermore, the United States federal income tax
consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with
respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain
or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining
whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for federal income tax purposes.. Prospective investors
are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our
securities. 

43 

Since
holders of our founders shares are the only shareholders of the company that have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior
to our initial business combination, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s
rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection
to shareholders of other companies. 

Holders
of our founders shares are the only shareholders of the company that have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result,
Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s corporate governance standards.
Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the appointment of directors is
held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate
governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we
 have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under Nasdaq rules; 

we
 have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing
 the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we
 have independent director oversight of our director nominations. 

We
do not intend to utilize these exemptions and currently comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable
phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections
afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements. 

If
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months of the closing of our initial public offering, our public
shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 18 months before redemption from our trust account. 

If
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering (with such
18 month period ending on May 8, 2023), we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including accrued
interest (less up to 100,000 of the net interest earned thereon to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes
payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of
our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected automatically
by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required
to windup, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation
process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case,
investors may be forced to wait beyond the initial 18 months before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to
them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds
to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination
or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and then only in cases where investors
have properly sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be
entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association prior thereto. 

If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable,
such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe
the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a shareholder
fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

The
warrants that are part of the units that we issued in our initial public offering and the private warrants, together with our grant of
registration rights to our sponsor and others, may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and may
make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

We
issued warrants to purchase 12,937,500 ordinary shares, at a price of 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment as provided herein), as
part of the 17,250,000 units, offered in our initial public offering. Furthermore, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
offering, we issued to our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital in a private placement an aggregate of 8,800,000 private warrants. Each warrant
is exercisable to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In addition,
if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per
warrant, at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private warrants. 

44 

Pursuant
to an agreement which was entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our
sponsor, management team and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founders shares beginning at
the time of our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, as the holders of our private warrants,
and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their private warrants, and the issuance of the Class A ordinary
shares upon exercise of the private warrants. Holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand
that we register the resale of those warrants, or the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of those warrants. Furthermore,
EarlyBirdCapital and its designees, as the holders of the EBC founder shares, also are entitled to piggyback registration
rights whereby they may request the registration of the resale of their EBC founder shares as part of an offering that will be conducted
by us or by our other shareholders. 

The
potential issuance of shares underlying our various groups of warrants, together with the foregoing registration rights with respect
to those shares and other shares, will allow, potentially, a significant, additional number of our Class A ordinary shares to become
available for trading in the public market. That potential development may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A
ordinary shares even without there being actual additional issuances or resales. In addition, the existence of the registration rights
may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. The shareholders of the target business may increase
the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price
of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected from the potential resale of the Class A ordinary shares owned by our sponsor or EarlyBirdCapital,
or issuable upon exercise of the private warrants or conversion of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees. Those
resales are enabled by the registration rights. 

We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founders
shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would substantially dilute the interest
of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of ordinary shares, including 500,000,000 Class A
ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, as well as 5,000,000
preferred shares, par value 0.0001. As of the date of this Annual Report, there are 482,600,000 and 45,687,500 authorized but unissued
Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount includes shares reserved for
issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants, and 5,000,000 authorized but unissued preferred shares available for issuance. 

We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or other securities to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders further and
likely present other risks. 

The
authorized share capital under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association also presents the possibility of additional,
substantial dilution. Under those charter documents, we are authorized to issue up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, up to 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and up to 5,000,000 preferred shares, par value
 0.0001 per share. There are currently 482,600,000 and 45,687,500 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary
shares, respectively, available for issuance, some of which are reserved for issuance upon exercise of issued and outstanding warrants,
and upon conversion of outstanding Class B ordinary shares. Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares, initially
at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
There are currently no preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary share in order to complete our initial business combination or under an
employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion
of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the
anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional
ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business
combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of our current shareholders; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability
 to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and
 directors; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

45 

Unlike
certain other blank check companies, our initial shareholder will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate
an initial business combination. 

The
founders shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the completion of our initial
business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares,
or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts
issued in our initial public offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which founders shares
will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary shares
then in issue) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the
aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding following the completion of our initial
public offering plus the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our
initial business combination (net of redemptions), excluding the EBC founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination and any private warrants issued to our sponsor,
a partner or affiliate of our sponsor, or any of our officers or directors. This is different than certain other blank check companies
in which the initial shareholder will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to our
initial business combination. 

We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors. 

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. holder of our Class A ordinary
shares or warrants, the U.S. holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting
requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception,
as defined under the rules. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty,
and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect
to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover,
will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year (of which there
can be no assurance), we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. holder to make and maintain a qualified
electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election
would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the
possible application of the PFIC rules. 

We
may reincorporate in, migrate to or merge with and into another entity as surviving company in, another jurisdiction in connection with
our initial business combination and such reincorporation, migration or merger may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We
may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate
in, migrate to or merge with and into another entity as surviving company in, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business
is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the
jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent
entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holder to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant
holder may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
are a newly formed company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

We
are a newly formed company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited operating results. Because we lack a significant
operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business
combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our initial business combination and, as a result, may never
generate any operating revenues. 

EarlyBirdCapital
may have a conflict of interest in rendering services to us in connection with our initial business combination. 

We
have engaged EarlyBirdCapital to assist us in connection with our initial business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee
for such services in an aggregate amount equal to up to 3.5 of the total gross proceeds raised in our initial public offering only if
we consummate our initial business combination. The private warrants purchased by EarlyBirdCapital and its designees and the EBC founder
shares will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. These financial interests may result in EarlyBirdCapital
having a conflict of interest when providing services to us in connection with an initial business combination. 

46 

We
are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased
both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We
are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the Securities and Exchange Commission, which
are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving
regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely
to continue to result in, increased general and administrative and support expenses and a diversion of management time and attention
from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations
and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Property 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at The White House, 20 Genesis Close, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1 1208, Cayman Islands. In
addition, we have entered into an administrative services agreement pursuant to which we are paying our sponsor for office space, utilities
and administrative support services, in an amount of 3,000 per month. We consider our current office space adequate for our current
operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

To
the knowledge of our management, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us
or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

47 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 
 Market
 Information 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbols FNVTU, FNVT and
 FNVTW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 4, 2021, and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants
each commenced public trading on December 8, 2021. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On
March 20, 2023 there was one holder of record of our units, two holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, four holders of record
of our Class B ordinary shares and three holders of record of our warrants (on a stand-alone basis, apart from our units). 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent
to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

(d) 
 Securities
 Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Performance
 Graph 

Not
applicable. 

(f) 
 Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered
Sales 

In
March 2021, we issued to our sponsor an aggregate of 4,312,500 Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, of
which 75,000 were transferred to our independent directors, as follows: 25,000 shares to Nadav Zohar, 25,000 shares to Mitch Garber and
25,000 shares to Gustavo Schwed. 

In
March 2021, we issued to EarlyBirdCapital and its designees 150,000 Class A ordinary EBC founder shares for nominal consideration. 

The
founders shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the completion of our initial
business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as further described herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary
shares, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of
the amounts issued in our initial public offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which
founders shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B
ordinary shares then in issue) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares
will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion
of our initial public offering plus the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with our initial business combination (net of redemptions), excluding the EBC founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination and any private warrants issued to our sponsor,
a partner or affiliate of our sponsor, or any of our officers or directors. 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founders shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until 180 days
after the completion of our initial business combination. 

Furthermore,
all founders shares will also be released from lock-up, if sooner than the above, on the date following the completion of our initial
business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property. 

48 

Substantially
concurrently with the closing of our initial public offering and the full exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriter, we
completed the private sale of an aggregate of 8,800,000 private warrants. Our sponsor purchased 8,243,038 of these warrants and EarlyBirdCapital
purchased 556,962 of these warrants. The purchase price per private warrant was 1.00, generating aggregate gross proceeds to the company
of 8,800,000. The private warrants are identical to the warrants sold in our initial public offering except that the private warrants,
for so long as they are held by our sponsor, EarlyBirdCapital or their respective affiliates: (1) may not (including the Class A Ordinary
Shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the
holders until after the completion of the Company s initial business combination and (2) are entitled to certain registration rights
(including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants) . 

Use
of Proceeds 

A
total of 175,950,000, comprised of the proceeds from the closings of our initial public offering, the full exercise of the over allotment
option by the underwriter and sale of private warrants, which includes 6,037,500 of advisory fees to be paid to EarlyBirdCapital in
connection with the initial business combination, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from such use as described in the Company s final prospectus (File No.
333-260261), dated November 3, 2021, which was declared effective by the SEC on November 3, 2021. 

(g) 
 Purchases
 of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report including, without limitation, statements under this
section, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, regarding
the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. When used in this Annual Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements.
Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available
to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements
as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 15, 2021 and formed for the purpose of entering into a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more
businesses (our initial business combination ). 

We
consummated our initial public offering on November 8, 2021 and are currently in the process of locating suitable targets for our initial
business combination. 

The
issuance of additional shares in an initial business combination: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-
 dilution provisions in our Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of our Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-
 to-one basis upon conversion of our Class B ordinary shares; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares if shares of preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those
 afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other
 things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present
 officers and directors; 

49 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person
 seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

Similarly,
 if we issue debt securities, or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of such covenants; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
 while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our ordinary or preferred shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our ordinary shares if declared and our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general
 corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
 and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements and execution
 of our strategy and for other purposes, and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital
or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

We
completed the sale of 15,000,000 units (the public units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the public
units being offered, the public shares at 10.00 per public unit on November 8, 2021. Simultaneous with the closing of
the initial public offering, we completed the sale of 7,900,000 private placement warrants (the private warrants at a
price of 1.00 per private warrant in a private placement to Finnovate Sponsor, LP (our sponsor as well as to EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc., generating gross proceeds of 

 7,900,000
from the sale of the private warrants. 

On
November 12, 2021, we closed on the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option which resulted in the sale of an additional
2,250,000 public units for additional gross proceeds to us of 22,500,000 and aggregate initial public offering and over- allotment gross
proceeds of 172,500,000. Simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment, the sponsor purchased an additional 900,000 private
warrants which resulted in additional gross proceeds of 900,000 and aggregate private placement proceeds from the initial public offering
and over-allotment of 8,800,000. 

Following
the closing of the initial public offering on November 8, 2021 and the subsequent exercise of the over-allotment option, 175,950,000 10.20 per public unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the public units in the IPO and the sale of the private warrants was placed
in a trust account, located in the United States at a nationally recognized financial institution, with Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company acting as trustee (the trust account ), and invested only in in United States government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee will not be permitted to invest in other securities or assets. 

Results
of Operations 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from March 15, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2022, relates to our formation and initial public offering that occurred on November 8, 2021, and, since the completion of the initial
public offering, searching for a target to consummate an initial business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until
after the completion of an initial business combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income from the proceeds derived from the initial public offering and placed in the trust account. There has been no significant change
in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements,
December 31, 2022. 

50 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 1,110,622 consisting of 1,472,416 in formation, general and administrative
expenses offset by 2,583,038 in interest earned on the Bank Account and the Investment held in Trust Account. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of 639,546 consisting primarily of general and administrative expenses. The increase
in net income for the current year was primarily the result of favorable interest rates, which garnered 2,583,038 in income. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash outside our trust account of 244,179, available for working capital needs. All remaining cash was
held in the trust account and is generally unavailable for our use, prior to an initial business combination. 

As
noted above, pursuant to our initial public offering on November 8, 2021 and the full exercise of the over-allotment option on November
12, 2021, we sold 17,250,000 public units at a price of 10.00 per public unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 172,500,000. These
funds as well as a portion of the 8,800,000 in proceeds from the sale of private warrants were placed in the trust account such that
the trust account held an aggregate of 175,900,000, or 10.20 per public unit, as of November 12, 2021. These funds are to be invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180
days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7
of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, 178,531,059 of the initial public offering proceeds
as well as interest earned thereon were held in the trust account. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
our initial shareholders or their affiliates or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as
may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts (subject to the conversion rights
described below). In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to
 1,500,000 of such loans may at the option of the lender determined at the time of the loan be convertible into warrants at a price of
 1.00 per warrant of the post initial business combination entity. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants, including
as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period of the underlying warrants. As of December 31, 2022, we had 449,765 of outstanding
borrowings under the working capital loan. 

We
expect our primary liquidity requirements prior to our initial business combination to include approximately 280,000 for legal, accounting,
due diligence, travel and other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; 75,000
for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements, including Nasdaq and other regulatory fees; 54,000 for administrative
and support services; and approximately 841,000 for working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves, including
D O insurance. The current cash outside our trust account is not sufficient to provide for these anticipated liquidity requirements,
and thus we will require additional loans from our sponsor or management team, or additional resources from a third party, to fund these
activities. There is no guarantee that our sponsor or management team will provide those additional loans or that we will receive additional
resources from a third party. 

These
amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being
placed in the trust account to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business
or as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from shopping 
around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular
proposed initial business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where
we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific initial business combination and the amount of our available funds at
the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds
to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses. 

The
Company has until May 8, 2023 to complete a Business Combination. It is unlikely that the Company will be able to consummate an initial
Business Combination by this time. If an initial Business Combination is not consummated by this date and the Company has not exercised
its option to extend the deadline in accordance with the terms of the
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association , there will be a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution of the Company. 

51 

These
conditions, involving liquidity concerns and mandatory liquidation, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. It is
unlikely that the Company s plan to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within 18 months from the closing of
the IPO to complete a Business Combination (with such 18-month period ending on May 8, 2023). The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

If
the Company is not able to consummate a Business Combination before May 8, 2023, the Company will commence an automatic winding up, dissolution
and liquidation. Management has determined that the automatic liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent
dissolution also raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. While management intends
to complete a business combination on or before May 8, 2023, it is unlikely that the Company will be able to do so. No adjustments have
been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 8, 2023. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any long-term debt, capital or operating lease obligations. 

We
have entered into an administrative services agreement pursuant to which we are paying our sponsor for office space, utilities and administrative
support services, in an amount of 3,000 per month. 

We
have engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with our initial business combination to assist us in holding meetings with
our shareholders to discuss the potential initial business combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential
investors that are interested in purchasing our securities in connection with our initial business combination, assist us in obtaining
shareholder approval for the initial business combination and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with
the initial business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business
combination in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of our initial public offering (exclusive of any applicable finders 
fees which might become payable). 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Management s
discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our audited financial information.
We describe our significant accounting policies in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Financial
Statements included in this Annual Report, with those considered critical outlined below. Our audited financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Certain of our accounting policies require that management apply significant judgments in defining
the appropriate assumptions integral to financial estimates. On an ongoing basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions,
estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Judgments are
based on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, industry trends and information available from outside sources, as appropriate.
However, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, and, therefore, actual results could differ from
our estimates. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are
classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares
that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain
events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified
as shareholder s equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our
control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are
presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholder s equity section of the balance sheet. 

Immediately
upon the closing of the initial public offering, we recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount. Increases
or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated
deficit. 

52 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income (loss) per share is computed
by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. We have two classes of
shares, redeemable ordinary shares and non-redeemable ordinary shares. Our redeemable ordinary shares are comprised of Class A shares
sold in the initial public offering. Our non-redeemable shares are comprised of Class A shares held by EarlyBirdCapital and Class B shares
purchased by the sponsor. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Our statement of operations applies
the two-class method in calculating net income (loss) per share. Basic and diluted net loss per share for redeemable ordinary shares
and non-redeemable ordinary shares is calculated by dividing net income (loss), allocated proportionally to each class of ordinary shares,
attributable to us by the weighted average number of shares of redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary shares outstanding. 

The
calculation of diluted income (loss) per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the initial
public offering since exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such rights would
be anti-dilutive. Accretion of the carrying value of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value is excluded from net income (loss) per
redeemable share because the redemption value approximates fair value. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic
income (loss) per share for the period presented. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity. The
update simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by removing certain separation models in Subtopic 470-20, Debt Debt
with Conversion and Other Options for convertible instruments and introducing other changes. As a result of ASU No. 2020-06, more convertible
debt instruments will be accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost and more convertible preference shares will
be accounted for as a single equity instrument measured at its historical cost, as long as no features require bifurcation and recognition
as derivatives. The amendments are effective for smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing what impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would
have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In
June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, ASC Subtopic 820 Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale
Restrictions . The ASU amends ASC 820 to clarify that a contractual sales restriction is not considered in measuring an equity
security at fair value and to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that
are measured at fair value. The ASU applies to both holders and issuers of equity and equity-linked securities measured at fair value.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for the Company in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made
available for issuance. The Company is currently assessing what impact, if any, that ASU 2022-03 would have on its financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. 

We
do not believe that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our financial statements. 

JOBS
Act 

The
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements
for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply
with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing
to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards
on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report
on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure
that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii)
comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the independent
registered public accounting firm s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor
discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation
and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period
of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, 
whichever is earlier. 

53 

Factors
That May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations 

Our
results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could
cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine.
We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to
which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As
of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any material market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our initial public
offering, the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the private placement, including amounts in the trust account, were invested
in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature
of these investments, we believe there was no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

We
have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to
the market risk to which we are exposed. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this Annual Report. An index of those financial statements
is found in Item 15 of Part IV of this Annual Report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There
have been no disagreements with our independent registered public accountants on accounting or financial disclosure matters since inception. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Limitations
on effectiveness of controls and procedures 

In
designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design
of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply
judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our
principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer (our Certifying Officers ), the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting of complex financial instruments
and recognition of unbilled professional fees, as further described below. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. Specifically, we concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex features
of the over-allotment option which was granted to our underwriters in the IPO, as well as the controls around recognition of unbilled professional fees, were not effectively designed or maintained. The over-allotment
option has been fully exercised and as such that complex financial instrument is no longer included in our financial statements. Our management performed additional analysis as deemed
necessary to ensure that our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were prepared in accordance with generally
accepted in the United States of America. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the periods presented. 

54 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management team, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of December
31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

In
light of the material weakness es described above, our management team has performed
additional accounting and financial analyses and other post-closing procedures , 
including consulting with subject matter experts related to the accounting for certain complex features of the over-allotment option
in our IPO as well as the recognition of unbilled professional fees. We have enhanced, and will continue to
enhance, internal controls and procedures, including access to accounting literature, identification and consideration of
third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and implementing additional layers of
reviews in the financial close process . While we have processes to properly identify and
evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we
plan to continue to improve these processes to ensure that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context
of the increasingly complex accounting standards. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

55 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 David
 Gershon 
 
 58 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Ron
 Golan 
 
 57 
 
 Director
 and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Jonathan
 Ophir 
 
 45 
 
 Chief
 Investment Officer 
 
 Uri
 Chaitchik 
 
 52 
 
 Senior
 Consultant 
 
 Mitch
 Garber 
 
 58 
 
 Director

Gustavo
 Schwed 
 
 60 
 
 Director

Nadav
 Zohar 
 
 56 
 
 Director

David
Gershon , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer . Professor Gershon was appointed as a professor at the business school of the
Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 2017. In 2018, Prof. Gershon founded the Gershon Fintech Center at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Mr. Gershon serves as a director of Gershon Capital Ltd. (since 2010). Prof. Gershon is the founder and served as the Chief Executive
Officer of SuperDerivatives Inc., a cloud-based real time market data company that provides derivatives technology and valuation services
for the financial and commodity markets, from 1999 until 2014 when it was sold to the Intercontinental Exchange. Prior to that, from
1998 to 2000, Prof. Gershon served as Global Head of Exotic Options at Barclays Capital at their London headquarters. Early in his career,
Prof. Gershon worked at Barclays Capital New York from 1997 to 1998 and at Deutsche Bank New York from 1994 to 1996. Prof. Gershon has
received numerous awards, including CEO of the Year by Acquisition International in 2016. He was also ranked among the top 50 most influential
people in financial technology by the Institutional Investor magazine in each year from 2004 to 2015. Professor Gershon holds a B.Sc
in Physics and Mathematics from Tel Aviv University, M.Sc in Physics from the Weizman Institute, MBA in Finance from the Tel Aviv University,
Ph.D in Physics from the Tel Aviv University and M.Sc in Finance from Kellog School of Management. 

Ron
Golan , Chief Financial Officer . Mr. Golan has more than twenty years of experience in investment banking and capital markets.
Mr. Golan serves as a director of GCM Capital LTD (since April 2019), GCM Advisors LTD (since April 2019) and as a Trustee of the British
Friends of Kishorit, a UK charity (since November 2019). From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Golan was a Managing Director at VTB Capital Plc, based
in London with responsibility for coverage of Israel and Africa. From 2013 to 2015, Mr. Golan was global co-head of investment banking
at Renaissance Capital, based in London, where he helped develop the firm s international business. Prior to that, from 1997 to
2012, Mr. Golan worked for Morgan Stanley as a member of the Morgan Stanley real estate funds and private equity investment teams before
serving as the head of investment banking and capital markets at Morgan Stanley for Israel, Central and Eastern Europe, and Africa. Mr.
Golan holds an MBA from Harvard Business School 

Jonathan
Ophir , Chief Investment Officer. Mr. Ophir is an seasoned investment professional , with more than fifteen
years of international experience in investment management, mergers and acquisitions, finance and law. Mr. Ophir is currently a managing
partner at Frontier Capital, Ltd. a family office and investment banking firm founded in 2022, and managing partner of Finova Capital,
a hedge fund he founded in 2019 that specializes in digital assets and blockchain technology investments.. Prior to founding Finova Capital,
Mr. Ophir served in a variety of positions at Altshuler Shaham Investment House, a leading 50 billion Israeli asset manager, from February
2013 until March 2019, including head of the credit division, investment committee member, credit committee member and board member.
Mr. Ophir also served as Executive Vice President at the U.S. real estate group of Kushner Companies from January 2020 until June 2021,
as VP of Investments at Origo Investments G.P. an Israeli private equity/debt fund from March 2010 until January 2013, as an investment
banker for Raymond James Financial, a publicly traded company on the NYSE (NYSE: RJF), from September 2008 until October 2009, and as
a lawyer for Paul Weiss Rifkind, Wharton Garrison LLP in New York City from September 2005 until August 2008. Mr. Ophir holds a
LL.M. in law and Executive M.B.A. from New York University, and an LL.B. in law and B.A. in economics from Tel- Aviv University. Mr.
Ophir is admitted to practice law in both Israel and New York State Bar. 

Uri
Chaitchik , Senior Consultant . Mr. Chaitchik is an entrepreneur and investor with twenty five years of experience in the high-tech,
real estate, shipping and upscale art markets. Mr. Chaitchik has served as Chief Executive Officer of Netivim ASP Ltd., a real estate
company listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, since 1999Mr. Chaitchik is currently the Chairman of the Board of Directors of TrafficPoint. 

Mitch
Garber , Director . Mr. Garber was CEO of Paysafe (formerly Optimal Payments), from 2003 to 2006, PartyGaming Plc / PartyBwin
from 2006 to 2008 and Caesars Interactive Entertainment and Caesars Acquisition Company from 2009 to 2017. Under his leadership at Caesars,
Mr. Garber purchased, developed and ultimately sold Playtika, an Israeli-based mobile games business. Mr. Garber minority owner and Executive
Committee member of the NHL Seattle Kraken, and also serves as a director of Rackspace Technology (since 2016), Aiola (since 2020), Shutterfly
(since 2019), and Lanvin Group (formerly Fosun Fashion Group (since 2019). From 2015 to 2020, Mr. Garber was the non-executive Chairman
of Cirque du Soleil. Mr. Garber holds a BA from McGill University, a JD and an honorary doctorate from the University of Ottawa and honorary
doctorate from the University of Montreal and was awarded the prestigious Order of Canada in 2019. 

56 

Gustavo
Schwed , Director . Mr. Schwed is a professor of management practice at the Leonard N. Stern School of Business, New York University
and a visiting professor at Princeton University. Mr. Schwed currently serves on the Board of Oliver Scholars, where he is Treasurer
and Chair of the Finance Committee. Mr. Schwed also is the Chairman of the Venture Capital and Private Equity Committee of Swarthmore s
Investment Committee, in charge of selection of private equity and venture capital managers for the College s endowment. Prior
to his academic career, Mr. Schwed had a 24-year career in the venture capital and private equity industries. From 2004 to 2012, Mr.
Schwed was a partner and Managing Director at Providence Equity Partners, the world s largest private equity firm specializing
in media and telecommunications. Working in the London office of Providence Equity Partners, he was one of the partners responsible for
the firm s European business. While at Providence Equity Partners, Mr. Schwed led, among other deals, the largest leveraged buyout
in European history at the time. Mr. Schwed was also a member of the firm s Valuation Committee and Portfolio Committee, which
was responsible for the oversight of the firm s portfolio of over fifty companies. From 1998 to 2004, Mr. Schwed was a Managing
Director of Morgan Stanley Private Equity, where he launched and ran the firm s Latin American private equity business out of the
firm s Sao Paulo office and became the Chairman of the firm s Global Emerging Markets Fund, Morgan Stanley s vehicle
for private equity investing in Latin America, Asia, and Central Europe. Mr. Schwed subsequently moved to London where he became one
of three partners running Morgan Stanley s European private equity business and a member of the investment committee. From 1995
to 1998, Mr. Schwed was an Executive Director at Bassini, Playfair + Associates (BPA). He began his post MBA career at the New York office
of Sprout Group, the venture capital affiliate of Donaldson, Lufkin Jenrette (DLJ) where he developed the firm s practice
in medical devices venture investing. Professor Schwed holds a BA with High Honors from Swarthmore College and an MBA from the Stanford
University Graduate School of Business. 

Nadav
Zohar , Director . Mr. Zohar is the Chairman of LRC Europe, a property and property technology company with 6 billion
in assets under management. Since 2006, Mr. Zohar has been the ultimate beneficial owner of Impact Equity, an advisory and investment
firm specializing in Israeli-related technology investing. Since joining Impact Equity, Mr. Zohar has advised it on several transactions
including: an investment in Soluto Inc., which was sold to Asurian Inc. for approximately 130 million in 2013; an investment in REE
Automotive, which became a public company in 2021 through a merger with blank check company 10X Capital (Nasdaq Ticker VCVC) for a combined
value of about 3.1 billion in 2021; the sale of Eglue, a customer service technology company to Nice (Nasdaq Ticker NICE); and, the
sale of Intellinx, an enterprise security technology company to Bottomline Inc. (Nasdaq Ticker EPAY). In addition, he advised XLMedia
(London XLM) in pre-IPO and IPO matters and Delek Global Real Estate in its IPO on the AIM market in London. Mr. Zohar has also served
as Chairman of Stoa Inc., a property technology company based in Phoenix, Arizona, since 2017. Additionally, he currently serves on the
Board of Allot Communications, a Nasdaq listed company based in Tel Aviv. Mr. Zohar has over 24-years of experience in the venture capital
and investment banking industries. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Zohar was the head of business development for Gett, a European ride hailing
platform where he was responsible for the strategic partnership and 300 million fund raise from VW. From 2007 to 2008, Mr. Zohar served
as COO of Delek Global Real Estate. Prior to that, from 1999 to 2006, Mr. Zohar was an Executive Director at Morgan Stanley responsible
for building the investment banking business in Israel as part of the global technology team. While at Morgan Stanley, from 2005 to 2006,
Mr. Zohar was part of the Morgan Stanley Private Equity coverage group which provided leveraged buyout advice to leading European private
equity firms, a role he held after serving in the European Banking Operations Office from 2003 to 2005, working with the head of banking,
Bob Bradway, to restructure the banking operation after the dot-com market crash in 2000. From 1996 to 1999, Mr. Zohar was a Vice President
at Lehman Brothers International where he advised European Telecommunication companies on European wide consolidation efforts and investments.
From 1991 to 1996, Mr. Zohar was an associate at Gouldens Solicitors (now Jones Day). Mr. Zohar holds a LLB with Honors from Reading
University and a Master of Finance from the London Business School where he graduated with merit. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors consists of five members. Prior to consummation of our initial public offering, holders of our founders shares appointed
each of our directors for a two-year term. Holders of our public shares do not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors
during such term. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association regarding director term may only
be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Subject to any other special
rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of
the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founders shares. Our officers are
appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office.
Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may
consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries,
Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An
 independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries
or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the
director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined
that each of our independent directors, Gustavo Schwed, Mitch Garber and Nadav Zohar, is an independent director as defined
in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee and compensation committee is entirely composed of independent
directors meeting Nasdaq s and the SEC s additional requirements applicable to members of those committees. In addition,
our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

57 

Officer
and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers or directors or our senior consultant has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Each of our independent
director invested, prior to the closing of our initial public offering, as a limited partner holding a minority, non-controlling interest
in our sponsor and therefore holds an indirect interest in the founders shares held by our sponsor. In addition, our sponsor, officers
and directors, senior consultant, and any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. In addition, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor, which
will not be paid from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business
combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry,
financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess,
negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the
prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee.
Our audit committee will also review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their
affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known,
in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the
post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers
will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant
to Nasdaq listing rules, we have established two standing committees - an audit committee in compliance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the
Exchange Act and a compensation committee, each comprised of independent directors. Under Nasdaq listing rule 5615(b)(1), a company listing
in connection with its initial public offering is permitted to phase in its compliance with the independent committee requirements. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Gustavo Schwed, Mitch Garber and Nadav Zohar each serve as members of
our audit committee and Nadav Zohar serves as its chairman. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required
to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each
such member of our audit committee meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1)
of the Exchange Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Nadav Zohar qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged
 by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

58 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal
 quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review,
 of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years
 respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting
 to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent
 auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including
 any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues
 regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Gustavo Schwed and Mitch Garber each serve as members of our compensation
committee and Nadav Zohar serves as its chairman. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have
at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each member
of our compensation committee meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and Rule 10C-1 of the Exchange Act
applicable to members of the compensation committee 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation
 (if any is paid by us), evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
 and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation and any incentive-compensation of all of our
 other officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating
Committee 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
The independent director who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Gustavo Schwed, Mitch
Garber and Nadav Zohar. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing
nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place at this time. 

59 

Prior
to our initial business combination, in the event of a vacancy in our board of directors, the board will also consider director candidates
recommended for nomination by holders of our ordinary shares, for appointment by the remaining members of our board then still serving.
During the entire period until our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, and not holders of our
Class A ordinary shares, will have the right to appoint members of our board. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors will consider educational background, diversity
of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee
of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Because our Class A ordinary shares were not registered under the Exchange Act during the year
ended December 31, 2022, during that year, there were no delinquent filers. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees (our Code of Ethics ). Our Code of Ethics
is available on our website. Our Code of Ethics is a code of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We will
make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Ethics on our website. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Certain
of our executive officers and directors have or may have fiduciary and contractual duties to certain companies in which they have invested.
These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be
precluded from pursuing it. However, we do not expect these duties to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for
an initial business combination. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty
 to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty
 to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

duty
 to not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty
 not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests;
 and 

duty
 to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
which that director has. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position at the expense of the company. However, in some instances what would otherwise
be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by
the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively
by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

60 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law,
required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity,
subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations
of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as
a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly
or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy
in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for
any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other
material management relationships: 

Individual

Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 

David
 Gershon 
 
 Gershon
 Capital Ltd 
 
 Family
 office 
 
 Chairman 

Ron
 Golan 
 
 GCM
 Capital LTD 
 
 Strategic
 advisory 
 
 Director 

GCM
 Advisors LTD 
 
 Strategic
 advisory 
 
 Director 

British
 Friends of Kishorit 
 
 UK
 Charity 
 
 Trustee 

Jonathan
 Ophir 
 
 Finova
 Capital 
 
 Hedge
 Fund 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Mitch
 Garber 
 
 Rackspace
 Technology Inc. 
 
 Cloud
 computing 
 
 Director 

Shutterfly
 LLC. 
 
 Photography
 and image sharing 
 
 Director 

Lanvin
 Group (formerly Fosun Fashion Group) 
 
 Fashion
 industry 
 
 Director 

Aiola
 Ltd. 
 
 Software
 development 
 
 Director 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest
 in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities
 that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have
 conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description
 of our management s other affiliations, see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 

Our
 initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founders shares and any public shares held
 by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into
 the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. Additionally,
 our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founders shares if we fail to consummate
 our initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of our initial public offering (with such 18 month period ending
 on May 8, 2023). However, if our initial shareholders or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire public shares in or
 after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such
 public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our
 initial business combination within such applicable time period, the remaining proceeds of the sale of the private warrants that
 are held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private warrants will expire worthless.
 With certain limited exceptions, the founders shares and private warrants will be subject to the following transfer restrictions: 

The
 founders shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial shareholders, and will remain in escrow, until the
 earlier of (i) 180 days after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we consummate
 a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction after our initial business combination
 that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

With
 certain limited exceptions, the private warrants and underlying securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our
 sponsor until after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly
 or indirectly own ordinary shares and warrants following our initial public offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict
 of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
 combination. 

61 

Our
 officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business
 combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result,
 may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
 or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect
 to our initial business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to their involvement in other special purpose acquisition companies
 seeking business combinations. 

The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we would obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. 

In
addition, our sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with the initial business
combination, although our sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates
elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our sponsor s motivation to complete an initial
business combination. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed
(and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founders
shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered
into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

As
we are a Cayman Islands exempted company, the laws of the Cayman Islands will be relevant to the provisions relating to indemnification
of our directors and officers. Although the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands does not specifically restrict a Cayman
Islands exempted company s ability to indemnify its directors or officers, it does not expressly provide for such indemnification
either. Certain Commonwealth case law (which is likely to be persuasive in the Cayman Islands), however, indicates that the indemnification
is generally permissible, unless there had been willful default, willful neglect, breach of fiduciary duty, unconscionable behavior or
behavior which falls within the broad stable of conduct identifiable as equitable fraud on the part of the director or
officer in question.. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and
directors out of our assets against any liability incurred in their capacities as such, as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying
out their functions, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. 

No
such director or officer shall be liable to us for any loss or damage in carrying out their functions unless that liability arises through
the actual fraud, willful neglect or willful default of such director or officer. 

We
have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the
cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers
and directors. We have also entered into indemnity agreements with our officers and directors and with our senior consultant. 

Our
officers, directors and senior consultant have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in
the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of,
or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly,
any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if we (i) have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or
(ii) consummate an initial business combination. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent
we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as well as the insurance and the indemnity
agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

62 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

None
of our officers or directors or our senior consultant has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Each of our independent
directors invested, prior to the closing of our initial public offering, as a limited partner holding a minority, non-controlling interest
in our sponsor and therefore holds an indirect interest in the founders shares held by our sponsor. In addition, our sponsor, officers
and directors, senior consultant, and any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. In addition, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor, which
will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business
combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry,
financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess,
negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the
prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee.
Our audit committee will also review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their
affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known,
in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the
post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers
will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee
of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Class A ordinary shares as of March 20, 2023 by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares; 

each
 of our officers, directors and director nominees; and 

all
 our officers, directors and director nominees as a group. 

63 

Beneficial
ownership is presented in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and generally reflects voting
and/or investment power with respect to our ordinary shares. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table
have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect
record or beneficial ownership of the private warrants, as those warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 20, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Class A Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage 
 of Issued and 
 Outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares (2) 
 
 5 or Greater Shareholders 

Finnovate Sponsor, LP and affiliated entities (3) 
 4,237,500 (4) 
 19.5 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (5) 
 1,315,272 
 6.1 
 
 Cantor Fitzgerald Securities (6) 
 970,268 
 4.47 
 
 Bank Of Montreal (7) 
 1,065,739 
 4.91 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 

David Gershon 

Ron Golan 

Mitch Garber 
 25,000 (4) 

Gustavo Schwed 
 25,000 (4) 

Nadav Zohar 
 25,000 (4) 

Jonathan Ophir 

All officers, directors and director nominees as a group (six individuals) 
 75,000 (4) 
 0.4 

Less
 than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is The White House, 20 Genesis Close, George
 Town, Grand Cayman KY1 1208, Cayman Islands. 

(2) 
 Beneficial
 ownership percentage is calculated on the basis of 21,712,500 Class A ordinary shares (which includes 4,312,500 Class A ordinary
 shares issuable upon conversion of an equivalent number of Class B ordinary shares) as of April 12, 2022. Other than the foregoing
 conversion provisions, Class B ordinary shares have the same rights as Class A ordinary shares, except that only Class B ordinary
 shares have the right to vote in the election of directors, as described below. 

(3) 
 The
 shares reported in this row are held of record by our sponsor, Finnovate Sponsor L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. Finnovate
 Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that is wholly-owned by Mr. Gershon, Mr. Golan and Mr. Uri Chaitchik, serves as
 the sole general partner of our sponsor. Mr. Gershon, Mr. Golan and Mr. Chaitchik serve as the directors of the general partner,
 and make all investment and voting decisions by majority vote. The limited partnership interests of our sponsor are held by various
 individuals and entities. Mr. Gershon, Mr. Golan and Mr. Chaitchik disclaim beneficial ownership of the securities held by our sponsor
 other than to the extent of their direct or indirect pecuniary interest in such securities. Each of our officers, directors and director
 nominees are direct and indirect members of our sponsor, or have direct or indirect economic interests in our sponsor. Mr. Chaitchik
 serves the company as Senior Consultant. 

(4) 
 These
 shares consist solely of founders shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class
 A ordinary shares on the first business day following our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
 as described in section Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

(5) 
 Based
 on the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, the ordinary shares are beneficially owned by Saba Capital Management,
 L.P., Saba Capital Management GP, LLC and Boaz R. Weinstein, each of which has a business office address of 405 Lexington Avenue,
 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. The funds and accounts advised by Saba Capital have the right to receive the dividends from
 and proceeds of sales from the ordinary shares. 

(6) 
 Based
 on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on August 17, 2022, the ordinary shares are beneficially owned by Cantor Fitzgerald Securities
 CFS ). CF Group Management, Inc. CFGM is the managing general partner of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. Cantor and directly or indirectly controls the managing general partner of CFS. Mr. Lutnick is Chairman and Chief Executive of CFGM and
 trustee of CFGM s sole stockholder. Cantor, indirectly, holds a majority of the ownership interests of CFS. As such, each of
 Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities directly held by CFS. Each such entity
 or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have
 therein, directly or indirectly. Each of Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick has a business office address of 110 East 59th Street, New
 York, New York 10022. 

(7) 
 Based
 on the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 6, 2023, the ordinary shares are beneficially owned by Bank Of Montreal. The
 beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares as reported in the Schedule 13G/A was as follows: Bank of Montreal (1,065,739 ordinary
 shares), Bank of Montreal Holding Inc. (18,939 ordinary shares), BMO Nesbitt Burns Holdings Corporation (18,939 ordinary shares),
 BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. (18,939 ordinary shares), BMO Financial Corp. (721,800 ordinary shares), BMO Capital Markets Corp. (721,800
 ordinary shares) and 325,000 ordinary shares beneficially owned by an unidentified entity. Each of Bank of Montreal, Bank of Montreal
 Holding Inc., BMO Nesbitt Burns Holdings Corporation, BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc., BMO Financial Corp. and BMO Capital Markets Corp. has
 a business office address of 100 King Street West, 21st Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5X 1A1, Canada. 

Prior
to our initial business combination, only holders of our founders shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors,
and holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. In addition, because of
their current beneficial ownership block of approximately 19.5 , our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome
of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association and approval of significant corporate transactions. 

64 

Concurrently
with the closings of our initial public offering, our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital purchased, in the aggregate, 8,800,000 private warrants
at a price of 1.00 per warrant 8,800,000) in a private placement. Our sponsor purchased 8,243,038 of these warrants and EarlyBirdCapital
purchased 556,962 of these warrants. Each whole private warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole ordinary share at 11.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as provided herein. The purchase price of the private warrants was added to the proceeds from our initial public
offering held in the trust account pending our completion of our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business
combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering (with such 18-month period ending on May 8, 2023), the proceeds
of the sale of the private warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private
warrants will expire worthless. The private warrants are subject to the transfer restrictions described below. The private warrants will
not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the sponsor, EarlyBirdCapital or their respective permitted transferees. If the private
warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor, EarlyBirdCapital or their respective permitted transferees, the private warrants
will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial public
offering. Otherwise, the private warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units
in our initial public offering. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors and senior consultant are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the
federal securities laws. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence in our prospectus
for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. 

Transfers
of Founders Shares and Private Warrants 

The
founders shares and private warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof (as applicable) are each
subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the letter agreement to be entered into by our initial shareholders
with us. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable: 

(i)
in the case of the founders shares, until 180 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The founders shares will
also be released from lock-up, if sooner than the above, on the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share
exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders
having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property 

(ii)
in the case of the private warrants, and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, until after the completion of our initial
business combination. 

The
above-described transfer restrictions are subject to an exception, in each case, for transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any
affiliates or family members of our officers or directors, any members of our sponsor, or any affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case
of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member
of the individual s immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual,
by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified
domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices
no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; (f) in the event of our liquidation prior to our completion
of our initial business combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or our sponsor s limited partnership agreement,
as amended, upon liquidation of our sponsor; or (h) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that
in the case of clauses (a) through (e) or (g) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by
these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements entered into by our sponsor with respect to such securities (including provisions
relating to voting, the trust account and liquidation distributions described elsewhere in this Annual Report). 

The
holders of the EBC founder shares are subject to a lock-up restriction, which will remain in effect until three months after the completion
of our initial business combination. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founders shares, private warrants (and shares underlying the private warrants), EBC founder shares and warrants that may
be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private warrants or warrants
issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founders shares), are entitled to registration rights
pursuant to an agreement signed on the effective date of our initial public offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are
entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founders shares can elect to
exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these Class B ordinary shares are to
be released from their transfer restrictions. The holders of a majority of the EBC founder shares, private warrants (and shares underlying
the private warrants) and warrants issued to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans
made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital and its designees may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the
five-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement for our initial public offering. In addition, the holders
have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation
of a business combination; provided, however, that EarlyBirdCapital may participate in a piggy-back registration only during
the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement for our initial public offering. We will bear the
expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

65 

Notwithstanding
the registration rights described above, the EBC founder shares and private warrants (and shares underlying the private warrants) purchased
by EarlyBirdCapital and its designees have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant
to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). In addition, the EBC founder shares and private warrants (and shares underlying the private warrants) purchased
by EarlyBirdCapital and its designees may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a 180-day
period following the effective date of our final initial public offering prospectus except to any selected dealer participating in the
offering and the bona fide officers or partners of the underwriter and any such participating selected dealer. 

Officer
and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers or directors or our senior consultant has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Each of our independent
directors invested, prior to the closing of our initial public offering, as a limited partner holding a minority, non-controlling interest
in our sponsor and therefore holds an indirect interest in the founders shares held by our sponsor. In addition, our sponsor, officers
and directors, senior consultant, and any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. In addition, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor, which
will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business
combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry,
financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess,
negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the
prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee.
Our audit committee will also review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their
affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known,
in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the
post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers
will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

In
March 2021, our sponsor purchased 4,312,500 founders shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.0058 per
share. A total of 75,000 founders shares were transferred to our independent directors following their appointment. 

Our
sponsor has purchased, in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, an aggregate
of, 8,243,038 private warrants at a price of 1.00 per private warrant 8,243,038 in the aggregate). Each private warrant is exercisable
to purchase one whole ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Our sponsor is permitted to transfer
the private warrants held by it to certain permitted transferees, including our officers and directors and other persons or entities
affiliated with or related to them, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect
to such securities as our sponsor. Otherwise, these warrants will generally not be transferable or salable until after the completion
of our initial business combination. 

The
founders shares constitute 25 of the public shares sold in our initial public offering. Our sponsor did not purchase any units in our
initial public offering. 

We
entered into an Administrative Services Agreement on November 8, 2021, pursuant to which we pay our sponsor 3,000 per month for office
space, utilities and administrative support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will
cease paying any of these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum
18 months, our sponsor will be paid 3,000 per month 54,000 in the aggregate) for office space, utilities and administrative support
services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

66 

In
addition, each of our independent directors invested, prior to the closing of our initial public offering, as a limited partner holding
a minority, non-controlling interest in our sponsor and therefore holds an indirect interest in the founders shares held by our sponsor. 

As
more fully discussed in Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, if any of
our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to
which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he
or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination
opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an
opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer,
on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Our
officers and directors currently have and will in the future have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may,
subject to applicable law, take priority over their duties to us. Our sponsor, officers and directors, senior consultant or any of their
respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective
affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

At
the closing of our initial business combination, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor, which
will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business
combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry,
financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess,
negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the
prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee
pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

As
of the date of the final prospectus in our initial public offering, our sponsor had agreed to loan us up to 250,000 under a promissory
note to be used for a portion of the expenses of the initial public offering. We repaid this promissory note in full on November 8, 2021.
In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with our initial business combination,
the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor may, but is not obligated to, provide us with working capital loans. Any such loans would
be on an interest-free basis. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay the working capital loans out of the proceeds
of the trust account released to us. In the event that an initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds
held outside the trust account to repay the working capital loans, but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the
working capital loans. At the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into warrants
of the post initial business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants.
As of December 31, 2022, we had 449,765 of outstanding borrowings under such working capital loans. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest bearing basis
as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial
business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned
amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of those loans may be converted into
warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants issued
and sold to our sponsor in a private placement which occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Except
as set forth above, the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as
we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to
funds in our trust account. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founders shares, private warrants, EBC founder shares and warrants
issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any), which is described under the heading Registration Rights. 

67 

We
entered into indemnity agreements with each of our officers and directors and our senior consultant, a form of which is filed as an exhibit
to this Annual Report. Those agreements require us to indemnify those individuals to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Cayman
Islands law and to hold harmless, exonerate and advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they
could be indemnified. 

Related
Party Transactions Policies 

We
have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions
discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We
have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interest, except under guidelines or resolutions
approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under
our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any
indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. Our Code of Ethics is available on our website. 

Our
audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, is responsible
for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority
of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party
transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written
consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction. Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to
our company from a financial point of view. 

Furthermore,
no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or any of their
affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than
the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants
held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment
 of an aggregate of up to 250,000 in loans that may be made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

Repayment
 of an aggregate of up to 1,500,000 in working capital loans that may be made to us by our sponsor to cover working capital needs; 

Payment
 to our sponsor of 3,000 per month for office space, utilities and administrative support services; 

Reimbursement
 for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; 

Repayment
 of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction
 costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written
 agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of those loans may be converted into warrants, at a price of 1.00
 per warrant at the option of the lender; and 

At
 the closing of our initial business combination, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor.
 We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial
 or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess,
 negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon
 the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit
 committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of
 interest. 

The
above payments may be funded using the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants not held in the
trust account or, upon completion of the initial business combination, from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account
released to us in connection therewith. 

Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that are made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates 

68 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An
 independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries
or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the
director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined
that each of our independent directors, Gustavo Schwed, Mitch Garber and Nadav Zohar, is an independent director as defined
in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee and compensation committee will each be entirely composed
of independent directors meeting Nasdaq s and the SEC s additional requirements applicable to members of those committees.
In addition, our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements
and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for
professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our
Forms 10-K for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31,
2022 totaled 154,500 and 161,135, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit
committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to
performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services
include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and
reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the years
ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31,
2022. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior
to the completion of the audit). 

PART
IV 

Item
15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements. 

Balance Sheet 

Statements of Operations 

Statements of Changes in Shareholder s Equity 

Statement of Cash Flows 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules: None. 

69 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement, dated November 3, 2021, by and between the registrant and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., as underwriter. (1) 
 
 1.2 
 
 Business
 Combination Marketing Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, by and between the Registrant and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., as advisor (2) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant. (3) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (4) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate. (5) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (6) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (7) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, by and among the Registrant, its officers and directors and Finnovate Sponsor LP. (8) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (9) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, by and between the Registrant and certain security holders. (10) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, between the Registrant and Finnovate Sponsor, L.P. (11) 
 
 10.5.1 
 
 Private
 Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Finnovate Sponsor US LP. (12) 
 
 10.5.2 
 
 Private
 Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, by and between the Registrant and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (13) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreement entered into between the Registrant and each of its executive officers and directors. (14) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021 
 
 (2) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 1.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021 
 
 (3) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
 November 8, 2021 
 
 (4) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 260261) filed
 with the SEC on October 15, 2021 
 
 (5) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 260261) filed
 with the SEC on October 15, 2021 
 
 (6) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333- 260261) filed
 with the SEC on October 15, 2021 
 
 (7) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021 
 
 (8) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021 
 
 (9) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021 
 
 (10) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021 
 
 (11) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021 
 
 (12) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021 
 
 (13) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021 
 
 (14) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-260261) filed
 with the SEC on October 15, 2021 

Filed
 herewith. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

70 

FINNOVATE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 
 72 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021 
 73 

Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 74 

Statements of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 75 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from March 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 77 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 78 

71 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Finnovate Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Finnovate Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in shareholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 15, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from March 15, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan is dependent
on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient
to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial
statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 13, 2023 

72 

FINNOVATE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

As of 
 As of 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Prepaid expenses non-current 
 - 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 
 - 

Working capital loan - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Due to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Working capital loan - related party 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, at redemption value 

Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

Preference Shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A Ordinary Shares, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Class B Ordinary Shares, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Ordinary shares value 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

73 

FINNOVATE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the period from March 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Formation, general and administrative expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other income (expense) 

Excess fair value of transfer of Founder Shares transferred to Directors 
 - 

Interest earned on Investment held in Trust Account 

Interest earned on Bank Account 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense) 

Net Income (Loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per redeemable ordinary share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per non-redeemable ordinary share 

Basic
 and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

74 

FINNOVATE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Deficit 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

75 

FINNOVATE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 15, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance - March 15, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of Representative Shares 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of Private Placement Warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Remeasurement of Class A redeemable shares to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income/loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

76 

FINNOVATE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the period from March 15 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Income (Loss) 

Excess fair value of Founder Shares transferred to Directors 
 - 

Interest earned on Investment held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid and other 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering expenses 

Due to Related Party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investments Held in Trust Account 
 - 

Net cash used by investing activities 
 - 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Representative Shares 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of Founder Shares 
 - 

Proceeds from affiliate promissory note 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 
 - 

Payment of offering costs 
 - 

Repayment of affiliate promissory note 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash at end of period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Financing Activities: 

Remeasurement of Class A redeemable shares to redemption value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

77 

FINNOVATE
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. The Company was formed for the
purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar
business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to
a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth
company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from March 15, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and its initial public offering (the IPO described below, and,
since the IPO, the search for a target for its Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income
from the proceeds derived from the IPO. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

IPO 

On
November 8, 2021, the Company completed the sale of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of ordinary
shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares at per Unit. On November 12, 2021, the Company closed
on the full over-allotment resulting in the sale of an additional Units. The IPO and subsequent exercise of the over- allotment
generated gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A ordinary shares and
three-quarters of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the sale of private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Finnovate Sponsor, LP (the Sponsor as well
as to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. EarlyBirdCapital ). On November 12, 2021, pursuant to the full exercise of the over- allotment
option, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants. The IPO and subsequent exercise of the over-allotment
generated gross proceeds of from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. 

Following
the closing of the IPO on November 8, 2021 and the subsequent exercise of the over-allotment option, per Unit) from
the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account Trust
Account ), located in the United States at a nationally recognized financial institution, with Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in in United States government securities within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to
the trust agreement, the trustee will not be permitted to invest in other securities or assets. The Trust Account is intended as a holding
place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public
shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Business Combination
or to redeem the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of
this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity;
and (iii) the redemption of all of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination within 18 months from
the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law. If the Company does not invest the proceeds as discussed above, the Company may be
deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. 

Initial
Business Combination 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company
must complete a Business Combination with one or more operating businesses or assets that together have an aggregate fair market value
equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account as defined below (excluding the underwriting commissions and taxes
payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement in connection with
its Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 
or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target business or assets sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). 

The
Company will provide its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion
of the Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided
by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations described herein. 

The
amount in the Trust Account is per public share. The per-share amount the Company will distribute to investors who properly redeem
their shares will not be reduced by the underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter. The redemption rights will
include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption
rights upon the completion of the Business Combination with respect to the warrants. The Company s initial shareholders, directors
and officers have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to the shares of Class B ordinary shares purchased in March 2021 (the Founder Shares , described
in more detail in Note 5) and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of the Business Combination. 

The
Company will only proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either prior to or
upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted
in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rules and the Company
does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Articles
of Association (the Amended and Restated Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or
the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval
in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares, and any Public Shares purchased during
or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public
Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all. 

Notwithstanding
the above, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of
such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section
13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares
with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The
Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with
the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s Business
Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any
other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre- Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

The
Company will have until 18 months from the closing of the IPO to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ).
If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (less up
to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if
any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining
shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The
Sponsor has agreed to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the IPO, such Public Shares will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
The underwriter has agreed to waive it right to its underwriting commission (see Note 8) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other
funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the IPO price per Unit ). 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) per Public Share or (2) such
lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in
the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay franchise and income taxes. This liability
will not apply with respect to claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account
and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the IPO against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to
claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of . The Company s
liquidity needs up to December 31, 2022 had been satisfied by payment from the Sponsor for the Founder Shares, a loan under an unsecured
promissory note from the Sponsor of up to (the Promissory Note and drawdowns against the available working capital
loan (the Working Capital Loan ). The Promissory Note was fully repaid as of November 8, 2021. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor
or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company with funds as may be required
(Working Capital Loans, described in more detail in Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding under the
Working Capital Loan. 

If
the Company is not able to consummate a Business Combination before May 8, 2023, the Company will commence an automatic winding up, dissolution
and liquidation. Management has determined that the automatic liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent
dissolution also raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. While management intends
to complete a Business Combination on or before May 8, 2023, it is uncertain whether the Company will be able to do so. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 8, 2023. 

These
conditions, involving liquidity concerns and mandatory liquidation, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. There is
no assurance that the Company s plan to consummate a Business Combination will be successful or successful within the
Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Our
results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could
cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine.
We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to
which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of such risks and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that they could have a negative
effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, close of the IPO and/or search for a target company, the
specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

and ,
respectively. The Company s portfolio of investments is comprised of investments in money market funds that invest in U.S.
government securities and generally have a readily determinable fair value. The investments in money market funds are presented on the
balance sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities
is included in income on investments held in the Trust Account in the accompanying statement of operations. The estimated fair values
of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

(consisting of of underwriting fee, and of other offering
costs) have been charged to Shareholders Equity. 

- 
 
 Gross Proceeds 
 - 

Less: 

Class A ordinary shares issuance cost 
 - 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and the deferred tax asset was as of December 31, 2022. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

Prior
Period Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share Revision 

The
Company notes that in its 2021 Form 10-K, the calculation of its weighted-average shares outstanding was calculated incorrectly. This
has been amended and revised correctly in this 2022 Form 10-K. The miscalculation of the weighted average shares outstanding had no impact
on the Basic and Diluted net loss per share. 

Units at a price of per Unit. The Company granted the underwriter
a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments Over- Allotment
Units as defined in Note 9), if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 12, 2021, the
Company closed on the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option which resulted in the sale of an additional 
Units. The IPO and subsequent over-allotment exercise generated gross proceeds of 

Each
Unit consists of one share of Class A ordinary shares and three-quarters of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see
Note 7). 

Following
the closing of the IPO on November 8, 2021, and subsequent exercise of the over-allotment an aggregate of per
Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants in the IPO and over-allotment
exercise was deposited into the Trust Account. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account will be invested in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or
in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a- 7 of the
Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. 

Private Placement Warrants bought by the Sponsor,
and bought by EarlyBirdCapital) at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO. Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of the Over-Allotment Units on November 12, 2021, the Company
completed an additional private sale of an aggregate of warrants (the Additional Private Placement Warrants to
the Sponsor, which purchased such warrants, and the underwriter, which purchased such warrants. As a result of the IPO
and subsequent over-allotment exercise, an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants were sold to the Sponsor and
 to EarlyBirdCapital) for gross proceeds of . 

Each
whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share. A portion
of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor have been added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held
in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the
requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

(approximately per share) in consideration for shares of Class B ordinary shares
with par value of . Up to of these Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor if the underwriter s
over-allotment option was not exercised, so that the number of Founder Shares will collectively represent approximately of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. On November 12, 2021 the underwriter fully exercised the over- allotment option which resulted
in the shares no longer being subject to forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor and the Company s directors and executive officers have agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent
to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as
adjusted for share splits, share reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange
their shares of Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

EarlyBirdCapital
Founder Shares 

In
March 2021, the Company issued to EarlyBirdCapital and its designees an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares EBC Founder
Shares at a price of per share. The Company estimated the fair value of the EBC Founder Shares to be based upon
the price of the Founder Shares issued to the Sponsor. The holders of the EBC Founder Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell
any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their conversion rights
(or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The
EBC Founder Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately
following the effective date of the registration statement related to the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule
5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result
in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the
registration statements related to the IPO, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180
days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the IPO except to any underwriter and selected
dealer participating in the IPO and their officers or partners, associated persons or affiliates. 

Director
Shares 

In
October 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to the independent directors Director Shares at a price
of per share. The Company estimated the fair value of the Director Shares to be based upon the price of the Founder
Shares issued to the Sponsor. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
March 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured Promissory Note to the Company, pursuant to which the Company was permitted to borrow an
aggregate principal amount of . The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing, and the Promissory Note was fully repaid as of
November 8, 2021, upon the closing of the IPO. 

In
addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor
or an affiliate of the Sponsor may, but is not obligated to, provide the Company with Working Capital Loans. Any such loans would be
on an interest-free basis. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the
proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a
portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would
be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. At the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private
Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had of outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loan. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

Commencing
on the date that the Company s securities are first listed on a U.S. national securities exchange, the Company has committed to
pay a total of per
month to the Sponsor for office space, utilities and administrative support services. This administrative service arrangement will
terminate upon completion of the Business Combination or liquidation of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 the Company has accrued
 under
the agreement in Due to Related Party and expensed in Formation, general and administrative expenses. 

in a money market fund. The following tables
present information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021: 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

December 31, 2021 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Money market fund 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriter fully exercised this option which closed subsequent
to the IPO. 

EarlyBirdCapital
earned an underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate, upon the closing of the IPO and subsequent exercise
of the full over-allotment option. 

Business
Combination Marketing Agreement 

The
Company has engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with the Business Combination to assist in holding meetings with shareholders
to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors
that are interested in purchasing securities in connection with the Business Combination, assist in obtaining shareholder approval for
the Business Combination and assist with press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will
pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of the Business Combination in an amount equal to , or of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable). 

Placement
Agent Agreement 

In
August 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with EarlyBirdCapital to serve as an exclusive capital markets advisor and placement
agent for the Company in connection with a proposed private placement of the Company s equity or equity-linked, preferred, debt
or debt-like, securities. The Placement Agent will receive a placement fee of of the aggregate purchase price paid by purchasers
of the securities. This fee shall be paid at the closing of the Business Combination from the gross proceeds of the Securities sold.
Additionally, the Company has agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent up to in reasonable expenses in the case of a Business
Combination not closing and up to if a Business Combination does close. A expense advance is payable upon execution
of the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded the nonrefundable expense advance. The Company has not recorded
any amounts related to the placement fee of as of December 31, 2022 as it is contingent upon the closing of the Business Combination. 

preference shares, with a par value of per share, with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
there were shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption). 

Class
B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Holders
of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders
except as required by law. 

The
shares of Class B ordinary shares (Founder Shares) will automatically convert into shares of Class A ordinary shares at the time of a
Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A ordinary shares, or
equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of a Business
Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B ordinary shares shall convert into shares of Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted
(unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to
any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all shares
of Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of
ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the IPO plus all shares of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued
or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in a Business Combination). 

Warrants
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 12 months from the closing
of the IPO and (b) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no
obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class
A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying
its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable, and
the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of a warrant unless the share of Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws
of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities
Act, of the shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, and to maintain the
effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A ordinary shares until the warrants
expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Class A ordinary shares is at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants
to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so
elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will use its commercially reasonably
efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration
statement covering the shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after
the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during
any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially
reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of warrants. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, . 

If
and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, it may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to
register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the IPO. 

88 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on April 13, 2023. 

Finnovate
 Acquisition Corp 

By: 
 /s/
 David Gershon 

Name:
 
 David
 Gershon 

Title: 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following
persons in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 David Gershon 
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 David
 Gershon (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Ron Golan 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Ron
 Golan (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Mitch Garber 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Mitch
 Garber 

/s/
 Gustavo Schwed 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Gustavo
 Schwed 

/s/
 Nadav Zohar 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Nadav
 Zohar 

89 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit 4.5 

Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to
Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

The following description sets forth certain material
terms and provisions of the securities of Finnovate Acquisition Corp we, us or our that are
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description
of our securities is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our securities. This
description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
which are incorporated herein by reference. The summary below is also qualified by reference to the Companies Act (As Revised) (the Companies
Act and common law of the Cayman Islands. 

As of November 8, 2021, we had three classes of securities
registered under the Exchange Act: our Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share; warrants to purchase shares of our Class
A ordinary shares; and units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and three-quarters of a redeemable warrant to purchase one Class
A ordinary share. In addition, this Description of Securities also contains a description of our founders shares, par value 0.0001 per
share founders shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into Class
A ordinary shares. The description of the founders shares is necessary to understand the material terms of the Class A ordinary shares. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and
three-quarters of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50
per share, subject to adjustment as described elsewhere in this Exhibit. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement (as defined herein), a warrant
holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised
at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will
trade. Accordingly, unless you own at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant and if you own units in
multiples of less than four, you will lose a fraction of a warrant. 

The Class A ordinary shares and warrants began to
trade separately on December 8, 2021, upon which unit holders may elect to continue to hold units or to separate their units into the
component pieces. 

Ordinary Shares 

Class A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary
shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders, except as required
by law; provided that, prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote
on the appointment of directors, and holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial
business combination, except as required by law, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together
as a single class. Unless specified in the Companies Act, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable
stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares that are voted is required to approve any matter voted on by our
shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Directors are appointed for a term of two years. There is no cumulative
voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the founders shares purchased
prior to our initial public offering that are voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors prior to our initial
business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out
of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we
may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are
authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in
connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are required to hold an annual general meeting no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the
Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act or our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association for us to hold
annual general meetings in order to elect directors. Consequently, because the term of our directors elected prior to our initial public
offering is for two years, we will not be re-electing directors at our initial annual general meeting held following our initial public
offering. It is also possible that we may not hold an annual general meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association furthermore provide that only our board of directors and not our
shareholders have the right to call a general meeting of shareholders. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, including accrued interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At the completion of our initial business combination, we
will be required to purchase any Class A ordinary shares properly delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. Following our initial public
offering, the amount in the trust account was initially 10.20 per public share. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem
its public shares without voting and, if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination.
Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founders shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares
acquired by them, if any. Permitted transferees of our initial shareholders, officers or directors will be subject to the same obligations. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such
shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section
13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares
sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would
not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination, and those shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell their Excess Shares
on the open market. Additionally, those shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we
complete the business combination. As a result, those shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order
to dispose of those shares, would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the
terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, and EarlyBirdCapital has, pursuant to the underwriting agreement relating to our
initial public offering (the Underwriting Agreement ), agreed to vote their founders shares and EBC founder shares,
respectively, and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated articles of
association and memorandum provide that any of the their provisions, including those related to pre-business combination activity,
may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who, as being entitled to do so, attend and vote
in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy in a general meeting. As a result, if we need to amend our amended and restated
articles of association and memorandum in order to effectuate our initial business combination, in addition to our sponsor s
founder shares and EarlyBirdCapital s EBC founder shares, we would need 10,012,500, or 58.04 , of the 17,250,000 public
shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming (i) all issued and outstanding shares are
voted and (ii) the founder shares and EBC founder shares are voted in favor of a transaction), subject to any higher threshold as is required by Cayman Islands or other applicable law. Our directors and officers have
also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if
any. 

2 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association provide that if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering
(with such 18 month period ending on May 8, 2023), we will (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, subject to funds lawfully available therefor, redeem 100 of the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including accrued
interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the
number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as
shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in
each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to their founders shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
18 months from the closing of our initial public offering. However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares after our initial
public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to those public shares if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders at such time will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference
over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including accrued interest (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable), upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founders Shares 

The founders shares are designated as Class B ordinary
shares and are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in our initial public offering, and holders of
founders shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (1) prior to our initial business combination, only
holders of the founders shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founders shares
may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founders shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as
described in more detail below; (3) our sponsor has entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which it has agreed to waive:
(x) its redemption rights with respect to its founders shares and any public shares held by it in connection with the completion of our
initial business combination (and not seek to sell its shares to us in any tender offer we undertake in connection with our initial business
combination); (y) its redemption rights with respect to its founders shares and any public shares held by it in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders 
ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to the redemption rights
provided to shareholders if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public
offering (with such 18 month period ending on May 8, 2023), as described elsewhere in this Exhibit, or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (z) their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founders shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18
months from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame);
(4) the founders shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares as described below and (5) the founders shares are
entitled to registration rights. In addition, our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement with respect to public
shares acquired by them, if any. 

The founders shares will automatically convert into
Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities convertible
or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in our initial public offering
and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which founders shares will convert into Class A ordinary
shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary shares then in issue) so that the number of
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis,
20 of the sum of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of our initial public offering plus the number of Class
A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
excluding the EBC founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in
our initial business combination and any private warrants issued to our sponsor, a partner or affiliate of our sponsor, or any of our
officers or directors. 

3 

With certain limited exceptions, the founders shares
are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor,
each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until 180 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

Furthermore, all founders shares will also be released
from lock-up, if sooner than the above, on the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Register of Members (Shareholders) 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register
of members (i.e., shareholders) and there shall be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members
of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact
on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman
Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of our initial public
public offering, the register of members was immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Following the update to our register
of members, the shareholders recorded in the register of members are deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name.
However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination as to
whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, a Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register
of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal
position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, the
validity of those shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Preferred Shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association authorize 5,000,000 preferred shares and provide that preferred shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series.
Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series.
Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preferred shares with voting and other rights that could adversely
affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our
board of directors to issue preferred shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a
change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred shares issued and outstanding as of the date hereof.
Although we do not currently intend to issue any preferred shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preferred
shares were issued or registered in our initial public offering. 

Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing
30 days following our initial business combination. However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless our (or another) prospectus
relating to such Class A ordinary shares and the registration statement for our initial public offering of which our (or such other) prospectus
forms a part are then current and in effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if our (or such other) prospectus relating to the Class A
ordinary shares and the registration statement for our initial public offering of which our (or such other) prospectus forms a part are
not then current and in effect (respectively) within 60 business days following the consummation of our initial business combination,
warrant holders may, beginning at such time, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another
exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In the case of a cashless exercise,
each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between
the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair
market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 5 trading days
ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial
business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

4 

The private warrants, as well as any warrants underlying
additional private warrants we issue to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made
to us, will be identical to the warrants underlying the units. 

We may call the warrants for redemption, in whole
and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant 

at any time after the warrants become exercisable; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, the registration statement for our initial public offering of which our prospectus forms a part (or another registration statement) is then in effect with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants. 

The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the
warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a
warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria for our warrants have been
established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient
differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of
our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described
above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 
In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the
difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value.
The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for
the five trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

The warrants were issued in registered form according
to a warrant agreement signed between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us (the Warrant Agreement ).
The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or
correct any defective provision. The Warrant Agreement requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50 
of the then outstanding public warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share capitalization
or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A
ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at
a Newly Issued Price (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement) of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (y) the aggregate gross
proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of
our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
Market Value (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share
redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the
Newly Issued Price. 

5 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the
warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side
of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official
bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders
of Class A ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance
of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all
matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, we have
agreed to use our best efforts to have declared effective a prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants and keep such prospectus current until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able
to do so and, if the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered or exempt from registration, holders
will be unable to exercise their warrants. 

Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction
on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that,
after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise
of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon
exercise, round up to the nearest whole number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any
action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Warrant Agreement, including under the Securities
Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding
or claim. See Risk Factors Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated
by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our
company in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. This exclusive forum provision shall
not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, any other claim for which the federal district
courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A
ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the
discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use
in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant
agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees
against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its
activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified
person or entity. 

6 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies
Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable
to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions
of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In
certain circumstances, the Companies Law allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman
Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman
Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed
information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 66 2 / 3 
in value who attend and vote at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; and (b) such other authorization, if any, as may
be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a
parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary
company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court
waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes
certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign
company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company
are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out
below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign
company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of
those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and
remains issued and outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii)
that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the
foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement
has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended
or restricted. 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands
exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that,
having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able
to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of
the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or
consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and
has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the
foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger
or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction;
and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies
Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the
merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows (a) the shareholder must give
his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including
a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b)
within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give
written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice
from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details,
a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out
in clause (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent
company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares
at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following
the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to
agree on a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any
dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be
accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares
have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares
together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting
shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair
value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not be available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding
shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system
at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities
exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

7 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law also has separate statutory
provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally
be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as
a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme
of arrangement (the procedure of which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate
a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and
creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders
or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or an extraordinary
general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned
by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the
transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the
 scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions 
 as to majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described
below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would otherwise ordinarily be
available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations, providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined
value of the shares. 

Squeeze-out Provisions . When a takeover
offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four months, the offeror may, within
a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be
made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion
or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction
and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through other means to these statutory provisions, such as a share capital
exchange, asset acquisition or control, through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits . Maples and
Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands
court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability
for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against
(for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities
and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands,
exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

8 

the act complained of, although not beyond the
 scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained;
 or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against
us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The
Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally,
Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman)
LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments
of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any
state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are
penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the
United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction
without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an
obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced
in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine
or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained
in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards
of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings
if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies .
We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies
and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands
may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary
company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking
 against the imposition of any future taxation) (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation
in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

9 

Limited liability means that the liability
of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances,
such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which
a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion
of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law,
a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold
specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders who, as being entitled to do so, attend and
vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution
as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written
resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special
resolutions must be approved either by at least holders of two-thirds of the issued shares who as being entitled to do so, attend and
vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy attend and vote at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention
to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or
by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our sponsor and its affiliates will participate in
any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they
choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve; 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

10 

if our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (ii) modify other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including accrued interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares; and 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association will provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination. 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in
the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such
company s issued and outstanding shares present (in person or via proxy) and voting at a general meeting. A company s articles
of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained,
any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles
of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, with the requisite shareholder approval, we could amend any of the provisions relating
to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
Nevertheless, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors,
will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to
redeem their public shares. 

Anti-money laundering Cayman Islands 

If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects
or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved
with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the
course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person is required to report such
knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority, or FRA, of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act
(As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the
rank of constable or higher, or the FRA, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to
involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any
restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 

Cayman Islands Data Protection 

We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act
(As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, or the DPA, based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. 

Privacy Notice 

Introduction 

This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice
that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within
the meaning of the DPA personal data ). 

In the following discussion, the company 
refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

11 

Investor Data 

We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure
personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course
of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities
of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data
in accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures
designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage
to the personal data. 

In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized
as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal
data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPA or may process
personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. 

We may also obtain personal data from other public
sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected
with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature,
nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account
details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

Who this Affects 

If you are a natural person, this will affect you
directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships)
that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the Company, this will
be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them
of its content. 

How the Company May Use Your Personal Data 

The company, as the data controller, may collect,
store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

(i) where this is necessary for the performance of
our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

(ii) where this is necessary for compliance with a
legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or 

(iii) where this is necessary for the purposes of
our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 

Should we wish to use personal data for other specific
purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. 

Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data 

In certain circumstances, we may be legally obliged
to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman
Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including
tax authorities. 

We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons
who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the US, the Cayman Islands
or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. 

The Data Protection Measures We Take 

Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized
affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA. 

We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates
shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful
processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. 

12 

We shall notify you of any personal data breach that
is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant
personal data relates. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares
and preferred shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized
but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preferred shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Shares Eligible for Future Sale 

The Class A ordinary shares sold in in our initial
public offering are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased
by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The founders shares and EBC founder shares are restricted
securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and are subject to transfer
restrictions as set forth elsewhere in this Exhibit. 

Rule 144 

A person who has beneficially owned restricted Class
A ordinary shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not
deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject
to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted
Class A ordinary shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding,
a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number
of shares that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding on an as converted basis; or 

the average weekly trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of
sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell
Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position
that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies,
like us. The SEC has codified and expanded this position by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities issued by any shell
companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company.
The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell its
founders shares and private warrants and EarlyBirdCapital will be able to sell its EBC founder shares pursuant to Rule 144 without registration
one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founders shares, private warrants,
EBC founder shares and warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise
of the private warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founders shares), will
be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement signed prior to our initial public offering. The holders of a majority of
these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founders
shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these Class B ordinary
shares are to be released from their transfer restrictions. The holders of a majority of the EBC founder shares, private warrants and
warrants issued to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying
securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital and its designees may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning
on the effective date of the registration statement for our initial public offering. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination; provided,
however, that EarlyBirdCapital and its designees may participate in a piggy-back registration only during the seven-year
period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement for our initial public offering. We will bear the expenses incurred
in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are
listed on Nasdaq under the symbols FNVTU , FNVT and FNVTW , respectively. 

13 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David Gershon, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Finnovate Acquisition Corp. (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 13, 2023 

/s/ David Gershon 

David Gershon 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ron Golan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Finnovate Acquisition Corp. (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; ; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 13, 2023 

/s/ Ron Golan 

Ron Golan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David Gershon, Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of Finnovate Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 13, 2023 

/s/ David Gershon 

David Gershon 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ron Golan, Chief Financial Officer of Finnovate
Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 13, 2023 

/s/ Ron Golan 

Ron Golan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fnvt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fnvt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fnvt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fnvt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

