<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230410_10-K_edgar_data_1838000_0001213900-23-028376.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3869768</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>329558</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>793405</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>813283</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>946776</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>884640</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-028376.hdr.sgml : 20230410
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230407212622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-028376
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Springwater Special Situations Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001838000
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40757
		FILM NUMBER:		23809559

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GRAUBARD MILLER
		STREET 2:		405 LEXINGTON AVENUE, 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10174
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 818-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O GRAUBARD MILLER
		STREET 2:		405 LEXINGTON AVENUE, 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10174

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-028376.txt : 20230410

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_springwater.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

c/o
Graubard Miller 

The
Chrysler Building 

, 

, 

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant SWSSU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share SWSSW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-twelve-and-a-halfth
(1/12.5) of one share of common stock upon consummation of an initial business combination 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately million. 

As
of April 7, 2023, shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None. 

SPRINGWATER SPECIAL
SITUATIONS CORP. 

FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 36 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 

PART II 
 37 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 38 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 42 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 43 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 43 

PART III 
 44 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 44 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 51 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 53 

PART IV 
 54 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 56 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS; SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

Certain statements in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report of Springwater Special Situations Corp. (the Company, 
 we, us, our and Springwater may constitute forward-looking statements 
for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements
in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate
target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Annual Report entitled Risk Factors .
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary
in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

ii 

Summary of Risk Factors 

An investment in our
securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled
 Risk Factors , alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or
part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to convert your shares to cash. 

Our initial stockholders will control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. 

The ability of our public stockholders to convert their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an agreement for an initial business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the period allowed by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, and we would redeem our public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account, and we would liquidate. In such event, our warrants would expire worthless. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent valuation or appraisal firm and, consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the target(s) of our initial business combination is fair from a financial point of view. 

Our warrants, rights and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We may issue additional shares of capital stock or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing effects of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

If we consummate a business combination with a target company with assets located outside of the United States, our results of operations and prospects could be subject to the economic, political, and legal policies, developments, and conditions in the country in which we operate. Further, exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause our ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

Past performance by our management team and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Our officers and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our officers and directors may have interests in a potential business combination that are different than yours, which may create conflicts of interest. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by a majority of the then outstanding warrants. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

iii 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

If third parties bring claims against us, and if our directors decide
not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, or if our sponsor does not have the funds to indemnify us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share conversion amount received by stockholders may be less than
 10.10 per share. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon conversion of their shares. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have no operating history, and, accordingly, you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

We are an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

The excise tax included in the Inflation Reduction
 Act of 2022 may decrease the value of our securities following a business combination, hinder our ability to consummate a business combination,
 and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution in connection with a liquidation. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We identified a material weakness in our internal
 control over financial reporting relating to our complex financial instruments. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect
 our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry could adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, either directly or through adverse impacts on certain of our vendors. 

iv 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

We are a blank check
company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 2, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities, which we refer to as a target business. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities
as well as activities related to our initial public offering and searching for a target business. 

We may pursue a business
combination opportunity in any business or industry we choose, although we are currently focusing on target businesses in industries that
our management team has significant experience with including, but not limited to, media, engineering construction, engineering services,
facility management and services, food and beverages, semiconductor, aerospace, paper and pulp, logistics and distribution, IT services,
software solutions, tourism, hospitality, aviation, retail, precious metals trading and services, oil and gas, environmental services,
steel, household appliances, construction materials and shipping and cruise industries. 

The registration statement for the Company s initial public offering Initial Public Offering or IPO was declared effective on August 25, 2021. On August 30, 2021, the Company
consummated the Initial Public Offering of 15,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included
in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 150,000,000. Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 645,000 units (the Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Springwater Promote LLC (the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc., the representative of the underwriters in the IPO EarlyBirdCapital or EBC ), generating gross proceeds
of 6,450,000. 

On September 3, 2021,
the underwriters notified the Company of their intention to partially exercise their over-allotment option and would forfeit the remaining
balance. On September 7, 2021, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 2,118,624 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, and the sale of
an additional 63,559 Private Placement Units, at 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 21,821,830. A
total of 21,398,105 was deposited into the trust account established in connection with the Initial Public Offering Trust Account ),
bringing the aggregate gross proceeds held in the Trust Account to 172,898,105. 

On February 27, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of its stockholders
to consider a proposal, among others, to extend the date the Company had to consummate an initial business combination from February 28,
2023 to August 28, 2023. Stockholders approved the proposals and in connection therewith, holders of an aggregate of 15,142,910 public
shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate of 155,858,752 in cash. In connection with the special meeting,
the Company s board of directors approved a dividend of rights Rights to holders of Public Shares who did not seek
redemption of their Public Shares in connection with the stockholder vote in connection with the extension. Each Right entitles the holder
to receive one-twelve-and-a-half (1/12.5) of a share of common stock upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination.
The Company issued 1,975,714 Rights entitling the holders to receive an aggregate of up to 158,057 shares of common stock. 

Our Target Criteria 

We intend to identify
and merge with a well-positioned business with operational improvement potential at an undervalued price, aiming to generate significant
returns for shareholders after the capitalization and normalization of the operation. We believe there are many well positioned companies
at below long-term average valuations available for acquisition due to some complex and/or special situations, such as overleveraged businesses,
out of the money private equity investments and carve-outs: 

Over Leveraged Companies. Certain companies are struggling with debt covenants and facing liquidity issues. In these situations, we believe that a capital increase and potential equity upside for debt holders and shareholders in a new publicly held entity, could lead to a successful financial restructuring and strengthening of the target company s balance sheet allowing for an attractive upside for the key stakeholders. 

Out of the money Private Equity Investments. The valuations of transactions consummated in 2019 were at all-time highs driven by dry powder in hands of private equity firms, debt availability and a crowded marketplace. We believe that quite a number of private equity backed companies will be up for sale at attractive valuations to facilitate a partial liquidity event for the financial sponsors. 

Carve-outs. Companies are facing high levels of corporate indebtedness. We therefore believe large corporates will be willing or forced to sell their non-core divisions to generate liquidity. We believe there is an opportunity to acquire well-positioned divisions from large corporations and realize their standalone business potential. 

Effecting a Business
Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive
commercial business for an indefinite period of time. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering and simultaneous private placement of Private
Placement Units. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of Private
Placement Units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these in effecting a business combination. Although substantially all of
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement of Private Placement Units are intended to be applied generally
toward effecting a business combination, the proceeds are not otherwise being designated for any more specific purposes. A business combination
may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish
a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself.
These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various Federal and state securities laws.
In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably
have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. 

1 

Sources of Target
Businesses 

We anticipate that target
business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment
funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls
or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis,
since many of these sources will have read the prospectus for our Initial Public Offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting.
Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, and our other stockholders may also bring to our attention target business candidates
that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as
well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would
not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors.
We may also determine to engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on a
formal basis, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s
length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. If we decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that
is affiliated with our officers, directors or initial stockholders, we will do so only if we have obtained an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the business combination is fair to
our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. 

Selection of a Target
Business and Structuring of a Business Combination 

Subject to the limitations
that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80 of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on the income
earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described
below in more detail, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business.
We have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating
a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: 

financial condition and results of operation; 

growth potential; 

brand recognition and potential; 

experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; 

capital requirements; 

competitive position; 

barriers to entry; 

stage of development of the products, processes or services; 

existing distribution and potential for expansion; 

degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; 

proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; 

impact of regulation on the business; 

regulatory environment of the industry; 

costs associated with effecting the business combination; 

industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and 

macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. 

2 

These criteria are not
intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant,
on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent
with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will
encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other
information which is made available to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third
parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. 

The time and costs required
to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any
degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which
a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise
complete a business combination. 

Fair Market Value
of Target Business 

Pursuant to Nasdaq listing
rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance
of the funds in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of
a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, although we may acquire a target business whose fair market value significantly
exceeds 80 of the trust account balance. We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire 100 of the equity interests
or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure a business combination where we merge directly with the target
business or where we acquire less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of
the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest
in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial
business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less
than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
only the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value
test. The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted
by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). If our board is not able to independently
determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment
banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions, as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies
with the 80 threshold. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

Our business combination
must be with a target business or businesses that collectively satisfy the minimum valuation standard at the time of such acquisition,
as discussed above, although this process may entail the simultaneous acquisitions of several operating businesses at the same time. Therefore,
at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike other
entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries or multiple
areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible
spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may: 

subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and 

result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

3 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our
purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us,
and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. 

Limited Ability to
Evaluate the Target Business Management 

Although we intend to
scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that
the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any
certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with
us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full-time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business
combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are
able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place
simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash
payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. Additionally,
our officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following a business
combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure
you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not
Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination 

In connection with any
proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called
for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable),
or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the
need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a tender
offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro
rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination
or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek
stockholder approval. In the case of a tender offer, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially
the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. We will
consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if
we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

4 

Conversion Rights 

At any meeting called
to approve an initial business combination, public stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for
or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, for their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes
then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of common stock
to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. 

Our initial stockholders,
officers and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly.
Additionally, the holders of the 375,000 shares of common stock issued to EarlyBirdCapital and its designees EBC founder shares do not have conversion rights with respect to the EBC founder shares. 

We may also require public
stockholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates
to our transfer agent at any time through the vote on the business combination or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically
using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. Any proxy solicitation
materials that we furnish to stockholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are
requiring stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder received
our proxy statement through the vote on the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his conversion
rights. Under Delaware law and our bylaws, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which
would be the minimum amount of time a stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. 

There is a nominal cost
associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80, and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting
holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights to tender
their shares prior to a specified date. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the
timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders seeking to exercise conversion rights
to tender their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated,
this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 

Any request to convert
such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination (or after up until the time of
the closing of the business combination with our consent). Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivers his certificate in connection
with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the business combination not to elect to exercise such
rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If the initial business
combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their conversion rights
would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we
will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. 

5 

Liquidation if No
Business Combination 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides that we will have only until August 28, 2023 to complete our initial business combination.
If we do not complete a business combination by such date and our stockholders do not otherwise approve an extension of time to consummate
an initial business combination, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. In connection with our redemption of 100 of our outstanding public shares for a portion
of the funds held in the trust account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust
account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes payable on such funds, less up to 100,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes
payable. At such time, the warrants will expire, holder of warrants will receive nothing upon a liquidation with respect to such warrants
and the warrants will be worthless. 

Under the Delaware General
Corporation Law, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received
by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption
of 100 of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period
may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280
of the Delaware General Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice
period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation
may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders,
any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro
rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after
the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro
rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares in
the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution
under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution,
instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. If we are unable to complete a business combination within the prescribed
time frame, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public
shares as soon as reasonably possible following our deadline and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such,
our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability
of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be
complying with Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law requires
us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims
that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than
an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims
to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. 

6 

We seek to have all third
parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage) and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result,
the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in any liability
extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have a significant
impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, there is no guarantee that
vendors, service providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. In the event that a potential contracted party
was to refuse to execute such a waiver, we will execute an agreement with that entity only if our management first determines that we
would be unable to obtain, on a reasonable basis, substantially similar services or opportunities from another entity willing to execute
such a waiver. Examples of instances where we may engage a third party that refused to execute a waiver would be the engagement of a third
party consultant who cannot sign such an agreement due to regulatory restrictions, such as our auditors who are unable to sign due to
independence requirements, the underwriters, who have not waived their rights to indemnification provided by us under the underwriting
agreement, or other third parties whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or a situation in which management does not believe it would be able to find a provider of required
services willing to provide the waiver. There is also no guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they will not seek
recourse against the trust account. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to pay debts and obligations to target businesses or
vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. However, the agreement
entered into by our Sponsor specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity given: it will have no liability (1) as to
any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification
by the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As a result,
we cannot assure you that the per-share distribution from the trust account, if we liquidate the Trust Account because we have
not completed a business combination within the required time period, will not be less than 10.10. 

In the event that the
proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our Sponsor to enforce such indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf to enforce these indemnification obligations, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors
the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.10 per share. 

If we file a bankruptcy
petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could
be subject to applicable bankruptcy law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority
over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able
to return 10.10 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims
of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure
you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders
will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination within the required time period, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period or in connection with certain amendments to our
charter prior thereto or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our initial business combination.
In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination
alone will not result in a stockholder s converting its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust
account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its conversion rights and followed the procedures described above and as detailed in
the applicable proxy or tender offer materials. 

7 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours.
Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or
through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources
will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable
target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. 

The following also may
not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our obligation to seek stockholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; 

our obligation to convert or repurchase shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination; 

our outstanding warrants, and the potential future dilution they represent. 

In recent years, and
especially since the fourth quarter of 2020, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially.
Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there
are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies
currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort
and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

If we succeed in effecting
a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure
you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Employees 

We have three executive
officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much
time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target
business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly,
once management locates a suitable target business to acquire, they will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating
and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time to our affairs) than they would prior to locating a suitable
target business. We presently expect each of our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary
to our business. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices
are located at c/o Graubard Miller, The Chrysler Building, 405 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10174, and our telephone number is
(212) 818-8800. Since inception, the Company has utilized office space provided by its counsel at no cost. We consider our current
office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

8 

ITEM 1A. RISK
FACTORS 

An investment in our
securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information
contained in this Annual Report, the prospectus associated with our Initial Public Offering and the registration statement of which
such prospectus forms a part before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business,
financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could
decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are
encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and our business. 

Risks Relating to
Searching for and Consummating a Business Combination 

Our stockholders
may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business
combination even though a majority of our stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose not to
hold a stockholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where
the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would not be required to seek stockholder approval to complete such
a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder
approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even
if holders of a majority of our shares of common stock do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

Your only opportunity
to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to convert your
shares to cash. 

At the time of your investment
in us, you may not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since
our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the
right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to
affect the investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your conversion rights within the
period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in
which we describe our initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Our Sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed
to vote their founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering (including in open market
and privately-negotiated transactions), in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders 
founder shares, we would not need any of the 1,975,714 outstanding Public Shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor
of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. 

Our initial stockholders
control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in
a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial stockholders
own approximately 66.8 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions
requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated
transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration
of the current trading price of our common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders,
is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term for three years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial
business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business
combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the
board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable
influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of
our initial business combination. 

9 

The ability of
our public stockholders to convert their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination
targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter
into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target business that requires as a closing condition that we have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their conversion rights, we may not be able
to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Consequently, if accepting
all properly submitted conversion requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to
or upon consummation of the business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we
would not proceed with such conversion and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination.
Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of
our public stockholders to exercise conversion rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most
desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter
into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their conversion rights, and
therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for conversion.
If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price,
or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet
such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for conversion than we
initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange
for third party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness
at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available
to us or optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of
our public stockholders to exercise conversion rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that
our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to convert your shares. 

If our initial business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a
minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial
business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account.
If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares
may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on
your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with the conversion until we liquidate or you are able to sell your
shares in the open market. 

The requirement
that we complete our initial business combination within the period required by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
as amended, may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have
in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine
our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation currently provides that we must consummate an initial business combination by August 28, 2023. Any potential
target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial
business combination by such date. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination,
knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete
our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. 

10 

We may not be able
to complete our initial business combination within the period required by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended,
in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation currently provides that we must complete our initial business combination by August 28, 2023. Our ability
to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt
markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination by such date, we will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the trust account not previously released to us (to pay our tax obligations
and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 

If we are unable
to consummate our initial business combination within the period required by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as
amended, our public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond such period before redemption from our trust account. 

If we are unable to consummate
our initial business combination within the period required by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, the
proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the trust account not previously released to us (to pay our
tax obligations and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares,
as further described herein. Any redemption of public stockholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the
trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public stockholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding
up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the DGCL. In that case, investors may be forced to wait
beyond such period before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their
pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption
or liquidation unless we seek to amend our certificate of incorporation as described herein or consummate our initial business combination
prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to convert their common stock. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation
will public stockholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. 

We do not have
a specified maximum conversion threshold. The absence of such a threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business
combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum conversion threshold, except that in no event will we consummate an
initial business combination if holders exercising conversion rights would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either
immediately prior to or upon consummation of the business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders
have converted their shares. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock
that are validly submitted for conversion plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business
combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or convert any shares,
all shares of common stock submitted for conversion will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate
business combination. 

If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may
elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which may reduce the public float of our common stock. 

If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct conversions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or
public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial
business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
shares or public warrants in such transactions. 

11 

In the event that our
initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their conversion rights, such selling stockholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to convert their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to reduce the number of public
shares being submitted for conversion or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target business that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. Any such purchases will be reported in a current report on Form 8-K and pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the
Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

In addition, if such
purchases are made, the public float of our common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may
be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

In connection with
any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to convert their
shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult
for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. 

In connection with any
stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless
of whether he is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his shares for a pro rata share of
the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination. We may require public stockholders
who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to either (i) tender their certificates (if any)
to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s
DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holders option, prior to the vote on the business combination with the specific
deadline set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. In order to obtain
a physical share certificate, a stockholder s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate
this request. It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from
the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly
longer than two weeks to obtain a physical share certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares
through the DWAC System, we cannot assure you of this fact. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver
their shares, stockholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their conversion rights and thus may
be unable to convert their shares. 

If, in connection
with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders who wish to convert their
shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion, such converting stockholders may be unable to sell their securities when they
wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved. 

If we require public
stockholders who wish to convert their shares to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion and such proposed business
combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. 

Accordingly, investors
who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until
we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time and you may not
be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek conversion may be able to sell their
securities. 

12 

If a stockholder
fails to receive notice of our offer to convert our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply
with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be converted. 

We will comply with the
proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting conversions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite
our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such
stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to convert its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe
the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly convert or tender public shares. In the event that a stockholder
fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be converted to cash. 

Because of our
limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only
their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter
intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals
or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses
we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially
acquire, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.
Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to convert their shares for cash at the time of our initial
business combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce
the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds available
to us are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least until August 28, 2023, it could limit our search for a target business or businesses
and being able to complete our initial business combination. 

Because we are
neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with
which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business 
operations. 

We are not limited to
evaluating a target business in any particular industry sector. As a result, there is no current basis to evaluate the possible merits
or risks of any particular target business operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects.
To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with
which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales
or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage
entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure
you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence.
Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those
risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more
favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any
stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their
securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that
the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are
able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

13 

We may seek acquisition
opportunities in any industry our management chooses (which industries may be outside of our management s areas of expertise). 

We may consider a business
combination with a target business operating in any industry our management chooses. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable
to investors in the Initial Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate.
In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s
expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report regarding
the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a
result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any securityholders
who choose to remain securityholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such securityholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We may seek business
combination opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings,
which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we complete
our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues
or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the
risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors
and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave
us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We are not required
to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another valuation or appraisal firm that commonly renders fairness
opinions, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair
to our stockholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our
initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm, or another valuation or appraisal firm that commonly renders fairness opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders
from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We may issue additional
shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion
of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of common stock upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the
time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. Any such issuances would dilute
the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

We may issue a substantial
number of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide, among
other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof
to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or any amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the rights granted to public stockholders in the Initial Public Offering,
including but not limited to conversion rights. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of
common stock or preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering; 

14 

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, shares of common stock and/or warrants. 

A provision of
our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If: 

(i) 
 we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by them prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price 

(ii) 
 the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, inclusive of interest earned on equity held in trust, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of conversions), and 

(iii) 
 the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock during the 20-trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per
share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

We may issue notes
or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage
and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments
as of the date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the
Initial Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have
agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for
conversion from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

15 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may be unable
to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business,
which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholder may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to
public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the funds available
to us prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds
in search of a target business, the obligation to convert for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect conversion
in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business
combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure
the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account
that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need
additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the
target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth
of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with
or after our initial business combination. 

Resources could
be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and
acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only
receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the
investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents
and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others.
If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction
likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete
our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to
us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

16 

We may be solely
dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact
our operations and profitability. 

We may effectuate our
initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time.
However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors,
including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with
the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined
basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous
economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible
spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations
in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt
to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial
business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay
our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the
additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a
single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. 

Because we must
furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial
business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules
require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical
and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection
with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required
to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP,
or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances
and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we
may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with
federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

17 

Our search for
a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely
affected by the ongoing effects of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other events, and the status of debt and
equity markets. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has
adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases)
could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we
consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination
if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors
or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a
timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the
actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other
events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive
period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate
a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, our ability
to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other
events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of
increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

As the number of
special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition
for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find
a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In recent years, and
especially since the fourth quarter of 2020, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially.
Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there
are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies
currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort
and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because
there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the
competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to
demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns,
geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business
combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial
business combination and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors
altogether. 

Changes in the
market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete
an initial business combination. 

In recent years, the market for directors and
officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums charged for such policies have generally
increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business
combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company,
the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to
obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability
to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

18 

In addition, even after we were to complete an
initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination
entity will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need
for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Risks Relating to
the Post-Business Combination Company 

Subsequent to our
completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or
other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which
could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct due
diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues with a
particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that
factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced
to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could
result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously
known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and
not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions
about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be
subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination
debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to
successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed
to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We may have a limited
ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a
target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn,
negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any securityholders who choose to remain securityholders following
the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such securities are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

There may be tax
consequences to our business combinations that may adversely affect us. 

While we expect to undertake
any merger or acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the owners of the acquired business and us, such business combination might
not meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon
a transfer of shares or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes.
Additionally, depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60 of our adjusted ordinary
gross income may consist of personal holding company income. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of
individuals, including the members of our initial stockholders and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds,
and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than 50 of our stock will be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership
rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not become a personal holding
company following the Initial Public Offering or in the future. If we are or were to become a personal holding company in a given taxable
year, we would be subject to an additional personal holding company tax, currently 20 , on our undistributed taxable income, subject to
certain adjustments. 

19 

The excise tax included in the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 may decrease the value of our securities following a business combination, hinder our ability to consummate a business
combination, and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution in connection with a liquidation. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR
Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases
of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations
occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which
shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of
the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value
of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions
apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations
and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any share redemption or other share repurchase that
occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax.
The investment management trust agreement that governs the trust account provides that we may use accrued interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account for any tax obligations, which would include any excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be
subject to the excise tax in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including
(i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business combination, extension or otherwise, (ii)
the structure of a business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection
with a business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a business combination but issued within the same taxable year
of a business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax
would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been
determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business combination and in the Company s
ability to complete a business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has agreed that the per share price payable to
stockholders exercising their redemption rights, whether in connection with the vote on an extension or an initial business combination,
will not be reduced by payments required to be made by the Company under the IR Act. 

We may reincorporate
in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on stockholders. 

We may, in connection
with our initial business combination and subject to requisite stockholder approval under the DGCL, reincorporate in the jurisdiction
in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a stockholder to recognize
taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the stockholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent
entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders to pay such taxes. Stockholders may be subject to withholding
taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

Our ability to
successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our
key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Prior to the completion
of an initial business combination, our operations will be dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular,
our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least
until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit
any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business
activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment
agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss
of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

20 

The role of our key personnel
in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business
in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management
of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business
combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar
with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them
become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign
upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of an initial business combination target s key personnel could
negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination candidate s
key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
certain members of an initial business combination candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial business
combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an initial business
combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our management
may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon
loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate
such business. 

We may structure our
initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 
of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction
that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders
prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue
a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we
would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock,
our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent
to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or
group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that
our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 

If we pursue a
target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional
burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial
business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target
a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks
associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial
business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators
or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

21 

If we effect our initial
business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating
in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency conversion; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to
adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination,
or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

22 

If our management
following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources
becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial
business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the
target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with
United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources
becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely
affect our operations. 

If we consummate
a business combination with a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, substantially all of our assets
could be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue could be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly,
our results of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments
and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political
and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are ultimately located could affect our
business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained
in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may
be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely
affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our
initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange rate fluctuations
and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all
revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if
any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate
and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency
against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business
combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may
make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

Risks Relating to
our Management and Directors 

Our executive officers
and directors will allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much
time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business
combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will
not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be
entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week
to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers 
and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

23 

Our officers and
directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Following the completion
of the Initial Public Offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying
and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional
fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a
business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may be required to present suitable business combination opportunities
to such entities prior to presenting them to our company for consideration. Accordingly, our officers and directors may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved
in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary
duties under Delaware law. 

Our officers and
directors may in the future become affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by
us, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

Following the completion of the Initial Public Offering and until we
consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses.
It is likely that our officers and directors will in the future become affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business,
including other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved
in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers 
and directors fiduciary duties under Delaware law. 

We may engage in
a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our initial
stockholders, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our initial stockholders, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our initial stockholders,
executive officers, directors or existing holders. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our initial
stockholders, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination
with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with
any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities,
we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth
in Proposed Business Effecting our initial business combination Selection of a target business and structuring of our
initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite
our agreement to obtain an opinion regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with
one or more businesses affiliated with our initial stockholders, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts
of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders
as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

24 

Since our initial
stockholders, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed
(other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise
in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

In October 2020, Special
Sits General Partner I SA, an entity affiliated with certain members of our management team, paid 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per
share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration for 2,875,000 shares of common stock in connection with our organization.
In February 2021, we effected a dividend of 0.5 shares for each outstanding share of common stock, resulting in there being an aggregate
of 4,312,500 founders shares outstanding. Also in February 2021, Special Sits General Partner I SA transferred 4,312,500 founders 
shares to our Sponsor. Because the underwriter in our initial public offering did not fully exercise its overallotment option, 32,844
founder shares were forfeited by our sponsor. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination.
In addition, concurrently with our initial public offering, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 622,966 Private Placement Units for
a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit 6,229,660 in the aggregate). The Private Placement Units are identical to the
public units. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the period allowed by our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, as amended, the common stock and warrants contained within the Private Placement Units will be worthless. In addition,
we may obtain loans from our initial stockholders, our officers or directors, or any of their affiliates. The personal and financial interests
of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing
an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following our initial business combination. This risk may
become more acute as the August 28, 2023 deadline for our completion of an initial business combination nears. 

Our
initial stockholders paid an aggregate of 25,000 for the founder shares. As a result, they stand to make a substantial profit even if
an initial business combination subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public stockholders, and may have an incentive
to recommend such an initial business combination to our stockholders. 

As a result of the low acquisition cost of our
founder shares, our initial stockholders could make a substantial profit even if we select and consummate an initial business combination
with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. Thus, they may have more
of an economic incentive for us to enter into an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or financially unstable
business, or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, than would be the case if such parties had paid the full
offering price for their founders shares. 

We may issue our shares to investors in
connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. 

In connection with our initial business combination,
we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share.
The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price
of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. 

Our key personnel
may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular
business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to
receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining
whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may
be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment
or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s
retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their
motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. 

25 

EarlyBirdCapital may have a conflict of
interest in rendering services to us in connection with our initial business combination. 

We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital to assist us in connection with our
initial business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services in an aggregate amount equal to up to 3.5 of
the total gross proceeds raised in the offering only if we consummate our initial business combination. Additionally, the Company will
pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee equal to 1.0 of the total consideration payable in the business combination if it introduces the Company
to the target business with which it completes a business combination. Additionally, the EBC founder shares purchased by EarlyBirdCapital
and its designees will be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. These financial interests may result in the
underwriters having a conflict of interest when providing the services to us in connection with an initial business combination. 

Risks Relating to
our Securities 

You will not have
any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment,
you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders
will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business
combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected to convert, subject
to the limitations described herein, (ii) the conversion of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the period allowed by our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, as amended or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the period
allowed by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, subject to applicable law and as further described herein.
In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will
not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment,
you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist
our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject
us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our units, common stock,
and warrants were approved for listing on Nasdaq on or promptly after the date of the prospectus associated with our Initial Public Offering
and the registration statement of which such prospectus forms a part and our common stock and warrants on or promptly after their date
of separation. Although after giving effect to the Initial Public Offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial
listing standards set forth in Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq
in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial
business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market
capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). 

Additionally, in connection
with our initial business combination, we will likely be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements,
which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholders equity
would generally be required to be at least 4.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists any
of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we
expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant
material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our common stock are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

26 

The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities,
which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our common stock and warrants
will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, common stock and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states
are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there
is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities
in a particular case. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the
statute, and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

An investor may
not be able to exercise its warrants when desired which may cause such warrants to expire worthless. 

Under the terms of the
warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, we will use our best efforts to file a registration statement under the
Securities Act covering such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that
we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth
in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or
correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act,
we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash
or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance
of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, unless an
exemption is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to take such action as is necessary
to register or qualify for sale the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants in such states, to the extent an exemption
is not available. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any
warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify
the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise
of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be
entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants
as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of common stock included in the units.
If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the
underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If you exercise
your public warrants on a cashless basis, you will receive fewer shares of common stock from such exercise than if you were
to exercise such warrants for cash. 

There are circumstances
in which the exercise of the public warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. For instance, if we call our
warrants for redemption, we can force all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Additionally, If a registration statement
covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 90th business day after the closing
of our initial business combination, warrantholders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement, exercise warrants
on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In the event of an exercise on
a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (as defined in the next sentence)
by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value of our common stock for the above purpose shall mean the volume
weighted average price of our common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of warrants. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day
after the 10-trading day period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption
feature for more than 0.361 shares of common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). As a result, you would receive fewer shares of
common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

27 

The grant of registration
rights to our initial stockholders, EarlyBirdCapital and its designees, and holders of our Private Placement Units may make it more difficult
to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our common
stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement
that was entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Initial Public Offering, our initial stockholders,
EarlyBirdCapital and its designees, and each of their permitted transferees can demand that we register the common stock into which founder
shares and EBC founder shares are convertible, holders of our Private Placement Units and their permitted transferees can demand that
we register the Private Placement Units and the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Units and holders of warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such securities. The registration rights will
be exercisable with respect to the founder shares, EBC founder shares, the Private Placement Units and the common stock issuable upon
exercise of such Private Placement Units. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of
such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common
stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude.
This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more
cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our common stock that is expected when the securities owned by
our initial stockholders and holders of our Private Placement Units or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

The securities
in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets
held in trust such that the per-share conversion amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.10 per
share. 

The proceeds held in
the trust account will be held as cash or cash items (including in demand deposit accounts) and/or invested only in U.S. government treasury
obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the
Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations
currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe
and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the
possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial
business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our public stockholders are
entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid
or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates
could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share conversion amount received by public stockholders
may be less than 10.10 per share. 

We may not have
sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any
reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds
outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and
directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These
provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though
such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. 

28 

If, after we distribute
the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may
be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to
claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute
the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek
to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing
the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that
would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing
the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third
parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account
distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination
within the period allowed by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that
it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party
claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims
brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any
liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share
of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary
of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following August 28, 2023
in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by such date and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing
procedures. 

Because we will not be
complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time
that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10
years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will
be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such
as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b)
of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred
after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought
against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but
no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination within the period allowed by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended is not considered
a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition
of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174
of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead
of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

29 

Provisions in
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the
price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider
to be in their best interests. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of
three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. As a result, at a given annual meeting only a minority of the
board of directors may be considered for election. Since our staggered board may prevent our stockholders from replacing
a majority of our board of directors at any given annual meeting, it may further entrench management and discourage unsolicited stockholder
proposals that may be in the best interests of stockholders. Moreover, our board of directors has the ability to designate the terms of
and issue new series of preferred stock. 

We are also subject to
anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more
difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing
market prices for our securities. 

Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is
the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain
a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our certificate of incorporation
requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers
and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware,
except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or
entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to
the forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation. 

This choice of forum
provision may make it more costly, or limit a stockholder s ability, to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. We cannot
be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of
forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our certificate of incorporation
provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to actions brought under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

30 

We may amend the
terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of
the then outstanding warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened
and the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants have been
issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and
us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and
the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus associated with our Initial Public Offering, or defective provision, but requires the
approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder
if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the
public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments
to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease
the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

We may redeem your
unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to
redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant,
provided that the last reported sales price of the common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing at any time after
the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date
we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus
relating to them is available. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable
to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants
could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to
do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept
the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less
than the market value of your warrants. None of the private warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial
purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

Our warrants may
have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to
purchase 8,559,312 shares of our common stock as part of the units offered by the prospectus associated with our Initial Public Offering
and simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we issued in a private placement warrants to purchase 354,280 shares
of our common stock as part of the Private Placement Units. In addition, if our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates
make any working capital loans, they may convert those loans into up to an additional 150,000 Private Placement Units, at the price of
 10.00 per unit. To the extent we issue common stock to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial
number of additional shares of common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target
business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock and reduce the value
of the common stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business
transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

General Risks 

Our independent
registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

We have incurred and expect to incur significant
costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. We lack the financial resources we need to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time,
which is considered to be one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
As a result, there is substantial doubt that we can sustain operations for a period of at least one-year from the issuance date of these
financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going
concern. 

31 

We have no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We have no operating
results. Our only activities through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public
Offering, and searching for a target for our Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the
completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities
held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our
ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business
combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

If we are deemed
to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our
activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be
an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, 

each of which may make
it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

In order not to be regulated
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged
primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government
securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter
to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale
or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that
our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account
may only be held as cash or cash items (including in demand deposit accounts) or invested in United States government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7(d) promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets.
By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses
for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to
avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended
as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the
conversion of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within the period allowed by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended; or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to stockholder rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent
an initial business combination within the period allowed by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, our return
of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest
the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the
Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted
funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our
public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public
stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

32 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, on March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, the extent to which SPACs could become
subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The SEC s proposed rules would provide a safe harbor for companies
like our company from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided
that they satisfy certain conditions that limit a company s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The duration
component of the proposed safe harbor rule would require the company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that
it has entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18
months after the effective date of the company s registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then
be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement
for its initial public offering. The SEC has indicated that it believes that there are serious questions concerning the applicability
of the Investment Company Act to special purpose acquisition companies, including a company like ours, that does not complete its initial
business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. As a result, it is possible that a claim
could be made in the future that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. It is also possible that the investment
of funds from the IPO during our life as a blank check company, and the earning and use of interest from such investment, both of which
will likely continue until we consummate an initial business combination, could increase the likelihood of us being found to have been
operating as an unregistered investment company more than if we sought to potentially mitigate this risk by holding such funds as cash.
If the Company was deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act and found to have been operating as an
unregistered investment company, it could cause the Company to liquidate. If we are forced to liquidate, investors in the Company would
not be able to participate in any benefits of owning stock in an operating business, including the potential appreciation of our stock
following such a transaction and our warrants would expire worthless. 

Changes in laws
or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate
and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws
and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and
other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly.
Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. For instance, the SEC has recently proposed rules applicable to
blank check companies like our company that, if adopted, could make it more expensive and difficult to consummate an initial business
combination. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions
involving SPACs and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell
companies; effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing
the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become
subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form,
may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and
time related thereto. 

33 

We are an emerging
growth company and smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions
from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may
make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be
an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market
value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before
that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors
will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there
may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies
but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards
used. 

Additionally, we are
a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies
may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial
statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our
common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter,
or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock
held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the
extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public
companies difficult or impossible. 

Compliance obligations
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and
management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report. Only in
the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, as long as we remain an emerging
growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our
internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial
business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls.
The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

34 

Cyber incidents
or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We will likely depend
on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties
with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems
or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and
sensitive or confidential data. As an early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently
protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate
any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences
on our business and lead to financial loss or inability to consummate an initial business combination. 

We previously identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to our complex financial instruments. This material weakness
could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely
manner. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management also
evaluates the effectiveness of our internal controls and we will disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such
evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over
financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

In connection with the preparation of our financial
statements as of December 31, 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls relating to our complex financial
instruments. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included
in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and the financial statements in this Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and
cash flows for the period presented. However, we cannot assure you that the foregoing will not result in any future material weaknesses
or deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting. Even though we have strengthened our controls and procedures, in the future
those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation
of our financial statements. 

35 

Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry
could adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, either directly or through adverse impacts on certain
of our vendors and customers. 

Adverse developments that affect financial institutions, such as events
involving liquidity that are rumored or actual, have in the past and may in the future lead to bank failures and/or market-wide liquidity
problems. These events could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, either directly or through an
adverse impact on certain of our vendors and customers. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank was closed by the California
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver.
Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank was put into receivership. Since that time, there have been reports of instability at other
U.S. banks, including First Republic Bank. Although the Federal Reserve Board, the Department of the Treasury and the FDIC have taken
steps to ensure that depositors at Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank can access all of their funds, including funds held in uninsured
deposit accounts, and have taken additional steps to provide liquidity to other banks, there is no guarantee that, in the event of the
closure of other banks or financial institutions in the future, depositors would be able to access uninsured funds or that they would
be able to do so in a timely fashion. 

To date, we have not experienced any adverse impact to our liquidity,
financial condition or results of operations as a result of the events described above. However, failures of other banks or financial
institutions may expose us to additional risks, either directly or through the effect on vendors or other third parties, and may lead
to significant disruptions to our operations, financial condition and reputation. Moreover, uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns
in the broader financial services industry. Our business may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict
at this time, there may be additional risks that we have not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative
consequences directly or indirectly from any failure of one or more banks or other financial institutions. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTY 

Our executive offices
are located at c/o Graubard Miller, The Chrysler Building, 405 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10174, and our telephone number is
(212) 818-8800. Since inception, the Company has utilized office space provided by its counsel at no cost. We consider our current
office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

36 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET
FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our units, common stock
and warrants are listed on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the symbols SWSSU, SWSS and
 SWSSW, respectively. Our rights are traded in the over-the-counter markets. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, there was one holder of record of our units,
six holders of record of our common stock and two holders of record of our warrants. Our rights were not outstanding as of December 31,
2022. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any
cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination
will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings,
if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

In connection with our
February 27, 2023 stockholder vote (the Extension Vote to extend our deadline to complete a business combination, we issued
a dividend of Rights to holders of public shares who did not seek redemption of their shares in connection with the Extension Vote. Each
Right entitles the holder to receive one-twelve-and-a-halfth (1/12.5) of a share of our common stock upon consummation of our initial
business combination. The Company issued 1,975,714 Rights in the dividend, entitling the holders to receive an aggregate of up to 158,057
shares of common stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

In October 2020, Special
Sits General Partner I SA, an entity affiliated with certain members of our management team, paid 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per
share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration for 2,875,000 shares of common stock in connection with our organization.
In February 2021, we effected a dividend of 0.5 shares for each outstanding share of common stock, resulting in there being an aggregate
of 4,312,500 founders shares outstanding. Also in February 2021, Special Sits General Partner I SA transferred 4,312,500 founders 
shares to our Sponsor. 

On August 30, 2021, we
consummated our Initial Public Offering of 15,000,000 units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one-half of one
warrant to purchase one share of common stock for 11.50 per share. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
we consummated the private placement of 645,000 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total
proceeds of 6,450,000. The issuances of the Private Placement Units were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

37 

On September 3, 2021
the over-allotment option was partially exercised. As a result, we consummated the sale of an additional 2,118,624 Public Units and the
sale of an additional 63,559 Private Placement Units. 

Our Sponsor had agreed
to forfeit up to 562,500 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters. Accordingly,
32,844 Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor. 

The securities in the
offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-254088). The
Securities and Exchange Commission declared the registration statement effective on August 25, 2021. 

The Private Placement
Units were purchased by the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, the representative to the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering. The Private
Placement Units are identical to the Public Warrants included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. The Sponsor has agreed
not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private Placement Units or Common Stock or Warrants underlying the Private Placement Units
(except to certain transferees) until thirty days after the completion of the Company s initial business combination. 

Of the gross
proceeds received from the initial public offering (including pursuant to the over-allotment provide option) and private placement
of Private Placement Units, 172,898,102 10.10 per unit sold in the offering, including the over-allotment option) was placed in
the trust account. 155,858,752 was withdrawn from the trust account to fund the redemption of an aggregate of 15,142,910 shares of
common stock in connection with the Extension Vote (approximately 10.29 for each redeemed share). 

Transaction costs amounted
to 18,538,231, consisting of 3,423,725 of underwriting fees, 13,783,973 for the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the
Anchor Investors, 880,485 for excess fair value of the EBC Founder Shares and 451,398 of other offering costs. 

On February 27, 2023,
the Company held a special meeting of its stockholders to consider a proposal, among others, to extend the date the Company had to consummate
an initial business combination from February 28, 2023 to August 28, 2023. Stockholders approved the proposals and in connection therewith,
holders of an aggregate of 15,142,910 public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate of 155,858,752 in cash. 

We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account not previously released
to us (less taxes payable) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our tax obligations. To the extent
that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds
held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions,
and pursue our growth strategies. 

We intend to use the
funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective
target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants, or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives
or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate, and complete
a business combination. 

ITEM 6.
[RESERVED] 

38 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related
thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware on October 2, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our business combination
using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units, our capital stock, debt or a combination
of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from October 2, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering and seeking to identify a target company for a business combination. We do
not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net income of 838,650, which consisted of interest income from funds held in bank accounts of 662 and interest income on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of 2,504,668, offset by operating and formation costs of 1,202,726 and provision for income taxes
of 463,954. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a
net loss of 563,546, which consisted of operating costs of 581,362 and interest income from funds held in bank accounts of 234, offset
by an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of 1,297 and interest income on marketable securities held in
the Trust Account of 16,753. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On August 30, 2021, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 15,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 150,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 645,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private
placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 6,450,000. 

On September 7, 2021, the Company consummated
the sale of an additional 2,118,624 Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option and the sale
of an additional 63,559 Private Placement Units. 

Of the gross proceeds of the IPO and Private Placement,
an aggregate of 172,898,105 10.10 per unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, including the over-allotment option) was deposited
into the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. 

39 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used
in operating activities was 651,399. Net income of 838,629 was affected by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust
Account of 2,504,668. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,014,640 of cash for operating activities. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used
in operating activities was 1,113,235. Net loss of 563,546 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust
Account of 16,753 and unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 1,297. Changes in operating assets and liabilities
used 531,639 of cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 175,167,573 (including 2,504,668 of interest income) consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity
of 185 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we
withdrew 253,250 of interest earned from the Trust Account to pay for such tax obligations. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account not previously released to us (less
income taxes payable), to complete our business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part,
as consideration to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital
to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 14,918.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate
and complete a business combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the Sponsor, our officers and directors or their affiliates may,
but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts
provided that up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00
per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. In the event that a business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares
upon consummation of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
business combination. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 14,918
in its operating bank account and working capital of 63,135 (after adding back 65,798 in franchise tax payable as that liability,
which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet, is allowed to be settled using earnings from the Trust Account,
 2,865 of franchises taxes paid out of operating cash account not yet reimbursed from the Trust Account and 463,954 in income
tax payable which is allowed to be settled using earnings from the Trust Account), which excludes 2,269,468 of interest earned on the
Trust Account that is available to pay franchise and income taxes payable. If the estimate of the costs of identifying a target business,
undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company
may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to a Business Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain
additional financing or loans either to complete a business combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number
of the Public Shares upon consummation of a business combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt
in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company would only complete such
financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If the Company does not have sufficient funds available, the
Company may be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the business combination, if cash on
hand is insufficient, the Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. 

40 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company may not
have sufficient funds available to complete a business combination. Management has determined that the liquidity condition, should a business
combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 3,000,000 in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

The Company engaged EarlyBirdCapital, the representative
of underwriters in the Initial Public Offering, as an advisor in connection with its Business Combination to assist in holding meetings
with the shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to
potential investors that are interested in purchasing securities in connection with the Initial Business Combination and assist the Company
with press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for
such services upon the consummation a Business Combination in an aggregate amount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering. Additionally, the Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee equal to 1.0 of the total consideration payable in the Business
Combination if it introduces the Company to the target business with which it completes a Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common stock subject to possible
conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject
to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times,
common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be
outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption
is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheets. 

41 

Net Income Per Common Share 

Net income (loss) per common stock is computed
by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding for the period. Accretion associated with the
redeemable shares of common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt
with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which
simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current U.S. GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes
certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it also simplifies
the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We adopted ASU 2020-06 effective as
of January 1, 2021. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have an impact on our financial statements. 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included
herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) were not effective, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s
accounting for complex financial instruments. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial
statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial
statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations, and
cash flows for the period presented. 

Management has implemented remediation steps to
improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities
and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification
of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with
the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

42 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial
statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

As indicated above, management has implemented
remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process
for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature,
identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional
staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER
INFORMATION 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

43 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive
Officers 

Our current directors
and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Martin Gruschka 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Ignacio Casanova 
 
 44 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Angel Pendas 
 
 50 
 
 Secretary and Director 
 
 Eduardo Montes 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Alexander H. Hamilton 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Alex Greystoke 
 
 48 
 
 Director 
 
 Hans H. Brandl 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

Martin Gruschka has served
as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors since our formation. Mr. Gruschka has 30 years of experience
across investment banking, strategic consulting and private equity investing, with specialized knowledge of the media, telecoms, technology,
engineering, aerospace and tourism sectors. Mr. Gruschka co-founded Springwater Capital LLC in 2002 and currently serves as
the Chief Executive Officer of Springwater Investment Management LLC. He has also been a board member of several Springwater portfolio
companies including Aernnova, Daorje, MW Zander, Nervi n and Wamos. Prior to founding Springwater, he worked at Dresdner Kleinwort
Capital from 2001 to 2002 and Veronis Suhler Stevenson from 1999 to 2001 as an investment manager focused on the media and communications
industry. Previously, Mr. Gruschka was an associate director of the Investment Banking Media Group at Deutsche Morgan Grenfell in
London from 1997 to 1999 and head of the European Media Group at Arthur D Little in Zurich from 1994 to 1997. He began his career at the
management consulting arm of Deutsche Bank in Berlin before working as a strategic consultant at St Gallen Consulting Group. Mr. Gruschka
has served as an advisor to Goal Acquisitions Corp, a blank check company like our company, since it completed its initial public offering
in February 2021. Goal Acquisitions Corp is currently searching for target businesses in the sports industry. Mr. Gruschka studied
Economics, Business and Philosophy at the Universities of Muenster, Freiburg and Stanford where he benefitted from a full scholarship
of the Rotary Foundation International. We believe Mr. Gruschka is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to
his extensive experience, relationships and contacts. 

Ignacio Casanova has served
as our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors since our formation. Mr. Casanova has 14 years of experience
in private equity investing and strategic consulting. He joined Springwater in 2014 as investment director and is a board member of several
of its portfolio companies including Nuba, Wamos, Pullmantur, Gens Aurea/Orocash and SGEL. Prior to joining Springwater, Mr. Casanova
was a Director in the Transaction Services Strategy Group at PwC from 2007 to 2014. He was responsible for strategic consultancy and due
diligence across all sectors for top tier corporate clients and private equity firms and was involved in more than 20 transactions. Prior
to this, Mr. Casanova worked in a similar role at ALG from 2004 to 2005. He began his career as an engineer in the airport division
at TYPSA, where he was also an advisor to transportation and logistics companies. Mr. Casanova has a degree in Aeronautical Engineering
from the Universidad Politecnica de Madrid and holds an MBA from INSEAD. We believe Mr. Casanova is well-qualified to serve
on our board of directors due to his extensive experience, relationships and contacts. 

Angel Pendas has served as
our Secretary and a member of our board of directors since our formation. Mr. Pendas is a lawyer with 20 years of experience
in M A and private equity. Mr. Pendas joined Springwater in 2015 as general counsel, sitting on the boards of several Springwater
portfolio companies. He is responsible for all the legal activities of the firm, including investment analysis, negotiations and transaction
structuring. Prior to this, Mr. Pendas worked as the general counsel at Grupo Ahorro Corporaci n from 2011 to 2015, where
he was responsible for supporting M A, corporate finance and private equity transactions and investments. Prior to this, he was a
senior associate at Gomez-Acebo Pombo from 2006 to 2011 and partner at Mullerat from 2001 to 2006 working in the corporate-commercial department
in charge of private equity and M A transactions. He began his career with a similar focus as an associate at Echarri Brindle.
Mr. Pendas holds a degree in Law from San Pablo-CEU University in Madrid, as well as a MA in Business Law from the IE Business
School. We believe Mr. Pendas is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive experience, relationships
and contacts. 

44 

Alex Greystoke has served as
a member of our board of directors since our formation. Mr Greystoke is a founder of Goal Acquisitions Corp (formed in October 2020) and
has served as an advisor since its initial public offering in February 2021. Since 2018, Mr. Greystoke is the founder and Chief Executive
Officer of TravelChamp, a stealth company in the artificial intelligence and big data industries and is inventor of a number of valuable
AI patents. He also is the President of Astroline, a group of for-profit private schools, and has held this position since 2008.
Mr. Greystoke is also the founder of multiple AI technology companies including VacationChamp and ShoppingChamp, founded in 2015
and 2017. He is the inventor of three granted artificial intelligence patents, with eight pending patent applications. Mr. Greystoke
is also an investor with investments in real estate, food and beverage, technology and other sectors. Previously, he founded HSC, a boutique
corporate finance business raising money for and helping emerging companies commercialize in a range of sectors including technology,
energy, healthcare and consumer products utilizing his wide network of partners throughout Asia, Europe, the Middle East and the U.S.
Mr. Greystoke has served as director to numerous companies in the education, technology, AI and renewable energy spaces, and has
served as a Chairman to a U.K. listed Chinese manufacturing Company. Mr. Greystoke is a former lawyer who worked at Slaughter and
May and at Morgan Lewis. He has two masters in Law, one from Trinity College, Cambridge and the second, an LLM, from the University of
Texas at Austin. We believe Mr. Greystoke is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive experience,
relationships and contacts. 

Eduardo Montes has served as
a member of our board of directors since our formation. Mr. Montes has served as the Executive President of SGEL since 2018 and Wamos
Group since 2018 and from 2010 to 2017 he chaired the Spanish Association of the Electrical Industry (UNESA) and from 2008 to 2010 he
was the President of Grupo Ferroatl ntica. During his career, Mr. Montes has held positions in multinationals such as Alcatel
(General Director) from 1988 to 1993, GEC Alstom (President and CEO) from 1993 to 1995 and Siemens (President of Siemens Spain, President
of Siemens Europe, Vice-president and member of the Executive Board of Siemens AG) from 1996 to 2008. He is currently a member of
the Board of Directors of Catenon, Airificial and Mecalux and recently has been a member of the Board of Bertelsmann Stiftung. He has
a degree in Industrial Engineering from the Universidad Politecnica de Madrid and has a top executive program by IESE. We believe Mr. Montes
is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive experience, relationships and contacts. 

Alexander H. Hamilton has served
as a member of our board of directors since our formation. Mr. Hamilton has served as CEO and member of the board of Sefi SA, an
investment advisory firm based in Geneva, since 1990. Before, he held positions in investments banks such as Guyerzeller Bank, Banque
Paribas and Merrill Lynch. Since November 2019, he has served as Vice-Chairman of Gens Aurea SpA. Mr. Hamilton has a MBA
in International Finance from NYU Stern School of Business and a bachelor s degree in modern literature and linguistics from the
University of Lille. We believe Mr. Hamilton is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive experience,
relationships and contacts. 

Dr. Hans H. Brandl has
served as a member of our board of directors since our formation. Mr. Brandl has significant operational experience in Germany and
abroad in several industries (telecommunications, logistics, EH S). Since 2017 he renders his professional services as a consultant
to Barkawi Management Consultants. From 1989 to 2017 he was an International Strategy Management Consultant with Arthur D. Little and
other consulting companies, also holding executive operational positions throughout his professional career. Dr. Brandl holds a Master
degree in Physics (Technical University, Munich) and a PhD in Chemistry (University of Berlin). We believe Mr. Brandl is well-qualified to
serve on our board of directors due to his extensive experience, relationships and contacts. 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes
with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first
class of directors, consisting of Alex Greystoke and Hans H. Brandl, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term
of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Eduardo Montes and Alexander H. Hamilton, will expire at the second annual meeting.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Martin Gruschka, Ignacio Casanova and Angel Pendas, will expire at the
third annual meeting. 

Number and terms of
office of officers and directors 

Our board of directors
consists of seven members and is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each
class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance
with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first full fiscal
year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Alex Greystoke and Hans H.
Brandl, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Eduardo
Montes and Alexander H. Hamilton, will expire at our second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors,
consisting of Martin Gruschka, Ignacio Casanova and Angel Pendas, will expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders. 

45 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint such officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Executive officer
and director compensation 

After the completion
of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established
any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely
the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination
business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive
officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do
not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a
determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive
officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. 

Our board of directors
has determined Mr. Montes, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Greystoke and Mr. Brandl are independent directors as defined in the listing
standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors
are present. 

Any affiliated transactions
will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve
all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

Audit Committee 

Effective August 25,
2021, we established an audit committee of the board of directors, in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, which
consists of Mr. Montes, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Greystoke will serve as members of our audit committee, each of whom is an independent director
under Nasdaq s listing standards. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include,
but are not limited to: 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

46 

reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

Financial Experts
on Audit Committee 

The audit committee will
at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under
Nasdaq s listing standards. In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one
member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable
experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication. Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate, and our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Hamilton and Mr. Greystoke qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

Nominating Committee 

Effective August 25,
2021, we established a nominating committee of the board of directors, which consists of Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Greystoke and Mr. Brandl, each
of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the
selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its
members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for
Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting
nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The Nominating Committee
will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background, and integrity and professionalism
in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills
or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider
the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

47 

There have been no material
changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

Compensation Committee 

Effective August 25,
2021, we established a compensation committee of the board of directors, which consists of Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Montes, and Mr. Brandl, each
of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified
in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and Annual Report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating, and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Code of Ethics 

Effective August 25,
2021 we adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors, and employees. The code of ethics codifies
the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

Executive Compensation 

None of our executive
officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We may pay consulting, finder or success fees to
our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial business combination. In
addition, our initial stockholders, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management, or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished
to our shareholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider an initial
business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as
required by the SEC. 

Since our formation,
we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans to any of our executive
officers or directors. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this Annual Report by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our officers and directors; and 

all of our officers and directors as a group. 

48 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned by
them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the warrants included in the units offered in the IPO or
the Private Placement Units as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof. The following also does not take
into account the conversion of public shares held by any holder not affiliated with our officers and directors that owned more than 5 
of our outstanding shares of common stock. 

Name and address of beneficial owner(1) 
 Amount and nature of beneficial ownership 
 Approximate percentage of outstanding common stock 
 
 Martin Gruschka(3) 
 4,902,622 (2) 
 66.8 
 
 Ignacio Casanova(3) 
 4,902,622 (2) 
 66.8 
 
 Angel Pendas(3) 
 4,902,622 (2) 
 66.8 
 
 Eduardo Montes 
 0 

Alexander H. Hamilton 
 0 

Alex Greystoke 
 0 

Hans H. Brandl 
 0 

Springwater Promote LLC(3) 
 4,902,622 (2) 
 66.8 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (seven individuals) 
 4,902,622 (2) 
 66.8 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC(4) 
 1,375,000 
 18.7 
 
 Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P.(5) 
 374,596 
 5.1 
 
 Atalaya Capital Management LP(6) 
 1,485,000 
 20.2 
 
 Alberta Investment Management Corporation(7) 
 1,485,000 
 20.3 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc.(8) 
 1,785,000 
 24.3 
 
 Magnetar Financial LLC(9) 
 1,470,781 
 20.0 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P.(10) 
 1,151,250 
 15.7 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our stockholders is c/o Springwater Special Situations Corp., c/o Graubard Miller, The Chrysler Building, 425 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10174. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist of (i) 4,279,656 founder shares, classified as common stock, and (ii) 622,966 shares of common stock underlying Private Placement Units. 

(3) 
 Represents shares held by our sponsor, Springwater Promote LLC, of which each of Mr. Gruschka, Mr. Casanova, and Mr. Pendas is a managing member. 

(4) 
 Represents shares beneficially owned by Shaolin Capital Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which serves as the investment advisor to Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd. a Cayman Islands exempted company, MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC, and DS Liquid DIV RVA SCM LLC being managed accounts advised by the Shaolin Capital Management LLC. The address of Shaolin Capital Management LLC is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. Information derived from a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023. 

(5) 
 Represents shares held by Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, RGC Management Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Steven B. Katznelson, Christopher Hinkel, Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, and Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the address of each of which is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. Information derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2022. 

(6) 
 Represents shares held by Atalaya Capital Management LP, Atalaya Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP, ACM ASOF VII (Cayman) Holdco LP, and ACM Alameda Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP, the business address for each of which is Atalaya Capital Management LP. Information derived from a Schedule 13G filed on September 3, 2021. 

49 

(8) 
 Represents shares held directly by Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company PMSMF ), as reported by its investment advisor with respect to such shares, Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., an investment fund manager, portfolio manager, exempt market dealer and commodity trading manager registered with the Ontario Securities Commission incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada. The business address for Polar Asset Management is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. Information derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 10, 2023. 

(9) 
 Represents shares held for Magnetar Constellation Fund II, Ltd Constellation Fund II ), Magnetar Constellation Master Fund, Ltd Constellation Master Fund ), Magnetar Systematic Multi-Strategy Master Fund Ltd Systematic Master Fund ), Magnetar Capital Master Fund Ltd Master Fund ), Magnetar Xing He Master Fund Ltd Xing He Master Fund ), Purpose Alternative Credit Fund Ltd Purpose Fund ), Magnetar SC Fund Ltd SC Fund ), all Cayman Islands exempted companies; Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP Structured Credit Fund ), a Delaware limited partnership; and Magnetar Lake Credit Fund LLC ("Lake Credit Fund") and Purpose Alternative Credit Fund - T LLC ("Purpose Fund - T"), Delaware limited liability companies; collectively (the Magnetar Funds ). Magnetar Financial LLC Magnetar Financial serves as the investment adviser to the Magnetar Funds, and as such, Magnetar Financial exercises voting and investment power over the shares held for the Magnetar Funds accounts. Magnetar Capital Partners LP (Magnetar Capital Partners serves as the sole member and parent holding company of Magnetar Financial. Supernova Management LLC Supernova Management is the general partner of Magnetar Capital Partners. The manager of Supernova Management is David J. Snyderman. The business address of Magnetar is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13th Floor, Evanston, Illinois 60201. Information derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 9, 2023. 

(10) 
 Represents shares held by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP ), and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein, the address of each of which is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. Information derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023. 

The founder shares are
each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreements entered into by our initial
stockholders and management team. Those lock-up provisions provide that, subject to limited exceptions as described
below, such securities are not transferable or salable (i) with respect to 50 of such shares, for a period ending on the earlier of the
one-year anniversary of the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our
common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business combination and (ii) with respect
to the remaining 50 of such shares, for a period ending on the one-year anniversary of the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock
exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property. The limited exceptions include transfers, assignments or sales (i) to our or our initial stockholders 
officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to an entity s members upon its liquidation, (iii) to relatives and trusts
for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic
relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or
(vii) in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally
purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement
and to be bound by these transfer restrictions. 

Our Sponsor has also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of
the Private Placement Units, including the underlying shares of common stock and warrants (except in connection with the same limited
exceptions that the founders shares may be transferred as described above), until after the completion of our initial business
combination. The holders of the EBC founder shares agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares without our prior consent until
the completion of our initial business combination. 

The holders of the founder
shares, EBC founder shares, Private Placement Units and units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans have registration
rights requiring us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the
date of our IPO. These holders are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act.
In addition, these holders have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements
filed by us. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the holders of the EBC founder shares may only make a demand on one occasion and
only during the five-year period beginning on the Effective Date. In addition, they may participate in a piggy-back 
registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the Effective Date. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. 

50 

Mr. Gruschka, Mr. Casanova,
and Mr. Pendas are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Equity Compensation
Plans 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the registrant were authorized
for issuance. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

In October 2020, Special
Sits General Partner I SA, an entity affiliated with certain members of our management team, paid 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per
share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration for 2,875,000 shares of common stock in connection with our organization.
In February 2021, we effected a dividend of 0.5 shares for each outstanding share of common stock, resulting in there being an aggregate
of 4,312,500 founders shares outstanding. Also in February 2021, Special Sits General Partner I SA transferred 4,312,500 founders 
shares to our Sponsor. Because the underwriters in our initial public offering did not fully exercise the overallotment option, 32,844
founder shares were forfeited by our sponsor. 

The founder shares are
each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreements entered into by our initial
stockholders and management team. Those lock-up provisions provide that, subject to limited exceptions as described
below, such securities are not transferable or salable (i) with respect to 50 of such shares, for a period ending on the earlier of the
one-year anniversary of the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our
common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business combination and (ii) with respect
to the remaining 50 of such shares, for a period ending on the one-year anniversary of the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock
exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property. The limited exceptions include transfers, assignments or sales (i) to our or our initial stockholders 
officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to an entity s members upon its liquidation, (iii) to relatives and trusts
for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic
relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or
(vii) in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally
purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement
and to be bound by these transfer restrictions. 

Concurrently with our
initial public offering, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 622,966 Private Placement Units for a total purchase price of 6,229,660.
The Private Placement Units are identical to the public units. 

Concurrently with our
initial public offering, we entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition
to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

In order to meet our
working capital needs following the consummation of our initial public offering, our initial stockholders, officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in
their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial
business combination, without interest, or, at holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units at
a price of 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds
from our trust account would be used for such repayment. 

51 

The holders of our founders 
shares, EBC founder shares, and Private Placement Units, as well as any units our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates
may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights.
The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities except EarlyBirdCapital
only make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement
for our IPO. The holders of the majority of the founders shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing
three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the
Private Placement Units and units issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics, which
we adopted upon consummation of our initial public offering, requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that
could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee).
Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed
 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director
or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate
family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other
than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict-of-interest situation can
arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively.
Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of
his or her position. 

We also require each
of our directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information
about related party transactions. 

Our audit committee,
pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such
transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will
be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require
prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board
who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel.
We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors
determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such
a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are
intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest
on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

Director Independence 

Currently Mr. Montes,
Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Greystoke and Mr. Brandl are each considered an independent director under Nasdaq listing rules, which
is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a
relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only
independent directors are present to the extent they deem necessary. 

52 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum
in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual
financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings
with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 148,515 and 95,275 The above amounts include interim procedures and
audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation
and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial
accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees. We did not pay Marcum for tax planning
and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees. We did not pay Marcum for other
services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be
performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described
in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

53 

PART IV 

Item
15 . Exhibits, Financial Statements, AND Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No.88) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheet s 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at
www.sec.gov. 

54 

(b)
The following Exhibits are filed as part of this report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate. 

4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. 

4.6 
 
 Rights Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. 

4.7 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities 

10.1 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant s initial shareholders, officers and directors. 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement 

10.5 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for Private Units by initial stockholders. 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 

55 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021. 

Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File Nos. 333-254088). 

Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2022. 

Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2023. 

Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2023. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

56 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 7 th day of April, 2023. 

SPRINGWATER SPECIAL SITUATIONS CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Martin Gruschka 

Martin Gruschka 

Chief Executive Officer 

In accordance with the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Martin Gruschka 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Martin Gruschka 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Ignacio Casanova 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Ignacio Casanova 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Angel Pendas 
 
 Secretary and Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Angel Pendas 

/s/ Eduardo Montes 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Eduardo Montes 

/s/ Alexander H. Hamilton 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Alexander H. Hamilton 

/s/ Alex Greystoke 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Alex Greystoke 

/s/ Hans H. Brandl 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Alex Greystoke 

57 

SPRINGWATER SPECIAL SITUATIONS CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheet s F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 
Springwater Special Situations Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Springwater Special Situations Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements
of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial
statements, the Company's is a Special Purposes Acquisition Corporation that was formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination.
Accordingly, the Company's realization of its business plan is dependent, in part, on whether it is able to complete a business combination
with a viable target prior to its scheduled liquidation date of August 28, 2023. The Company lacks the capital resources it needs to sustain
operation through its scheduled liquidation date of August 28, 2023 and there is uncertainty as to whether the Company will be in a position
to fund any extensions of time needed to defer the liquidation date of the business should a business combination target be found. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans with regard to these
matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021 . 

April 7, 2023 

F- 2 

SPRINGWATER SPECIAL SITUATIONS CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Prepaid Expenses Long Term 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 17,118,624 and no shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated earnings (deficit) 

Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

SPRINGWATER SPECIAL SITUATIONS CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income bank 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Other income, net 

Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Redeemable Common stock

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Redeemable Common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable Common stock

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Non-redeemable Common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

SPRINGWATER SPECIAL SITUATIONS CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER
31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance January 1, 2021 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Issuance of Representative Shares 

Excess fair value over the amount paid of Founder Shares transferred to Anchor Investors 

Allocated value of transaction costs to warrants 

Accretion for common stock to redemption amount 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion for common stock to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

SPRINGWATER SPECIAL SITUATIONS CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units sold, the Public
Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

units (the Private Units at a price of per Private
Unit in a private placement to Springwater Promote LL (the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., the representative of the
underwriters in the Initial Public Offering, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Units, at per Unit, and the sale of an additional Private
Placement Units, at per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of . A total of was deposited
into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate gross proceeds held in the Trust Account to . 

consisting
of of underwriting fees, for the excess fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the Anchor Investors (see
Note 5), for the excess fair value of the EBC Founder Shares (see Note 6) and of other offering costs. 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account).
The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued
and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

F- 7 

per Public Share without taking into account any interest), including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public shares, subject to certain
limitations as described in the prospectus. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting,
and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination. There will be no redemption rights
upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 

of its Public Shares
if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares,
such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s
warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

F- 8 

). 

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public
Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per public Share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under
the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to
be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by
endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective
target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 9 

in its operating bank account and working capital of (after adding back in franchise tax payable as that liability,
which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet, is allowed to be settled using earnings from the Trust Account,
 of franchises taxes paid out of operating cash account not yet reimbursed from the Trust Account and in income
tax payable which is allowed to be settled using earnings from the Trust Account), which excludes of interest earned on the
Trust Account that is available to pay franchise and income taxes payable. If the estimate of the costs of identifying a target business,
undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company
may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to a Business Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain
additional financing or draw on the Working Capital Loans (as defined below) either to complete a Business Combination or because it becomes
obligated to redeem a significant number of the Public Shares upon consummation of a Business Combination, in which case the Company may
issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities
laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If the Company is
unable to complete the Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available, the Company will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the Business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, the Company may need
to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. 

F- 10 

shares of common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 and 2021are presented as
temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

F- 11 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

F- 12 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss), per common stock

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 

F- 13 

Units, at a price of per Unit. 

Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment
option. 

Private Placement Units at a price of 
per Private Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of . On September 7, 2021, the Company consummated the sale of an
additional Private Placement Units, at per Private Placement Unit. The proceeds from the Private Placement Units were added
to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares
(subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Units will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights
or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Units and underlying securities. 

to cover
certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for of the Company s common stock (the Founder Shares ).
As of February 16, 2021, the Company effected a dividend of shares for each outstanding share of common stock, resulting in there
being an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares that were
subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised, so that the number
of Founder Shares would equal of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial Public Offering (assuming
the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the EBC founder shares) (see Note 6). As a
result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, a total of Founder Shares are no
longer subject to forfeiture. Accordingly, Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor. 

Founder Shares.
The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the Anchor Investors to be , or 
per share. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares over the amount paid was determined to be a contribution to the Company
from the founders in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5T and an offering cost in accordance with SAB Topic 5A. Accordingly,
the offering cost were recorded against additional paid in capital in accordance with the accounting of other offering costs. 

F- 14 

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no outstanding balance. 

of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per unit. The units would
be identical to the Private Placement Units. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are no Working capital Loans outstanding. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions (see Note 7). 

per Unit, or in the aggregate paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and upon exercise
of the over-allotment option. Pursuant to the underwriting agreement, the Company granted to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., for a period of from the commencement of sales of the Initial Public Offering, the right to act as co-underwriter for the next U.S. registered public
offering of securities undertaken by any of the Company s officers for the purpose of raising capital and placing or more of
the proceeds in a trust or escrow account to be used to acquire one or more operating businesses that have not been identified at the
time of such public offering. The terms of such offering shall be mutually determined in good faith by the applicable insider(s) and the
representative and will be based on the prevailing market for similar offerings. 

F- 15 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering. Additionally, the Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital
a cash fee equal to of the total consideration payable in the Business Combination if it introduces the Company to the target business
with which it completes a Business Combination. 

and shares of common stock (the EBC founder shares ), respectively.
The Company accounted for the excess fair value over the price paid for the EBC founder shares as an offering cost of the Initial Public
Offering, with a corresponding credit to stockholders equity. The issuance of these shares presented in the Company s financial
statements were revised to reflect the shares issued in December 2020 and July 2021. The excess fair value over the amount paid of the
EBC founder shares was as of July 15, 2021. The holders of the EBC founder shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell
any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their conversion rights
(or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of common stock, with a par value of per share. Holders of the common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding
 shares of common stock subject to possible redemption, which are presented as temporary equity. 

from
the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 16 

F- 17 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

Startup Costs 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. Net operating losses generated
do not expire. 

and , respectively. 

F- 18 

Fines and penalties 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

for the year ended December 31, 2021,
due to the valuation allowance recorded on the Company s capitalized start up costs. 

and 
recorded in the Sale of Private Placement Units line item in the Statement of Stockholders Equity, 

F- 19 

Exercise price 

Probability of a Business Combination occurring 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

1 

public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate of in cash.
In connection with the special meeting, the Company s board of directors approved a dividend of rights Rights to
holders of public shares who did not seek redemption of their Public Shares in connection with the stockholder vote in connection with
the extension. Each Right will entitle the holder to receive (1/12.5) of a share of Common Stock upon consummation
of the Company s initial business combination. The Company issued Rights entitling the holders to receive an aggregate
of up to shares of common stock. 

F-20 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-7_springwater.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

General 

The following description summarizes the material
terms of the securities of Springwater Special Situations Corp. (the Company, we, us, and our ).
Because this description is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For a complete description
you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws, warrant agreement and rights agreement, which are filed
as exhibits (including by incorporation) to the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to the applicable
provisions of Delaware law. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one-half of
one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock exercisable at 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment. 

Common Stock 

We are authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares
of common stock, par value 0.0001. Our stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted
on by stockholders. Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken
at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent
in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number
of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present
and voted, and shall be delivered to us by delivery to our registered office in the State of Delaware, our principal place of business,
or one of our officers or agents having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made
to our registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt notice of the taking of
the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented
in writing. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, if we do not consummate an initial business combination by August 28, 2023 or such later date as may be approved by
our stockholders in an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our corporate existence will cease except for
the purposes of winding up our affairs and liquidating. If we are forced to liquidate prior to an initial business combination, our public
stockholders are entitled to share ratably in the trust account, based on the amount then held in the trust account. 

In connection with any vote held to approve our
initial business combination, our initial stockholders and all of our officers and directors have agreed to vote their respective shares
of common stock in favor of the proposed business combination. 

We will consummate our initial business combination
only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of such business combination
and, solely if a vote is held to approve a business combination, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted
in favor of the business combination. 

At any meeting called to approve an initial business
combination, public stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid
the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
less any taxes then due but not yet paid. 

Our initial stockholders, officers and directors,
and the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering have agreed to waive their rights to participate in any liquidation
distribution from the trust account occurring upon our failure to consummate an initial business combination with respect to the shares
of common stock acquired by them prior to or simultaneously with the initial public offering. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors,
and the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering will therefore not participate in any liquidation distribution
from the trust account with respect to such shares. They will, however, participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account
with respect to any shares of common stock acquired following the initial public offering. 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no
cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares eligible
to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 

Our stockholders have no conversion, preemptive
or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of common stock, except that
public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in a tender offer or have their shares of common stock converted to cash
equal to their pro rata share of the trust account in connection with the consummation of our business combination. Public stockholders
who sell or convert their stock into their share of the trust account still have the right to exercise the warrants that they received
as part of the units. 

Preferred Stock 

There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designation,
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered,
without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely
affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of common stock. However, the underwriting agreement entered into by us in connection
with our initial public offering prohibits us, prior to a business combination, from issuing preferred stock which participates in any
manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or which votes as a class with the common stock on a business combination. We may issue some
or all of the preferred stock to effect a business combination. In addition, the preferred stock could be utilized as a method of discouraging,
delaying or preventing a change in control of us. 

Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing
30 days after the completion of an initial business combination. However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have
an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current
prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of
common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our
initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period
when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption
provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption,
is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In the event of such cashless exercise, each
holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between
the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair
market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 5 trading days
ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial
business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon conversion or liquidation. 

We may call the warrants for redemption, in whole
and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, 

at any time after the warrants become exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice
of redemption to each warrant holder, 

2 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares
of common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations,
and the like), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and
ending on the third trading day prior to the sending of notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement
in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. 

The right to exercise will be forfeited unless
the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder
of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such
warrant. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described
above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 
In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by
the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair
market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common
stock for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants. 

The warrants have been issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants in order
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number of shares of common
stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary
dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not be
adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

If (x) we issue additional shares of common
stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by our board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates,
without taking into account any founders shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from
such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business
combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted
average trading price of our common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate
our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which
we issue the additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the price at which we issue the additional
shares of common stock or equity-linked securities. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or
official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges
of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After
the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of
record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

3 

Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction
on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that,
after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the shares of common stock outstanding. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise
of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon
exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Rights 

Except in cases where we are not the surviving
company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one-twelve-and-a-halfth (1/12.5) of a share of common
stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of a public right converted all shares held by him, her
or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In
the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required
to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-twelve-and-a-halfth (1/12.5) of a share of common stock underlying
each right upon consummation of the business combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights
in order to receive his, her or its additional shares of common stock upon consummation of an initial business combination. The shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). If we
enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will
provide for the holders of rights to receive the same consideration per share of common stock the holders of the shares will receive in
the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis. 

We will not issue fractional shares in connection
with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will be addressed in accordance with Section 155 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust
account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from
our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver
securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required
to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

The rights have been issued in registered form
under a rights agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent, and us. The rights agreement provides
that the terms of the rights may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision,
but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding rights in order to make any
change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares
of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings,
if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

Our Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent and Rights
Agent 

The transfer agent for our securities, warrant
agent for our warrants and rights agent for our rights is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, 1 State Street, New York,
New York 10004. 

Listing of our Securities 

Our units, common stock and warrants are listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols SWSSU, SWSS, and SWSSW, respectively. The rights
are not listed on a national securities exchange. 

4 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws 

Staggered board of directors 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors of approximately equal size. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our
stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our president or by our chairman or by our secretary
at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority of our issued and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote. 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder
proposals and director nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to
bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of
stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be delivered
to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 60 th day nor earlier than the close of
business on the 90 th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. In the event that less than
70 days notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting of stockholders is given, a stockholder s
notice shall be timely if delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the 10 th day following the day on
which public announcement of the date of our annual meeting of stockholders is first made or sent by us. Our bylaws also specify certain
requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing
matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Authorized but unissued shares 

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred
stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including
future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved
common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest,
tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive Forum Selection 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and
employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware,
except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court
or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction or (D) arising
under the Securities Act. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented
to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency
in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable,
and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although
our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder
and therefore bring a claim in another appropriate forum. Additionally, we cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision
is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action
in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that the exclusive forum provision is applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange
Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

5 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_springwater.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Martin Gruschka, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Springwater Special Situations Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 7, 2023 

/s/ Martin Gruschka 

Martin Gruschka 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_springwater.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ignacio Casanova,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Springwater Special Situations Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 7, 2023 

/s/ Ignacio Casanova 

Ignacio Casanova 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_springwater.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report of Springwater Special Situations Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Martin Gruschka, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: April 7, 2023 

/s/ Martin Gruschka 

Martin Gruschka 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_springwater.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report of Springwater Special Situations Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ignacio Casanova, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: April 7, 2023 

/s/ Ignacio Casanova 

Ignacio Casanova 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 swss-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 swss-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 swss-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 swss-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 swss-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

