<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230629_10-K_edgar_data_1553404_0001213900-23-052925.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8580867</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192995</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2302087</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1929690</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2039238</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1905206</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-052925.hdr.sgml : 20230629
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230629161148
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-052925
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230629
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230629

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pacific Green Technologies Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001553404
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT [4955]
		IRS NUMBER:				522171803
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54756
		FILM NUMBER:		231057512

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8 THE GREEN
		STREET 2:		SUITE #10212
		CITY:			DOVER
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		00 1 302 601 4659

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4, ALBEMARLE ST
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W1S 4GA

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-052925.txt : 20230629

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_pacificgreen.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from [ ] to [ ] 

Commission
file number 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

N/A 
 
 (Former
 name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered OTC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of Common Stock held
by non-affiliates of the Registrant on September 30, 2022, was based on a 0.89 average bid and asked price of such common
equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 

common shares issued and outstanding
as of June 29, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Table
of Contents 

Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 11 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 11 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 14 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 20 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 21 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 22 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 22 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 23 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 28 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 30 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 31 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 32 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 33 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 33 

i 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some
cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects ,
 plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors , that
may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from
any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States,
we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Our
financial statements are stated in United States dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles. 

In
this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common
shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

As used in this annual report and unless otherwise
indicated, the terms we , us , our , Pacific Green , the Company , and
 our company mean Pacific Green Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, and our wholly owned subsidiaries, (1) Pacific
Green Innoergy Technologies Ltd., a United Kingdom company, (2) Pacific Green Marine Technologies Group Inc., a Delaware corporation,
(3) Pacific Green Marine Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, (4) Pacific Green Technologies (UK) Ltd. (Formerly Pacific Green Marine
Technologies Ltd.), a United Kingdom company, (5) Pacific Green Technologies (Middle East) Holdings Ltd., a United Arab
Emirates company, (6) Pacific Green Technologies Arabia LLC, 70 owned, a Kingdom of Saudi Arabia company, (7) Pacific Green Technologies
(Canada) Inc., a Canadian corporation, (8) Pacific Green Solar Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, (9) Pacific Green Technologies
International Ltd., a British Virgin Islands company, (10) Pacific Green Technologies Asia Ltd., a Hong Kong company, (11) Pacific Green
Technologies Engineering Services Limited (Formerly Pacific Green Technologies China Ltd.), a Hong Kong company, (12) Pacific Green Technologies
(Australia) Pty Ltd., an Australia company, (13) Pacific Green Technologies (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. (Formerly Shanghai Engin Digital Technology
Co. Ltd.), a Chinese company, (14) Guangdong Northeast Power Engineering Design Co. Ltd., a Chinese company, (15) Pacific Green Energy
Parks Inc., a Delaware corporation, (16) Pacific Green Energy Storage Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, (17) Pacific Green Energy
Storage (UK) Ltd. (Formerly Pacific Green Marine Technologies Trading Ltd.), a United Kingdom company, (18) Pacific Green Battery Energy
Parks 1 Ltd., 50 owned, a United Kingdom company, (19) Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 2 Ltd., a United Kingdom company, (20) Richborough
Energy Park Ltd., 50 owned, a United Kingdom company, unless otherwise indicated, (21) Pacific Green Energy Parks (UK) Ltd., a United
Kingdom company, (22) Sheaf Energy Ltd., a United Kingdom company. 

Corporate
History 

Our
company was incorporated in Delaware on March 10, 1994, under the name of Beta Acquisition Corp. In September 1995, we changed our name
to In-Sports International, Inc. In August 2002, we changed our name from In-Sports International, Inc. to ECash, Inc. In 2007, due to
limited financial resources, we discontinued our operations. Over the course of the ensuing five years, we sought out new business opportunities. 

1 

On
June 13, 2012, we changed our name to Pacific Green Technologies Inc. and effected a reverse split of our common stock following which
we had 27,002 shares of common stock outstanding with 0.001 par value. 

Effective
December 4, 2012, we filed with the Delaware Secretary of State a Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, wherein we
increased our authorized share capital to 510,000,000 shares of stock as follows: 

500,000,000
 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001; and 

10,000,000
 shares of preferred stock with a par value of 0.001. 

The
increase of authorized capital was approved by our board of directors on July 1, 2012 and by a majority of our stockholders by a resolution
dated July 1, 2012. 

Original
Strategy and Recent Business 

Since
2012, the Company has focused on marketing, developing and acquiring technologies designed to improve the environment by reducing pollution.
The Company has acquired technologies, patents and intellectual property from EnviroTechnologies Inc. through share transfer, assignment
and representation agreements entered into during 2012 and 2013. Following those acquisitions, management has expanded the registration
of intellectual property rights around the world and pursued opportunities globally for the development and marketing of the emission
control technologies. 

Working
with a worldwide network of agents to market the ENVI-Systems emission control technologies, the Company has focused on three
applications of the technology: 

ENVI-Marine TM 

Diesel
exhaust from ships, ferries and tankers includes ash and soot as particulate components and sulfur dioxide as an acid gas. Testing has
been conducted on diesel shipping to confirm the application of seawater as a neutralizing agent for sulfur emissions as well as capturing
particulate matter. In addition to marine applications, these tests also showed applicability of the system for large displacement engines
such as stationary generators, compressors, container handling, heavy construction and mining equipment. 

ENVI-Pure TM 

Increasing legislation relating to landfill of municipal solid waste
has led to the emergence of increasing numbers of waste to energy plants WtE ). A WtE plant obviates the need for landfill,
burning municipal waste for conversion to electricity. A WtE plant is typically 45-100MW. The ENVI-Clean system is particularly
suited to WtE as it cleans multiple pollutants in a single system. 

ENVI-Clean TM 

EnviroTechnologies
Inc. has successfully conducted sulfur dioxide demonstration tests at the American Bituminous Coal Partners power plant in Grant Town,
West Virginia. The testing achieved a three test average of 99.3 removal efficiency. The implementation of US Clean Air regulations
in July 2010 has created additional demand for sulfur dioxide removal in all industries emitting sulfur pollution. Furthermore, China
consumes approximately one half of the world s coal, but introduced measures designed to reduce energy and carbon intensity in
its 12th Five Year Plan. Applications include regional power facilities and heating for commercial buildings and greenhouses. Typical
applications range in size from 1 to 20 megawatts (MW) with power generation occupying the larger end of the range. The ENVI-Clean 
system removes most of the sulfur dioxide, particulate matter, greenhouse gases and other hazardous air pollutants from the flue gases
produced by the combustion of coal, biomass, municipal solid waste, diesel and other fuels. 

Vision
 Strategy 

Pacific
Green s vision is to be a leader in delivering innovative and viable renewable energy technology solutions that help meet the worldwide
urgency for renewables, in our rapidly changing climate. Following our proven success in Marine Emission Control technologies, we diversified
our business to deliver turnkey scalable end-to-end environmental and renewable technology solutions for the energy sector. 

2 

Our
technological solutions comprise of three main divisions: 

Emission
 Control Systems ECS 

Concentrated
 Solar Power CSP and 

Battery
 Energy Storage Systems BESS 

In
all the above areas, Pacific Green plans to execute this vision by a dual strategy of equipment sales and proactive infrastructure development
and ownership, led by acquisitions in technology capabilities and project investment opportunities. The following events highlight this: 

on
 December 20, 2019, the Company closed the acquisition of Shanghai Engin Digital Technology Co. Ltd. Engin a solar
 design, development and engineering company. Engin is a design and engineering business focused primarily on CSP, desalination and
 waste to energy technologies. Engin s CSP reference plants in China comprise over 150MW; 

on
 October 20, 2020, the Company closed the acquisition of Innoergy Limited Innoergy ), a UK based designer of BESS whose
 clients included Osaka Gas Co. Ltd, in Japan, and Limejump Limited in the UK, a subsidiary of Shell plc. The acquisition underpins
 our entry into the BESS market; 

on March 18, 2021, the Company acquired Richborough Energy Park Limited Richborough ), a BESS development project to deliver 99MW of energy in Kent, UK; 

on
 December 6, 2022, the Company acquired Sheaf Energy Limited Sheaf ), a BESS development project to deliver 249MW of
 energy in Kent, UK. 

To
support this strategy, the Company actively seeks worldwide the best talent in our core business areas, including further sales and project
execution specialists. 

Strategic
Partnerships 

Pacific
Green has forged global partnerships with private and state-owned energy providers and owners. This has empowered us to quickly provide
scalable solutions in our core areas, understand and embrace cutting-edge trends and leverage recurring revenue opportunities to cross-sell
products and services. 

The
key partnership and framework agreements include: 

Concentrated
Solar Power CSP 

On
December 23, 2019, the Company entered into an International Strategic Alliance Agreement with (1) Beijing Shouhang IHW Resources Saving
Technology Company Ltd. Shouhang ), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in China, and (2) PowerChina. This
Agreement provides for the development of CSP plants whereby (1) the Company provides the Intellectual Property, the technical know-how,
design, and engineering, (2) Shouhang, with annual revenues of approximately USD 157 million, provides manufacturing of the solar field
and molten salt tank services, and (3) PowerChina provides the EPC role worldwide. 

Battery
Energy Storage Systems BESS 

On
January 14, 2021, the Company signed a framework agreement with Shanghai Electric Gotion New Energy Technology Co., Ltd SEG ).
The agreement provides for the supply of lithium-ion BESS. SEG is a joint-venture between Shanghai Electric Group Co., Ltd. Shanghai
Electric and Guoxuan High-tech Co., Ltd. With multiple production facilities and a long-established history in technology manufacturing
and supply-chain management, SEG is well-positioned to provide lithium-ion BESS technology around the world. Shanghai Electric has operating
revenues in excess of USD 20bn. 

3 

On
March 18, 2021, the Company signed a framework agreement with TUPA Energy Limited TUPA to gain exclusive rights to 1.1GW
of BESS projects in the UK. TUPA is a UK based company with expertise in planning, grid connections and land acquisition. The Company
has to date executed 99MW in relation to the Richborough Energy Park project and 249MW in relation to the Sheaf Energy Park project. 

On May 31, 2022, the Company entered
into agreements with Instalcom Limited for Principal Contractor and the ensuing Operations and Maintenance contractor for the 99 MW battery
energy park that the Company is developing at Richborough Energy Park in Kent, England. 

On June 8, 2022, the Company announced
that it has entered into an energy optimization agreement with Shell Energy Europe Limited for the 99 MW batt ery
energy park that the Company is developing at Richborough Energy Park in Kent, UK . 

In
addition to supply agreements, on December 2, 2020, the Company signed a joint venture and marketing agreement with AMKEST to assist
with the promotion of the Company s core business platform in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the wider Middle East. Amkest Group
is overseen by its founder, Amr Khashoggi, who holds board positions in numerous influential companies and government bodies across the
Kingdom and is currently serving as Strategic Advisor to the Kingdom s prominent new development city, King Abdullah Economic City
(KAEC). Amkest Group s leadership team is led by Chief Executive Officer, Salman Alireza, whose background includes various founding,
executive and director-level positions in the business development sector within the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, in addition to an MBA from
London Business School. 

Significant
Events 

On
January 16, 2023, a postponement agreement with a major client, in which 13 marine scrubber units had been deferred, was extended from
the original expiration date of February 9, 2023, to December 31, 2023. 

On
January 26, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Jones Lang LaSalle Ltd for the sale of the 99MW Battery Storage Project
within Richborough Energy Parks, and the 249MW Battery Storage Project within Sheaf Energy Limited. 

On
February 6, 2023, 250,000 ordinary shares in the Company were issued to McClelland Management Inc. at a price of 0.73 as part of the
consideration for intellectual property transferred from McClelland Management Inc. to the Company under the terms of an IP transfer
deed dated January 4, 2023. A further 250,000 shares will be issued in January 2024 and 250,000 shares in January 2025. 

Intellectual
Property Technical Know-How 

Pacific
Green has built a unique horizontal intellectual property platform consisting of: 

ECS; 

CSP;
 and 

BESS. 

4 

We
do not own, either legally or beneficially, any registered patent or trademark, except for the
following proprietary emission abatement systems and associated marks, currently known as: 

ENVI-Clean TM ; 

ENVI-Pure TM ,
 for removing acid gases, particulate matter, dioxins, VOCs and other regulated hazardous air pollutants from the flue gases produced
 by the combustion of coal, biomass, municipal solid waste, diesel and other fuels; and 

ENVI-Marine TM ,
 a scrubber that can be applied to diesel exhaust emissions that require sulfur and particulate matter abatement (ENVI-Clean TM ,
 ENVI-Pure TM and ENVI-Marine TM together, the Technologies 

The
ENVI-Clean system has protected intellectual property rights throughout most of the world. Its technology is protected by Patent
Cooperation Treaty (PCT) patent application no. PCT/CA210/000988 filed June 25, 2010 with a priority filing date of June 25, 2009. The
International Preliminary Report on Patentability for this PCT application considered all patent claims of the application to be patentable.
EnviroTechnologies has pending national or regional phase patent applications claiming priority from PCT/CA2010/000988 covering 127 countries.
Once patents are issued, patent rights in this technology will generally endure until June 25, 2030. 

Further,
we own the rights to the US provisional patent application no. US 61/614696 for the integrated wet scrubbing system. Additionally, we
own the rights to US provisional patent application no. US 61/645874 for the flooded wet scrubbing head patent. 

We
claim copyright in all our published corporate, promotional and sales materials. 

Government
Regulations 

Some
aspects of our intended operations will be subject to a variety of federal, provincial, state and local laws, rules and regulations in
North America and worldwide relating to, among other things, worker safety and the use, storage, discharge and disposal of environmentally
sensitive materials. For example, we are subject to the Resource Conservation Recovery Act RCRA ), the principal federal
legislation regulating hazardous waste generation, management, and disposal. 

Under
some of the laws regulating the use, storage, discharge and disposal of environmentally sensitive materials, an owner or lessee of real
estate may be liable for the costs of removing or remediating certain hazardous or toxic substances located on or in, or emanating from,
such property, as well as related costs of investigation and property damage. Laws of this nature often impose liability without regard
to whether the owner or lessee knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. These laws and regulations
may require the removal or remediation of pollutants and may impose civil and criminal penalties for violations. Some of the laws and
regulations authorize the recovery of natural resource damages by the government, injunctive relief and the imposition of stop, control,
remediation, and abandonment orders. The costs arising from compliance with environmental and natural resource laws and regulations may
increase operating costs for both us and our potential customers. We are also subject to safety policies of jurisdictional-specific Workers
Compensation Boards and similar agencies regulating the health and safety of workers. 

We
are not aware of any material violations of environmental permits, licenses or approvals issued with respect to our operations. We expect
to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to our intended business. At this time, we do not anticipate any material
capital expenditures to comply with environmental or various regulations and requirements. 

5 

Subsidiaries 

Our Company s wholly owned subsidiaries
are (1) Pacific Green Innoergy Technologies Ltd., a United Kingdom company, (2) Pacific Green Marine Technologies Group Inc., a Delaware
corporation, (3) Pacific Green Marine Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, (4) Pacific Green Technologies (UK) Ltd. (Formerly Pacific
Green Marine Technologies Ltd.), a United Kingdom company, (5) Pacific Green Technologies (Middle East) Holdings Ltd.,
a United Arab Emirates company, (6) Pacific Green Technologies Arabia LLC, 70 owned, a Kingdom of Saudi Arabia company, (7) Pacific Green
Technologies (Canada) Inc., a Canadian corporation, (8) Pacific Green Solar Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, (9) Pacific Green
Technologies International Ltd., a British Virgin Islands company, (10) Pacific Green Technologies Asia Ltd., a Hong Kong company, (11)
Pacific Green Technologies Engineering Services Limited (Formerly Pacific Green Technologies China Ltd.), a Hong Kong company, (12) Pacific
Green Technologies (Australia) Pty Ltd., an Australia company, (13) Pacific Green Technologies (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. (Formerly Shanghai
Engin Digital Technology Co. Ltd.), a Chinese company, (14) Guangdong Northeast Power Engineering Design Co. Ltd., a Chinese company,
(15) Pacific Green Energy Parks Inc., a Delaware corporation, (16) Pacific Green Energy Storage Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation,
(17) Pacific Green Energy Storage (UK) Ltd. (Formerly Pacific Green Marine Technologies Trading Ltd.), a United Kingdom company, (18)
Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 1 Ltd., 50 owned, a United Kingdom company, (19) Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 2 Ltd., a United
Kingdom company, (20) Richborough Energy Park Ltd., 50 owned, a United Kingdom company, unless otherwise indicated, (21) Pacific Green
Energy Parks (UK) Ltd., a United Kingdom company, (22) Sheaf Energy Ltd., a United Kingdom company. 

REPORTS
TO SECURITY HOLDERS 

We
are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and our filings are available to the public over the internet at the Securities and Exchange Commission s website at http://www.sec.gov.
The public may read and copy any materials filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commission s
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street N.E. Washington D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference
Room by calling the Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-732-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports,
proxy and formation statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, at http://www.sec.gov. 

Employees 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company s subsidiaries employed people in Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, Saudi Arabia and China. The
Company also relies heavily upon the use of contractors and consultants. The Company employed 45 full-time employees as of March 31,
2023 (53 as of March 31, 2022) that serve in technical, commercial, and administrative roles. 

The
Company is committed to providing its employees with a safe and healthy work environment, free from harassment or discrimination (based
on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, caste, or other legally
protected characteristic), intimidation, or personal behavior not conducive to a productive work climate. The Company is an equal opportunity
employer committed to inclusion and diversity. 

In
order to attract and retain quality employees, the Company offers competitive remuneration. The Company invests in tools and resources
that support employees individual growth and development. 

6 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 

We
have a limited operating history with significant losses. 

We
have yet to establish a sustained history of profitable operations. We incurred a cumulative deficit of 96,847,650 for the period from
April 5, 2011 (inception) to March 31, 2023. We generated our first revenues during the year ended March 31, 2018 of 1,995,000. Our
profitability will depend on our ability to successfully market and sell the Technologies, which is not a given. The economic driver
for the purchase by shipping companies for our marine scrubbers is primarily the spread between low-cost (high sulfur) bunker fuel and
high-cost (low sulfur) bunker fuel. Over the last two years we have been exploring alternative strategies to complement our emission
control Technologies and have identified opportunities for both concentrated solar power and battery energy storage systems technologies
in various geographies around the world, to support a global transition away from the use of hydrocarbons. We are taking a medium- to
long-term view of these opportunities and are at an early stage in pursuing and developing them, with no certainty of becoming profitable
and cash-generative ventures. 

We
may not be able to secure additional financing to meet our future capital needs due to changes in general economic conditions. 

We
anticipate needing significant capital to develop our sales force and effectively market the Technologies and develop the BESS facilities.
We may use capital more rapidly than currently anticipated and incur higher operating expenses than currently expected, and we may be
required to depend on external financing to satisfy our operating and capital needs. We may need new or additional financing in the future
to conduct our operations or expand our business. Any sustained weakness in the general economic conditions and/or financial markets
in the United States or globally could adversely affect our ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all. From time to time
we have relied, and may also rely in the future, on access to financial markets as a source of liquidity to satisfy working capital requirements
and for general corporate purposes. We may be unable to secure debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, at the
time when we need such funding. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic significantly increased the volatility of financial markets and now, the ongoing Russian-Ukraine conflict has also
contributed to this volatility and unpredictability and may continue to do so. This could eliminate our access to financing, and/or significantly
increase its cost. 

If
we do raise funds by issuing additional equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership percentages of existing stockholders would
be reduced, and the securities that we issue may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of the holders of our common
stock or may be issued at a discount to the market price of our common stock which would result in dilution to our existing stockholders.
If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to debt covenants, which could place limitations on our operations including
our ability to declare and pay dividends. Our inability to raise additional funds on a timely basis would make it difficult for us to
achieve our business objectives and would have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses, delays and difficulties as well as the following factors: 

our
 business model and strategy are still evolving, with continual reviews and revisions; 

we
 may not be able to raise the capital required to develop our initial client base and reputation; and 

we
 may not be able to successfully develop our planned products and services. 

We
cannot be sure that we will be successful in meeting these challenges and addressing these risks and uncertainties. If we are unable
to do so, our business will not be successful and the value of your investment in us will decline. 

7 

Risks
Related to our Business and Operations 

The
development and expansion of our business through acquisitions, joint ventures, and other strategic transactions may create risks that
may reduce the benefits we anticipate from these strategic alliances and may prevent us from achieving or sustaining profitability. 

We
intend to enter into technology acquisition and licensing agreements and strategic alliances such as joint ventures or partnerships in
order to develop and commercialize our proposed technologies and services, and to increase our competitiveness. Our management is unable
to predict whether or when we will secure any such commitments or agreements, or whether such commitments or agreements will be secured
on favorable terms and conditions. 

Our
ability to continue or expand our operations through acquisitions, joint ventures or other strategic alliances depends on many factors,
including our ability to identify acquisitions, joint ventures, or partnerships, or access capital markets on acceptable terms. Even
if we are able to identify strategic alliance targets, we may be unable to obtain the necessary financing to complete these transactions
and could financially overextend ourselves. 

Acquisitions,
joint ventures or other strategic transactions may present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including diversion of management
attention from existing business and difficulties in integrating operations and personnel. Acquisitions or other strategic alliances
also pose the risk that we may be exposed to successor liability relating to prior actions involving a predecessor company, or contingent
liabilities incurred before a strategic transaction. Due diligence conducted in connection with an acquisition, and any contractual guarantees
or indemnities that we receive from sellers of acquired companies, may not be sufficient to protect us from, or compensate us for, actual
liabilities. Liabilities associated with an acquisition, or a strategic transaction could adversely affect our business and financial
performance and reduce the benefits of the acquisition or strategic transaction. Any failure to integrate new businesses or manage any
new alliances successfully could adversely affect our business and financial performance and prevent us from achieving profitability. 

We
are dependent upon our officers for execution of our business plan. 

Our
future success depends heavily upon the continuing services of the members of our senior management team. If one or more of our senior
executives or other key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them
easily or at all, and our business may be disrupted, and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected. Competition for senior management and key personnel is intense, the pool of qualified candidates is very limited, and we may
not be able to retain the services of our senior executives or key personnel or attract and retain high-quality senior executives or
key personnel in the future. We do not currently maintain key man insurance on our senior managers. 

Adverse
economic conditions. 

Economic
downturns and financial crises in the global markets could produce illiquidity in the capital markets, market volatility, increased exposure
to interest rate and credit risks and reduced access to capital markets. If global financial markets and economic conditions significantly
deteriorate in the future, we may face restricted access to the capital markets or bank lending, which may make it more difficult and
costly to fund future growth. Decreased access to such resources could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Adverse
conditions or developments impacting our customers may lead to their decline in the ability to pay for our services, which could reduce
demand and result in customer defaulting on our current contracts and charters. 

8 

We
may not be successful in expanding our operations and any expansion may not be profitable. Our long-term strategy of growth through acquisitions
involves business risks commonly encountered in acquisitions of companies, including: 

interruption
 of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of an acquired company s businesses and our businesses; 

additional
 demands on members of our senior management while integrating acquired businesses, which would decrease the time they have to manage
 our existing business, service existing customers and attract new customers; 

difficulties
 identifying suitable acquisition candidates; 

difficulties
 integrating the operations, personnel and business culture of acquired companies; 

difficulties
 coordinating and managing geographically separate organizations; 

adverse
 effects on relationships with our existing suppliers and customers, and those of the companies acquired; 

difficulties
 entering geographic markets or new market segments in which we have no or limited experience; and 

loss
 of key officers and employees of acquired companies. 

Acquisitions
may not be profitable to us at the time of their completion and may not generate revenues sufficient to justify our investment. In addition,
our acquisition growth strategy exposes us to risks that may harm our results of operations and financial condition, including risks
that we may: fail to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost-savings, revenue and cash flow enhancements and earnings accretion; decrease
our liquidity by using a significant portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity to finance acquisitions; incur additional indebtedness,
which may result in significantly increased interest expense or financial leverage, or issue additional equity securities to finance
acquisitions, which may result in significant shareholder dilution; incur or assume unanticipated liabilities, losses or costs associated
with the business acquired; or incur other significant charges, such as impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, asset devaluation
or restructuring charges. 

Exposure
to currency exchange rate fluctuations results in fluctuations in our cashflows and operating results. 

Most
of our revenue is earned in USD apart from a portion of our operating costs, which leads to fluctuations in net income due to FX, in
particular the changing value of GBP to USD and our operating results which are reported in USD. Under U.S. accounting guidelines, all
foreign currency-denominated monetary assets, and liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, restricted cash,
accounts payable, accrued liabilities, advances from affiliates and long-term debt are revalued and reported based on the prevailing
exchange rate at the end of the applicable period. This revaluation historically has caused us to report significant unrealized foreign
currency exchange gains or losses each period. 

We
are at risk that the Technologies will not perform to expectations. 

As
at the date of this annual report, the Technologies have been tested to satisfactory requirements but there is no guarantee that the
Technologies will continue to perform satisfactorily in the future which would damage our prospects. 

The
market for alternative energy products, technologies or services is emerging and rapidly evolving and its future success is uncertain.
Insufficient demand for the Technologies would prevent us from achieving or sustaining profitability. 

It
is possible that we may spend large sums of money to bring the Technologies to market, but demand may not develop or may develop more
slowly than we anticipate. 

Our
future success is currently dependent on our Technologies and: 

(a) 
 our
 ability to quickly react to technological innovations; 

(b) 
 the
 cost-effectiveness of our Technologies; 

9 

(c) 
 the
 performance and reliability of alternative energy products and services that we develop; 

(d) 
 our
 ability to formalize marketing relationships or secure commitments for our Technologies, products and services; and 

(e) 
 realization
 of sufficient funding to support our marketing and business development plans. 

We
may be unable to develop widespread commercial markets for our Technologies. We may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability. 

Competition
within the renewable energy industry may prevent us from becoming profitable. 

The
renewable energy industry is competitive and fragmented and includes numerous small companies capable of competing effectively in the
market we target as well as several large companies that possess substantially greater financial and other resources than we do. Larger
competitors greater resources could allow those competitors to compete more effectively than we can with our Technologies. A number
of competitors have developed more mature businesses than us and have successfully built their names in the international alternative
energy markets. These various competitors may be able to offer products, sustainability technologies or services more competitively priced
and more widely available than our Technologies and may also have greater resources to create or develop new technologies and products
than us. Failure to compete in the alternative energy industry may prevent us from becoming profitable, and thus you may lose your entire
investment. 

We
are heavily dependent upon the supply of goods and services from suppliers and partners in China 

The Company has a significant supply chain based
in China, predominantly being the project management and production of marine scrubber units, and more recently the production of lithium-ion
battery units and related equipment for the BESS facilities being developed by the Company in the UK and elsewhere. Whilst there is undoubtedly
a concentration of political risk, there is mitigation to this from the fact that our battery supplier is in the process of building multiple
facilities outside China which could be used in the event that US/China trading relationships are adversely affected. 

Legal,
Regulatory and Litigation Risks 

Our
business is subject to environmental and consumer protection legislation and any changes in such legislation could prevent us from becoming
profitable. 

The
energy production and technology industries are subject to many laws and regulations which govern the protection of the environment,
quality control standards, health and safety requirements, and the management, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances and
other waste. Environmental laws and regulations may require removal or remediation of pollutants and may impose civil and criminal penalties
for violations. Some environmental laws and regulations authorize the recovery of natural resource damages by the government, injunctive
relief and the imposition of stop, control, remediation, and abandonment orders. Similarly, consumer protection laws impose quality control
standards on products marketed to the public and prohibit the distribution and marketing of products not meeting those standards. 

The
costs arising from compliance with environmental and consumer protection laws and regulations may increase operating costs for both us
and our potential customers. Any regulatory changes that impose additional environmental restrictions or quality control requirements
on us or on our potential customers could adversely affect us through increased operating costs and potential decreased demand for our
services, which could prevent us from becoming profitable. 

10 

Risks
Related to our Stockholders and Shares of Common Stock 

The
continued sale of our equity securities will dilute the ownership percentage of our existing stockholders and may decrease the market
price for our common stock. 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company s cash reserves are approximately 1.16 million. We expect to continue our efforts to market, manufacture
and deliver our Technologies to customers. Should the Company need additional resources, we may consider selling additional equity securities
which will result in dilution to our existing stockholders. In short, our continued need to sell equity will result in reduced percentage
ownership interests for all of our investors, which may decrease the market price for our common stock. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends and there will thus be fewer ways in which you are able to make a gain on your investment. 

We
have never paid dividends and do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. To the extent that we may require additional
funding currently not provided for in our financing plan, our funding sources may prohibit the declaration of dividends. Because we do
not intend to pay dividends, any gain on your investment will need to result from an appreciation in the price of our common stock. There
will therefore be fewer ways in which you are able to make a gain on your investment. In the future when we do intend to pay dividends,
we will formalize a dividend policy. 

Because
the SEC imposes additional sales practice requirements on brokers who deal in shares of penny stocks, some brokers may be unwilling to
trade our securities. This means that you may have difficulty reselling your shares, which may cause the value of your investment to
decline. 

Our
shares are classified as penny stocks and are covered by Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act which imposes additional sales practice requirements on brokers-dealers who sell our securities in this offering or in the aftermarket.
For sales of our securities, broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination and receive a written agreement prior from
you to making a sale on your behalf. Because of the imposition of the foregoing additional sales practices, it is possible that broker-dealers
will not want to make a market in our common stock. This could prevent you from reselling your shares and may cause the value of your
investment to decline. 

Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) sales practice requirements may limit your ability to buy and sell our common stock, which could
depress the price of our shares. 

FINRA
rules require broker-dealers to have reasonable grounds for believing that an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending
that investment to the customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers
must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status and investment objectives,
among other things. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability such speculative low-priced
securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend
that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares, have an adverse effect on the market
for our shares, and thereby depress our share price. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
may have risks associated with the security of our information technology systems. 

We
make significant efforts to maintain the security of our information technology systems and protect our critical data. Despite our continuing
efforts, cyber-attacks may occur that could significantly disrupt our business activities and financial performance, resulting in loss
of revenues, reputation, and customer relationships. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

As
a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
registered business address for correspondence is Suite #10212 8 The Green, Dover, DE 19901. Our telephone number is (302) 601-4659. 

We
have an operations headquarters, based at 4 Albemarle Street, London, W1S 4GA, United Kingdom. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding
or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered beneficial shareholder,
is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

11 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our
common shares are quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol PGTK , but trade infrequently. Our common shares are not currently
listed on the NASDAQ. 

The
high and low bid prices of our common stock for the periods indicated below are as follows: 

OTCQB (1) 
 
 Quarter
 Ended 
 High( 
 Low( 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 0.74 
 0.53 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.98 
 0.63 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 1 .09 
 0.75 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 1 .0 0 
 0.54 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 1.49 
 0.72 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 1.99 
 0.80 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 2.00 
 1.11 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 2.82 
 1.05 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 3.76 
 1.28 
 
 December 31, 2020 
 4.65 
 0.80 
 
 September 30, 2020 
 1.50 
 0.62 
 
 June 30, 2020 
 2.50 
 1.15 
 
 March 31, 2020 
 3.35 
 1.20 

) Data
 source: yahoo finance website. 

1. 
 Over-the-counter
 market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions.
 Our shares did not begin trading until June 14, 2012. Our transfer agent is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, 6201 15th
 Avenue, Brooklyn, New York, 11219; telephone number (718) 921-8200; facsimile number (718) 765-8711. 

As of June 29, 2023, there were 285 holders of
record of our common stock. As of such date, 49,970,724 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends to date and do not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present
intention of management to utilize all available funds for the development of our business. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
January 15, 2021, the Company granted 25,000 stock options to Richard Fraser-Smith. These options are exercisable at a 25 discount to
the average of the 30 trading days immediately prior to January 15, 2021. The options are exercisable on January 15, 2022 for a period
of 3 years or 12 months following the termination of officer s employment contract dated January 15, 2020, whichever is earlier. 

On
March 31, 2021, the Company granted 75,000 stock options to Riseley D Souza. 25,000 options at the exercise price of 0.01 and
50,000 options at the exercise price of 1.50. The options are exercisable on March 31, 2021 for a period of three years. 

On
January 15, 2022, the Company granted 25,000 stock options to Richard Fraser-Smith. These options are exercisable at a 25 discount to
the average of the 30 trading days immediately prior to January 15, 2022. The options are exercisable on January 15, 2023 for a period
of 3 years or 12 months following the termination of officer s employment contract dated January 15, 2020, whichever is earlier. 

On
March 15, 2022, the Company granted 100,000 stock options to Peter Rossbach at the exercise price of 1.20. 60,000 options are exercisable
on March 15, 2022 for a period of 3 years. 40,000 options are exercisable on August 1, 2022 for a period of 3 years. 

12 

On
October 1, 2022, the Company granted 60,000 stock options to Eric Prouty. 10,000 options at the exercise price of 0.01, 25,000 options
at the exercise price of 2.50 and 25,000 at the exercise price of 3.75. These options are exercisable on October 1, 2022 for a period
of 2 years. 

On
November 1, 2022, the Company granted 200,000 stock options to McClelland Management. These options are exercisable at 0.10 on November
1, 2022 for a period of 2 years. 

On
March 01, 2023, the Company granted 25,000 stock options to Richard Fraser-Smith. These options are exercisable at a 25 discount to
the average of the 30 trading days immediately prior to March 01, 2023. The options are exercisable on March 01, 2023 for a period of
3 years or 12 months following the termination of officer s employment contract dated January 15, 2020, whichever is earlier. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

Except
where otherwise indicated, each of the below described issuances of common shares was made to a non - U.S. person, as that term is defined
in Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933), in an offshore transaction relying on Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. 

On
July 17, 2020, the Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock with an aggregate value of 69,500 to a former officer of the Company
as per the terms of an employment settlement agreement. 

On
August 6, 2020, the Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock with a fair value of 62,500 pursuant to a conversion of 20,000 in
principal and 42,550 in derivative liability relating to the November 10, 2015 convertible debenture. The fair value of the common stock
was determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock of 1.25 per share. This transaction resulted in a gain
on extinguishment of debt of 50. 

On
August 31, 2020, 175,000 stock options were exercised by a director of the Company at the exercise price of 0.01 per share with an aggregate
value of 1,750. The Company issued 175,000 shares of common stock from the treasury. 

On
September 28, 2020, the Company issued 95,238 shares of common stock with an aggregate value of 95,238 under the terms of a sales commission
agreement. 

On
October 19, 2020, the Company issued 525,000 shares of common stock with an aggregate value of 577,500 as part of the acquisition of
Innoergy. 

On
October 19, 2020, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock with an aggregate value of 100,000 to a former director in recognition
and appreciation for his years of exemplary service and commitment to the Company as a bonus. 

On
January 11, 2021, the Company issued 228,980 shares of common stock with a fair value of 354,921 pursuant to a conversion of 10,000
in principal and 344,921 in derivative liability relating to the November 10, 2015 convertible debenture. The fair value of the common
stock was determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock of 1.55 per share. This transaction resulted in
a gain on extinguishment of debt of 3,077. 

On
March 30, 2021, the Company issued 106,375 shares of common stock with a fair value of 222,304 for investor relations. 

On
August 25, 2021, 25,000 stock options were exercised by an employee of the Company at the exercise price of 0.01 per share with an aggregate
value of 250. The Company issued 25,000 shares of common stock from the treasury. 

On
August 31, 2021, 11,321 common shares of the Company were issued to an employee of the Company at 2.12 per share. 

On February 6, 2023, the Company issued 250,000 shares of common stock with an aggregate value of 162,500 as part of the consideration for intellectual property. 

13 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes for the years
ended March 31, 2023, and 2022 that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements
that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere
in this annual report, particularly in section Item 1A Risk Factors of this annual report. 

Our
audited consolidated financial statements are stated in United States dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the years ended
March 31, 2023, and 2022. 

Revenue
for the year ended March 31, 2023, was 7,639,165 versus 15,439,199 for the year ended
March 31, 2022. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company was in the process of commissioning 7 (2022 8) marine scrubber
units which contributed to revenue of 4,717,905 (2022 12,680,104). The decrease in revenue was prompted by high day rates on
tanker charters disincentivizing clients from taking ships out of operations and fitting scrubbers combined with the phasing of the delivery
and the recognition of revenues of the 7 vessels. Revenue from services, including specific services performed in the marine business
sector and design and engineering services in the solar business sector, was 2,921,260 (2022 2,759,096). 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, the gross
profit margins for products and services were 20 (2022 80 and 30 (2022 26 ), respectively. The gross profit margin
for products decreased in 2023 because of a contraction of the market due to a reduction in the fuel price spread and a consequent reduction
in orders for marine scrubbers in 2023. Overall, the gross profit margin for the year ended March 31, 2023, was approximately 24 (2022
 70 ). 

Expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023 were
 12,435,958 as compared to 22,111,094. This decrease was driven by the large one-off impairment expenses of goodwill and intangible assets
recorded in FY22 for an amount of 7,060,954 and by a general reduction of expenses and salaries of 2,614,182. This year, the company
recovered bad debt expenses of 52,232, after receiving amounts previously assumed to be unrecoverable. Management and technical consulting
fees were comprised of fees paid to our directors, officers and advisors for business development efforts and advisory services. Advertising
and professional fees decreased due to reduced business activities. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company recorded a warranty
expense recovery of 625,664 (2022 - expense of 731,529) related to the estimated expectation of warranty costs. The impact of various
international factors on FX rates caused fluctuations which saw the Company s foreign exchange losses increase dramatically. 

For
the year ended March 31, 2023, our company had a net loss of 11,794,008 0.25 per share) compared to a net loss of 10,752,458 0.23
per share) for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

14 

Our
financial results for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 are summarized as follows: 

Year Ended 

March 31, 

2023 
 
 2022 

Revenues 

Products 
 4,717,905 
 12,680,103 
 
 Services 
 2,921,260 
 2,759,096 
 
 Total Revenues 
 7,639,165 
 15,439,199 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

Products 
 3,776,459 
 2,505,579 
 
 Services 
 2,056,266 
 2,051,261 
 
 Total Cost of goods sold 
 5,832,725 
 4,556,840 
 
 Gross profit 
 1,806,440 
 10,882,359 

Expenses 

Advertising and promotion 
 507,828 
 599,520 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 2,622 
 697,126 
 
 Bad debts (recovery) 
 (52,232 
 (36,526 
 
 Depreciation 
 191,404 
 210,292 
 
 Foreign exchange loss 
 966,368 
 1,005,418 
 
 Impairment of tangible assets 
 49,438 

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 4,419,315 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 2,641,639 
 
 Operating lease expense 
 566,762 
 485,087 
 
 Office and miscellaneous expense 
 1,626,921 
 1,770,341 
 
 Management and technical consulting 
 2,821,347 
 3,366,903 
 
 Professional fees 
 1,692,925 
 1,803,435 
 
 Salaries and wages 
 3,862,647 
 4,993,145 
 
 Research and development 
 13,772 

Transfer agent and filing fees 
 58,666 
 232,365 
 
 Travel and accommodation 
 753,154 
 654,563 
 
 Warranty (recovery) 
 (625,664 
 (731,529 
 
 Total expenses 
 12,435,958 
 22,111,094 

Other Income 

Financing interest income 
 90,436 
 456,761 
 
 (Loss) on acquisition of subsidiary 
 (255,947 

Interest income (expense) and other 
 (998,979 
 19,516 
 
 Net (Loss) / Income 
 (11,794,008 
 (10,752,458 

15 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Working
Capital 

At March 31, 2023 
 At 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Current Assets 
 3,757,334 
 24,854,658 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 15,537,991 
 19,079,665 
 
 Working Capital 
 (11,780,657 
 5,774,993 

Cash
Flows 

Year
 Ended March 31, 2023 
 Year
 Ended March 31, 2022 
 
 Net Cash Provided by
 (Used in) Operating Activities 
 7,998,269 
 (15,955,899 
 
 Net Cash (Used in) Investing Activities 
 (42,859,491 
 (1,965,172 
 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing
 Activities 
 28,912,392 
 (99,504 
 
 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash 
 936,100 
 870,626 
 
 Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (5,012,730 
 (17,149,949 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 1,160,358 in cash, 3,757,334 in total current assets, 15,537,991 in total current liabilities, and a negative
working capital of 11,780,657, compared to working capital of 5,774,993 as at March 31, 2022. The Company s working capital decreased
due to the contraction in turnover, the general slowdown in investment in the marine business and the substantial use of capital to finance
BESS projects The Company s prepaid manufacturing costs, contract liabilities and accruals changed significantly from period to
period, depending on the status of equipment deliveries, customer receipts and payments to third party manufacturers. 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, we generated
 7,998,269 of cash in operating activities, whereas we used 15,955,899 in operating activities for the year ended March 31, 2022. Operating
cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023 primarily consist of deposits and installments received from customers and our corresponding
manufacturing outlays. The negative operating cash flow for the year ended March 31, 2023 mainly resulted from a reduction in revenue. 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, we used
 42,859,491 in investing activities, whereas we used 1,965,172 in investing activities during the year ended March 31, 2022. Our investing
activities for the year ended March 31, 2023 were primarily were driven by the development of the REP and Sheaf BESS projects. 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, we generated
 28,912,392 related to financing activities, whereas we used 99,504 in financing activities during the year ended March 31, 2022. Our
financing activity for the year ended March 31, 2023 related to preferred shares issued by our subsidiary and loans payable. 

Anticipated
Cash Requirements 

We
have raised funds to construct our first BESS 99MW facility project at Richborough Energy Park in Kent, United Kingdom. On May 11, 2022
the Company announced it had entered into a Subscription and Shareholders Agreement with a third party investor, who has committed 16
million 13 million) of equity funds to the project. On June 21, 2022 the Company announced it had reached financial close Financial
Close for 34.90 million 28.25 million) of senior debt for the Richborough project. The senior debt, in conjunction with
the equity investment, will provide the Company with the funding to bring the battery park to commercial operations anticipated between
June and September 2023. The senior debt facility agreement is entered into with Close Leasing Limited CLL ), pursuant
to which CLL will provide a development loan to fund the construction, which will be utilized in stages following the expenditure of
the equity investment. The development loan will then be refinanced into a 10-year amortized term loan upon the start of commercial operations. 

16 

As
at June 9, 2023 Pacific Green Technologies, Inc. has entered into a sale and purchase agreement to sell 100 of the shares in Pacific
Green Battery Energy Parks 1 Limited PGBEP1 to Sosteneo Fund 1 HoldCo S. .r.l. for 74 million (US 93 million). 

PGBEP1
is the holding company for 100 subsidiary, Richborough Energy Park Limited, Pacific Green s 99MW battery energy storage system BESS at Richborough Energy Park REP which begins operations later this summer. 

Under the terms of the Agreement entered into, the consideration is payable pursuant to operational milestones
related to the battery park as it connects to the grid and becomes operational. The buyer paid an advance of 20m upon signing of
the Agreement, of which 7.1m was received by Pacific Green (before fees), the balance being received by the Company s equity
partner. On June 26, 2023 the transaction was formally completed and the buyer paid a further 9.9m, of which 4.2m was received
by Pacific Green (before fees), the balance being received by the Company s equity partner. 

On December 6, 2022 the Company acquired Sheaf Energy Limited for 9,126,000 7,500,000) which will be developed into our second BESS 249MW facility project. The acquisition was funded with a secured loan
from a third-party investor, Sheaf Storage Limited, which is repayable in September 2023 (or earlier if Sheaf Energy Limited is sold
earlier) along with a repayment fee of 20 . 

We
anticipate reaching financial close around the middle of 2023 and anticipate utilizing the net proceeds from the sale of REP to fund
our Sheaf project expenditure prior to financial close, plus our normal operating expenditure over the next 12 months. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 1,160,358 in cash on hand. Our cash requirement estimates may change significantly depending on the nature
of our business activities and our ability to raise capital from our shareholders or other sources. 

We
currently have office locations in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, China, Hong Kong, Abu Dhabi, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and
Australia. We have hired staff in various regions and rely heavily upon the use of contractors and consultants. Our general and administrative
expenses for the year will consist primarily of technical consultants, management, salaries and wages, professional fees, transfer agent
fees, bank and interest charges and general office expenses. The professional fees relate to matters such as contract review, business
acquisitions, regulatory filings, patent maintenance, and general legal, accounting and auditing fees. 

Going
Concern 

Our
financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 have been prepared on a going concern basis. 

The
assessment of the liquidity and going concern requires the Company to make judgments about the existence of conditions or events that
raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial
statements are issued. This includes judgments about the Company s future activities and the timing thereof and estimates of future cash
flows. Significant assumptions used in the Company s forecasted model of liquidity include forecasted sales, costs, and capital expenditures.
Changes in the assumptions could have a material impact on the forecasted liquidity and going concern assessment. 

On
June 9, 2023 the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement Agreement to sell 100 of the shares it holds in
Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 1 Limited PGBEP1 to Sosteneo Fund 1 HoldCo S. .r.l. for 74 million (US 93
million). PGBEP1 is the holding company for a 100 owned subsidiary, Richborough Energy Park Limited, Pacific Green s 99MW battery
energy storage system BESS at Richborough Energy Park REP which is scheduled to begin operations later
this summer. 

Under the terms of the
Agreement entered into, the consideration is payable pursuant to operational milestones related to the battery park as it connects to
the grid and becomes operational. The buyer paid an advance of 20m upon signing of the Agreement, of which 7.1m was received
by Pacific Green (before fees), the balance being received by the Company s equity partner. On June 26, 2023 the transaction was
formally completed and the buyer paid a further 9.9m, of which 4.2m was received by Pacific Green (before fees), the balance
being received by the Company s equity partner. 

In
addition to the sale of REP, the Company is in the process of securing the sale of Sheaf Energy Ltd (the Company s 249MW BESS development
in the United Kingdom), which will further materially underpin the cash resources of the Company. The sale of Sheaf will trigger the
repayment of the bridge loan for 9,261,789 7.5 million) drawn down in December 2022 to finance the acquisition of Sheaf Energy
Ltd, and which has a longstop repayment date of September 15, 2023. Should the sale of Sheaf not have been completed before that date,
the Company has the option to refinance the loan or otherwise forego the shares of Sheaf Energy Ltd as a pledge to the lender. This latter
scenario is deemed by management to be highly unlikely. In any event, this will not affect the going concern. 

17 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
period. Our company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that it believes
to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced
by our company may differ materially and adversely from our company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between
the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected. Accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in
this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they inherently
involve significant judgments and uncertainties. 

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets 

We
review long-lived assets such as property and equipment and intangible assets with finite useful lives for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The determination of whether impairment indicators
exist requires significant judgment in evaluating underlying significant assumptions including expected sales contracts, operating costs,
and current market value of assets. If an indication is identified, and the total of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less
than the carrying amount of the asset, a loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the asset. 

We
recorded an impairment charge of 49,438 on tangible assets during the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022 - nil) due to the closure and
consequent decommission of the test scrubber site assets. No transactions have been recorded related to impairment of goodwill and intangible
assets for the period ended March 31, 2023 (2022- 4,419,315 and 2,641,639 respectively). 

Goodwill 

We
allocate the cost of acquired companies to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired, with the remaining
amount being classified as goodwill. The allocation of the purchase price of acquired companies requires certain judgments and estimates.
Goodwill is not amortized but is evaluated annually for impairment at the reporting unit level or when indicators of a potential
impairment are present. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill requires significant judgment and are based upon
existing contracts, historical experience, financial forecasts, and general economic conditions. 

18 

During the year ended March 31, 2022 we fully
impaired Engin goodwill and Innoergy goodwill (2022 - 3,870,223 on Engin goodwill and 549,092 on Innoergy) as management s estimated
fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying value determined during impairment testing. Therefore, there is no further
impairment to book in the year ended March 31, 2023. 

Revenue Recognition 

We account for revenue under ASC Topic 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 using the five step approach. The most significant estimates and assumptions within
the five-step approach are related to identification of performance obligations in the contract and the calculations inherent in the revenue
recognition as or when performance obligations are satisfied. 

Our marine scrubber sales contracts contain a
single performance obligation satisfied over time, based on percentage of completion of the contract. The conclusion for a single performance
obligation is based on management s assessment of these contracts, whereby customers purchase the entire marine scrubber system
and do not benefit from the separate components on their own. Revenue is recognized over time based on the percentage of completion of
the contract, using the input method. 

According to ASC 606-10-25-27, if the entity s
performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance
completed to date, revenue should be recognized over time. Our scrubber system is customized to each vessel at the detailed design level,
so the performance under the contract does not create an asset with an alternative use. According to our contracts signed with customers
under English law, the customers are contractually and legally obliged to pay for performance completed to date that covers cost plus
a reasonable profit margin. Therefore, the revenue is recognized over time based on the input method and it is the change in cost of goods
sold (using a percentage of costs to complete) that has driven the change in revenues. Significant estimates are involved in using the
input method as it relates to estimation of total costs and overall gross margins, and any change in these factors could lead to a difference
in timing or amount of revenue and profit. 

Revenue from services includes specific services
provided to marine scrubber systems as well as design and engineering services for Concentrated Solar Power. Contracts for
specific services provided to marine scrubber systems represent maintenance services. Contracts for Concentrated Solar Power include design
and engineering services provided to clients. Revenue for service contracts is recognized as the services are provided at a point in time. 

Any changes to our conclusions around single or multiple performance
obligations for either or products or services could result in a timing difference in our revenue recognition. For example, in 2022 we
re-assessed our contracts for the sale of marine scrubbers and determined there was only one performance obligation, which had previously
been recognized as three distinct performance obligations. As a result, we restated the March 31, 2021 financial statements, with adjustments
to revenue, accrued revenue, and prepaid manufacturing costs. Additionally, we have one contract with a significant financing component,
where assumptions and estimates are made to separate the financing from revenue and record interest. Any changes in the discount rate
or payment schedules could impact the timing of revenue recognized. 

19 

Warranty
Provision 

The
Company reserves a 2 warranty provision on the completion of a contract following the commissioning of marine scrubbers. The specific
terms and conditions of those warranties vary depending upon the product sold and geography of sale. The Company s product warranties
generally start from the commissioning date and continue for up to twelve to twenty-four months. The Company provides warranties to customers
for the design, materials, and installation of scrubber units. The Company has a back-to-back manufacturing guarantee from its major
supplier, which covers materials, production, and installation. Factors that affect the Company s warranty obligation include product
failure rates, anticipated hours of product operations and costs of repair or replacement in correcting product failures. These factors
are estimates that may change based on new information that becomes available each period. Similarly, the Company also accrues the estimated
costs to address reliability repairs on products no longer in warranty when, in the Company s judgment, and in accordance with
a specific plan developed by the Company, it is prudent to provide such repairs. The Company intends to assess the adequacy of recorded
warranty liabilities quarterly and adjusts the liability as necessary. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

20 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

PACIFIC
GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

March
31, 2023 

(Expressed
in US dollars) 

Index Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F 2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F 4 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss F 5 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity F 6 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows F 7 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F 8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

Pacific
Green Technologies Inc. 

Opinion
on the consolidated financial statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Pacific Green Technologies Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, consolidated statement of stockholders equity, and cash flows for
the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31,
2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

Critical
audit matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgment. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in
any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going
Concern Assessment 

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis that the Company will continue as a going concern. In
making this assessment, the Company has evaluated whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the consolidated financial statements are issued. This includes assessment
of liquidity, judgments about the Company s future activities and the timing thereof and estimates of future cash flows. Significant
assumptions used in the Company's forecasted model of liquidity include forecasted sales, costs, and capital expenditures. Changes in
these assumptions could have a material impact on the forecasted liquidity and going concern assessment. The Company concluded that there
are no known or currently foreseeable conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. We identified going concern as a critical audit matter as a result of the judgements involved in the estimation of
headroom required to conclude there is no substantial doubt related to going concern. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that going concern assessment is a critical audit matter are that the evaluation of the Company s estimate of cash flows used in
its forecasted model of liquidity for at least twelve months beyond the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements involved
an especially high degree of auditor judgement due to uncertainty in the timing and quantum of estimated cash flows. 

Our audit procedures related to the going concern assessment included
the following, among others: 

We obtained management's cash flow forecast for
the period ending June 2024 i.e., 12 months from the date of statutory filing and compared the Company's historical forecast cash flows
to actual results in the current year to assess the Company's ability to forecast accurately. 

We assessed the appropriateness of forecast assumptions
by enquiring of management regarding the mitigating actions to reduce costs and manage cash flows and challenged the impact of each of
those actions with reference to supporting evidence and assessed whether the mitigating actions were within the Company's control. 

We challenged management to perform downside
sensitivity analyses to identify the scenarios that could lead to headroom being stretched and evaluated the likelihood of such scenarios
materializing. We also challenged the level of further mitigations available to the Company beyond those included within the forecast
and considered the results of reverse stress tests performed by management. 

We assessed the Company's going concern model
in the context of other audit evidence obtained during the audit to determine whether it supported or contradicted the conclusions reached
by the Company. 

We evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures
relating to going concern. 

F- 2 

Revenue
Recognition 

As described in Note 2(g) and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, revenue recognition requires significant
judgements from management in regard to the determination of accounting treatment for contracts with customers. Management is required
to assess contracts with customers to identify whether performance obligations in the contract are distinct and to determine whether contract
terms provide the Company with a basis to recognize revenue over time. We identified revenue recognition in the current year as a critical
audit matter. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that revenue recognition is a critical audit matter are that there were items of revenue that were incorrectly accounted for during the
prior year and a material weakness in internal control with respect to revenue recognition was identified in prior year. There is also
judgement required in auditing the revenue recognition for multiple deliverable contracts and contracts where revenue is recognized over
a period of time using percentage complete. 

Our
audit procedures related to the revenue recognition included the following, among others . 

We evaluated the design and implementation of
key controls related to revenue recognition. 

For a sample of contracts, we performed the following
procedures: 

o We inspected signed contracts, invoices and payments for each sample. We also verified if the revenue
recognition policy was applied consistently across samples. 

o We assessed the appropriateness of revenue recognition policy for the new maintenance service contracts
in line with the requirements of ASC 606. 

o We evaluated Management's assessment and related support associated with the percentage completed for
each vessel. We obtained direct confirmation of percentage completed on vessels from the key supplier. 

o We assessed the performance obligation achieved for maintenance service contracts. We obtained independent
confirmation from the marine operations team for performance obligations satisfied on the maintenance service contracts. 

o We verified the existence and completeness of prepaid manufacturing costs and contract liabilities, respectively
by agreeing back the key elements to confirmations received or underlying supporting documentation. 

Intangible Impairment 

As described in Note 2(e) and 6 to the consolidated
financial statements, the company reviews intangible assets with finite useful lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the total of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the
carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the asset.
We identified indicators of a potential impairment of intangible assets related to patents and intellectual property relating to marine
scrubber technology as a critical audit matter. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that intangible assets impairment is a critical audit matter are that the company has to use judgement surrounding the consideration of
impairment indicators relating to long lived assets, including intangible assets. The identification of impairment indicators would require
management to perform a quantitative assessment of the value of the identified intangibles, which would require complex judgements and
estimates. 

Our audit procedures related to the intangible
assets impairment included the following, among others: 

We obtained and evaluated management's assessment
of Intangibles impairment indicators and the supporting information used to form their opinion and challenged the key assumptions in the
management memo considering macro-economic conditions at year end. 

We tested the completeness and accuracy of underlying
data used in undiscounted cash flow analysis based on probability-weighted approach in considering the likelihood of the possible outcomes
in terms of the number of Marine scrubbers expected to be executed in future. 

We challenged the assumptions used by management
in the impairment assessment model e.g., profit margin, historic trend of new scrubbers added each year, etc. 

We performed sensitivity analysis by changing
those key assumptions to assess the impact. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

June 29, 2023 

F- 3 

PACIFIC
GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments and amounts
 in escrow (Note 3) 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful account of in 2023 and in 2022 

Other receivable, net of allowance for doubtful account of in 2023 and in 2022 

Accrued revenue (Note 11) 

Prepaid expenses, parts inventory,
 and advances 

Prepaid
 manufacturing costs (Note 11) 

Total Current Assets 

Assets held for Sale (Note 4) 

Project under development (Note
 4) 

Property and equipment (Note
 5) 

Intangible assets (Note 6) 

Right of use asset 

Security deposits and other
 advances 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities (Note 12) 

Warranty provision (Note 14) 

Contract liabilities (Note 11) 

Loans payable (Note 13) 

Current portion of lease obligations 

Due to
 related parties (Note 15) 

Total Current Liabilities 

Other long term obligation 

Long-term operating lease obligation 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, shares authorized, par value 
and shares issued and outstanding, 2023 and 2022 respectively (Note 16) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive
 income 

Deficit 

Total
 stockholders equity before treasury stock 

Treasury stock, at cost, shares in 2023 and shares in
2022 (Note 16 and 21 (b)) 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Noncontrolling
 interest (Note 10) 

Total
 Equity 

Total Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity 

Nature
of Operations (Note 1) 

Commitments
(Note 19) 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 4 

PACIFIC
GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

Year Ended March 31, 2023 
 Year Ended March 31, 2022 
 
 Sales (Note 11) 

Products 

Services 

Total Revenues 

Cost of goods sold (Note 11) 

Products 

Services 

Total Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Expenses 

Advertising and promotion 

Amortization of intangible assets (Note 6) 

Bad debts (recovery) 

Depreciation (Note 5) 

Foreign exchange loss 

Impairment of tangible assets 

Impairment of goodwill 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Management and technical consulting 

Operating lease expense (Note 19) 

Office and miscellaneous 

Professional fees 

Research and development 

Salaries and wage expenses 

Transfer agent and filing fees 

Travel and accommodation 

Warranty (recovery) (Note 14) 

Total expenses 

(Loss) before other income (expense) 

Other income (expense) 

Financing interest income 

(Loss) on acquisition of subsidiary 

Interest income (expense) and other 

Total other (expense) income 

Net (loss) for the year 

Preference Coupon Distributions 

Share of (Loss)/Income attributable to NCI - BESS 

Share of (Loss)/Income attributable to NCI - JV 

Net (loss) attributable to PGTK 

Other comprehensive income 

Foreign currency translation gain 

Comprehensive (loss) for the year 

Net (loss) per share, basic and diluted

Net (loss) per share, diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic 1 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding, diluted 

(1) 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 5 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

Common
 Stock 

Additional 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Treasury 
 Non Controlling 
 
 Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Stock 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

# 

Balance, March 31, 2021 

Fair value of options granted 

Shares issued for option exercise (Note 17) 

Shares issued for employee services (Note 17) 

Common stock repurchases (Note 16) 

Noncontrolling interest (Note 10) 

Foreign exchange translation 

Net loss for the year 

Balance, March 31, 2022 

Fair value of options granted 

Share issued on IP acquisition (Note 16) 

Noncontrolling interest (Note 10) 

Foreign exchange translation loss 

Net loss for the period 

Balance March 31, 2023 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 6 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

March 31, 
 March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Operating Activities 

Net (loss) for the year 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of intangible assets -Expenses (Note 6) 

Amortization of intangible assets - COGS (Note 6) 

Bad debt expense 

Depreciation (Note 5) 

Fair value of stock options granted 

Financing interest 

Impairment of goodwill 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Impairment of property and equipment 

Loss on unrealized foreign exchange 

Lease finance charge 

Loss on acquisition of subsidiary 

Operating lease expense 

Shares issued for services 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Short-term investments and amounts held in trust 

Accounts receivable and other receivables 

Accrued Revenue 

Prepaid expenses and parts inventory 

Security deposits Other Advances 

Lease payments 

Prepaid manufacturing costs 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Warranty provision 

Contract liabilities 

Due to related parties 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 

Investing Activities: 

Additions of property and equipment 

Projects under development 

Short-term investments 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Financing Activities 

Proceeds of Preference shares issued by subsidiary, net of coupon payments 

Loan proceeds 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Treasury stock 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 

Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes on Cash 

Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities, excluded in above: 

Shares issued and issuable on IP acquisition 

Cash and Cash Equivalent comprises: 

Cash and Cash Equivalent 

Cash classified as available for sale 
 
 -

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 7 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

F- 8 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

owned subsidiary of PGTME Pacific Green Marine Technologies (USA) Inc. (inactive) Dissolved, December 21, 2022 Pacific Green Technologies (Canada) Inc. PGT Can (Formerly Pacific Green Marine Technologies Inc. Wholly-owned subsidiary Pacific Green Solar Technologies Inc. PGST Wholly-owned subsidiary Pacific Green Corporate Development Inc. PGCD (Formerly Pacific Green Hydrogen Technologies Inc.) Dissolved, December 21, 2022 Pacific Green Wind Technologies Inc PGWT Dissolved, December 21, 2022 Pacific Green Technologies International Ltd. PGTIL Wholly-owned subsidiary Pacific Green Technologies Asia Ltd.( PGTA Wholly-owned subsidiary of PGTIL Pacific Green Technologies Engineering Services Limited (Formerly Pacific
Green Technologies China Ltd. PGTESL Wholly-owned subsidiary of PGTA Pacific Green Technologies (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. Engin (Formerly Shanghai Engin Digital Technology Co. Ltd) Wholly-owned subsidiary Guangdong Northeast Power Engineering Design Co. Ltd. GNPE Wholly-owned subsidiary of ENGIN Pacific Green Energy Parks Inc. PGEP Wholly-owned subsidiary Pacific Green Energy Storage Technologies Inc. PGEST Wholly-owned subsidiary of PGEP Pacific Green Technologies (Australia) Pty Ltd. PGTAPL Wholly-owned subsidiary of PGEP Pacific Green Energy Storage (UK) Ltd. PGESU (Formerly Pacific Green Marine Technologies Trading Ltd.) Wholly-owned subsidiary of PGEP Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 1 Ltd. PGBEP1 owned subsidiary of PGESU Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 2 Ltd. PGBEP2 Wholly-owned subsidiary of PGEPU Richborough Energy Park Ltd. Richborough Wholly-owned subsidiary of PGBEP1 Pacific Green Energy Parks (UK) Ltd (PGEPU) Wholly-owned subsidiary of PGEP Sheaf Energy Ltd (Sheaf) Wholly-owned subsidiary of PGBEP2 

F- 9 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

2. 
 Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Leasehold improvements 

Test Scrubber system 

Computer equipment 

Building 

years. Additional intellectual property
acquired in the year ending March 31, 2023 is being amortized to coincide with the useful life of the existing intellectual property. 

Software licensing 

F- 10 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

2. 
 Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

and , respectively in short term investment and amount in escrow. Accounts held in each U.S. institution are insured
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Company FDIC up to . At March 31, 2023 and March 31,
2022 the Company had nil and in excess of the FDIC insured limit, respectively. 

(2022 of the Company s
accounts receivable was from three customers (main , two minor and ). 

F- 11 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

2. 
 Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

of the contract price is payable at least 6 calendar months prior to the dry dock date. The
remaining is payable in 24 equal monthly installments starting at the end of the calendar month following the installation date on
a vessel-by-vessel basis. 

F- 12 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

2. 
 Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

(g) 
 Revenue Recognition (continued) 

of the contract price is payable
after the last performance obligation towards the scrubber, a significant financing component is separated from revenue and interest income
at is recorded when payments are received from the customer. 

years. The standard
contract includes a set of activities to perform up to 12 separate performance obligations (depending on the goods and services provided).
The transaction price has been allocated to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling prices of the goods/services
included in the contract. For each contract a pricing schedule has been prepared. All contracts are analyzed, and revenue recorded in
accordance with the five-step revenue recognition model. From the analysis of the ASC 606-10-25-30, the indicators of transfer of control
resulted in recognition of revenue at a point-in-time. 

All contracts are analyzed, and revenue recorded in accordance with the
five-step revenue recognition model. 

F- 13 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

2. 
 Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

warranty provision
on the completion of a contract following the commissioning of marine scrubbers. The specific terms and conditions of those warranties
vary depending upon the product sold and geography of sale. The Company s product warranties generally start from the delivery date
and continue for up to twelve to twenty-four months. The Company provides warranties to customers for the design, materials, and installation
of scrubber units. The Company has a back-to-back manufacturing guarantee from its major supplier, which covers materials, production,
and installation. Factors that affect the Company s warranty obligation include product failure rates, anticipated hours of product
operations and costs of repair or replacement in correcting product failures. These factors are estimates that may change based on new
information that becomes available each period. Similarly, the Company also accrues the estimated costs to address reliability repairs
on products no longer in warranty when, in the Company s judgment, and in accordance with a specific plan developed by the Company,
it is prudent to provide such repairs. The Company intends to assess the adequacy of recorded warranty liabilities quarterly and adjusts
the liability as necessary. 

. Interest and
penalties assessed or expected to be assessed by the US tax authority are included in other expenses for the period of nil (2022 - (see Note disclosure 20. Income Taxes ). 

controlling interest
in its subsidiary Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 1 Ltd. Green Power Reserves Limited owns the remaining nonredeemable noncontrolling
interests. Noncontrolling interests are recorded as a separate component of equity. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
is a component of consolidated net income. 

F- 14 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

2. 
 Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

F- 15 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

2. 
 Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

(2022 anti-dilutive shares outstanding. 

F- 16 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

2. Significant
Accounting Policies (continued) 

(s) Recent
Accounting Pronouncements (continued) 

(CAD (March 31, 2022 (CAD Guaranteed Investment Certificate GIC held as security
against a corporate credit card. The GIC bears interest at per annum and matures on . The account was closed on
May 30, 2023. 

At March 31, 2023, the Company s
solicitor is holding nil (March 31, 2022 as all the proceeds under customer contracts has been released after satisfying
performance obligations. 

of assets and liabilities related to the BESS projects and specifically for PGBEP1 and REP and PGBEP2 and Sheaf,
to Assets held for Sale as the result of the agreement with JLL (see Note 9 (c)). 

To clarify, the Assets held for Sale
fulfilled the requirements on March 17, 2023, when all the criteria were satisfied. 

As at June 9, 2023 Pacific Green Technologies,
Inc. has entered into a sale and purchase agreement to sell of the shares in Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 1 Limited PGBEP1 to Sosteneo Fund 1 HoldCo S. .r.l. for GBP million million). PGBEP1 is the sole shareholder of REP. See note 9 (c) and 21
(a). 

Prepaid expenses, parts inventory, and advances 

-

Other receivables 

Projects under development 

Security Deposits Other Advances 

Right of use asset 

-

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Loans payable 

-

Long term loan payable 

-

Long-term operating lease obligation 

-

Assets held for Sale 
 Total

After the amount has been reallocated
to Assets held for Sale the account Projects under development shows a balance of related to the capitalization
of FOWE (Fuel Oil Water Emulsification) development. 

F- 17 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

Furniture and equipment 

Computer equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Test scrubber system 

Total 

The Company recorded in depreciation
expense on property and equipment for the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022 ). The amount of the property and equipment
has decreased due to the disposal of the test scrubber system. 

Software licensing 

Total 

-

Software licensing 

Total 

F- 18 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

6. 
 Intangible Assets (continued) 

of amortization
cost on intangible assets for the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022 ). 

The Company has allocated
 (2022 - of amortization of patents and technical information to cost of goods sold and of amortization of
software licensing to amortization expense (2022 - ). 

During the year ending March 31, 2023
the Company recognized an impairment of nil on intangible assets (2022 - ). 

Future amortization of intangible assets
is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

impairment charge on the full amount of Engin goodwill as management s estimated fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying
value determined during impairment testing. Engin s goodwill was translated at exchange rate as of March 31, 2022. No additional
impairment has been recorded in FY23. 

In March 2023, the Company reached
agreement with the Sellers of the minority interest in Engin to settle what had originally been deemed to be a contingent
liability that had not met the payment conditions and had therefore been derecognized as a cost of acquisition in the financial statements
in the year-ending March 31, 2021. Consequently, the Company has recognized a one-time loss on increase in acquisition costs of subsidiary
of in March 2023. The settlement is to be paid in monthly instalments over two years, commencing April 2023. 

as management s estimated fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying value determined
during impairment testing. The Company also de-recognized the liability for the fair value of the conditional payment of , as the
conditions for which are no longer achievable. 

F- 19 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

8. 
 Innoergy Limited impairment of goodwill (continued) 

made on March 18, 2021 and three conditional payments of each on specified
dates according to the share purchase agreement. The first and second conditional payments were made in May 2021 and June 2022 respectively.
The third payment is planned to be made during the year ended March 31, 2024. 

Total purchase consideration was estimated
at , inclusive of the fair value of the conditional payments, which were considered probable at the acquisition date. The value
attributed to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are cash of , other net working capital of , security deposit
of , and project under development of . The consideration was allocated on a relative fair value basis to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the investment in project under development increased to 
and the balance has been reallocated to Assets held for Sale (see Note 4). 

(b) Acquisition
of Sheaf Energy Ltd 

On December 6, 2022, the Company acquired
all the issued and outstanding stock of Sheaf Energy Ltd., a United Kingdom company in the business of battery energy storage systems.
The purchase consideration included cash payments of a deposit of made on July 26, 2021 and made on December 15, 2022. 

Total purchase consideration was therefore
 ). The value attributed to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are net working capital
of , and project under development of ). 

(c) Potential
sale of Richborough Energy Park Ltd and Sheaf Energy Ltd. 

On January 26, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Jones
Lang LaSalle Limited JLL for JLL to act as a broker for the sale of the 99MW Battery Storage Project within Richborough
Energy Park Limited, and the 249MW Battery Storage Project within Sheaf Energy Limited. 

As at June 9, 2023 Pacific Green Technologies, Inc. has entered into
a sale and purchase agreement to sell of the shares in Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 1 Limited PGBEP1 to Sosteneo
Fund 1 HoldCo S. .r.l. for GBP million million). PGBEP1 is the sole shareholder of REP. See Note 4 and 21 (a). 

As at June 29, 2023 the Company is in an exclusive negotiation with
a potential buyer of Sheaf Energy Limited. 

F- 20 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

million million) for a percent shareholding in Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 1 Limited PGBEP ). The Company
retains control over PGBEP by virtue of holding of the voting rights and appointing two of the three directors. 

On December 2, 2020, the Company signed a Joint-Venture Agreement with Amr Khashoggi Trading Company Limited Amkest Group to incorporate a company in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for the sale of Pacific Green s environmental technologies within the region. The Company holds interest in the joint venture. 

Details of the carrying amount of the
noncontrolling interests are as follows: 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest (BESS) 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest (JV) 

Non-controlling interest 

Services 

Total 

Revenue from services includes specific
services provided to marine scrubber systems as well as design and engineering services for CSP. Contracts for specific services provided
to marine scrubber systems represent maintenance services. Contracts for CSP include design and engineering services provided to clients.
Revenue for service contracts is recognized as the services are provided. 

Service revenue by type for the year
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

Design and engineering services for CSP 

Total 

F- 21 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

11. 
 
 Sales, Prepaid Manufacturing Costs, Cost
of Goods Sold, and Contract Liabilities (continued) 

Customer receipts and receivables 

Scrubber sales recognized in revenue 

Payments and accruals under contracts 

Cost of goods sold recognized in earnings 

Balance, March 31, 2022 

Customer receipts and receivables 

Scrubber sales recognized in revenue 

Payments and accruals under contracts 

Cost of goods sold recognized in earnings 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

F- 22 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

11. 
 Sales, Prepaid Manufacturing Costs, Cost of Goods Sold, and Contract Liabilities (continued) 

Salaries and wages 

Amortization of intangibles 

Commission type costs 

Design and engineering services for CSP 

Specific services provided to marine scrubber systems 

Total 

As of March 31, 2023, Contract liabilities
included (March 31, 2022 - aggregate cash receipts from one customer relating to thirteen vessels. As of March
31, 2022 we had nineteen postponed vessels under the terms of a Postponement Agreement dated February 2, 2021, with an option to either
proceed or cancel and, with an expiring option date of February 9, 2023. The original expiration date was deferred to December 31, 2023.
The remaining six vessels contracted by the customer to proceed were fully commissioned during FY23 and the contract liabilities of 
released in full to revenue during the year ended March 31, 2023. Should the thirteen vessels that are currently postponed remain as such
at the expiry date, since there is no obligation to return the funds to the client, the contract liability would be recognized as revenue
in full at that point in time. 

Accrued liabilities 

Other liabilities ) 

Bank loan payable 

Payroll liabilities 

Total short-term accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Long term accrued liabilities 

Balance, end of year 

F- 23 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

million million) for the Richborough project. The
Facilities Agreement, governed by English law, is secured by debentures containing fixed and floating charges entered into by one of the
Company s subsidiaries, Richborough Energy Park Limited and its immediate parent Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 1 Limited, as
well as a debt service reserve guarantee entered into by the Company. The Facilities Agreement comprises a development facility at 
above bank base rate until December 31, 2023 at which point it will be reclassified as a -year term loan on a -year amortization profile,
until maturity on December 31, 2028. The term loan will bear interest at above bank base rate for of the balance, and a fixed
rate of for the 5-year period on the remaining 80 of the balance. There is also a revolving credit facility of up to 
million million) available until March 31, 2024. 

On November 5, 2022, the Company signed an unsecured Loan Agreement
with a related party, Alexander Group Co. Pty Ltd, for a total of to partially fund the acquisition of
Sheaf Energy Ltd. This constitutes a loan facility bearing interest at per annum until the repayment date of February 4, 2023.
On February 7, 2023, the original agreement was extended to August 31, 2023. Upon repayment of the loan, a minimum repayment fee of 
will be due and payable. At March 31, 2023, repayment fee accrued of ). The loan principal and repayment fee were
paid in full on June 20, 2023. 

On November 5, 2022, the Company signed an unsecured Loan Agreement with Cherryoak Investments Pty
Ltd, for a total of to partially fund the acquisition of Sheaf Energy Ltd. This constitutes a loan
facility bearing interest at per annum until the repayment date of February 3, 2023, after which point interest shall accrue at a
rate above the Bank of England base rate. Upon repayment of the loan, a minimum repayment fee of will be due and payable. The loan
principal and repayment fee were paid in full on February 2, 2023. 

On November 5, 2022, the Company signed an unsecured Loan Agreement
with a related party, D L Milne Pty Ltd, for a total of to partially fund the acquisition of Sheaf Energy
Ltd. This constitutes a loan facility bearing interest at per annum until the repayment date of February 4, 2023. On February
7, 2023, the original agreement was extended to August 31, 2023. Upon repayment of the loan, a minimum repayment fee of will
be due and payable. At March 31, 2023, repayment fee accrued of ). The loan principal and repayment fee were paid
in full on June 20, 2023. 

On November 5, 2022, the Company signed an unsecured Loan Agreement with a related party, Gerstle Consulting
Pty Ltd, for a total of to partially fund the acquisition of Sheaf Energy Ltd. This constitutes a loan
facility bearing interest at per annum until the repayment date of February 4, 2023. On February 7, 2023, the original agreement was
extended to August 31, 2023. Upon repayment of the loan, a minimum repayment fee of will be due and payable. At March 31, 2023, repayment
fee accrued of ). The loan principal and repayment fee were paid in full on June 20, 2023. 

F- 24 

PACIFIC
GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

13. Loans Payable (continued) 

to partially fund the acquisition of Sheaf Energy Ltd. This constitutes a loan facility bearing interest at 
per annum until the repayment date of February 4, 2023. On February 7, 2023, the original agreement was extended to August 31, 2023. Upon
repayment of the loan, a minimum repayment fee of will be due and payable. At March 31, 2023, repayment fee accrued of ).
The loan principal and repayment fee were paid in full on June 20, 2023. 

On November 8, 2022, the Company signed
an unsecured Loan Agreement with a related party, Distributed Generation LLC, for a total of to partially fund
the acquisition of Sheaf Energy Ltd. This constitutes a loan facility bearing interest at per annum until the repayment date
of February 7, 2023. On February 7, 2023, the original agreement was extended to August 31, 2023. Upon repayment of the loan, a minimum
repayment fee of will be due and payable. At March 31, 2023, repayment fee accrued of ). The loan principal
and repayment fee were paid in full on June 21, 2023. 

On December 15, 2022, the Company signed
a Loan Agreement with Sheaf Storage Limited, for a total of for the acquisition of Sheaf Energy Ltd. The
loan is secured on a share pledge over the entire share capital of Sheaf Energy Limited. This constitutes a loan facility bearing no interest
until the repayment date of September 15, 2023, at which point interest accrues at . Upon repayment of the loan, a minimum repayment
fee of will be due and payable. If the company decides to sell Sheaf Energy Ltd, then the lender (Sheaf Storage Limited) is entitled
to of the net equity proceeds received by the Company. 

The Company entered into five separate
loan agreements under English law with five independent third party lenders: ), ), and each dated March 9, 2023 and dated March 28, 2023. The loans
are identical, except for the lenders names and date of Agreement. The loans do not bear interest but instead have a Repayment
Fee being of the loan principal. The Repayment Fee is payable in full at the point the loan principal is repaid. The Longstop
Date is defined as October 31, 2023 though should the Company enter into a Liquidity Event yielding at least .2million 5million)
before then, the loans are repayable in full at that earlier date. Upon repayment of the loan(s) the lender(s) can elect to convert 
of the amount repaid to the equivalent value of ordinary shares in the Company at the Repayment Conversion Strike Price (defined as the
Company s average share price on the 10 business days before and after the Repayment Date). Should the Company default on the loan(s)
the lender(s) can elect to convert up to of the amounts outstanding to the equivalent value of ordinary shares in the Company at
the Default Conversion Strike Price (defined as 0.7 x the Company s average share price on the 10 business days before and after
the Event of Default). The loan principal and repayment fee for all five loans were paid in full on June 21, 2023. 

As at March 31, 2023, a total of of the development facility had been utilized. This is not repayable until the development facility has been reclassified
into the term facility. Meanwhile a total of of the revolving credit facility was drawn as at March 31, 2023. As
at March 31, 2023, the Company is compliant with all financial covenants specified in the Facilities Agreement. 

Related Party Loan 

Balance, end of period 

million has been reallocated to Assets held for Sale (see Note 4). 

F- 25 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

(March 31, 2022 cash recovery of as the Company provides
warranties to customers for the design, materials, and installation of scrubber units. Product warranty is recorded at the time of sale
and will be revised based on new information as system performance data becomes available. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company
used to calculate warranty provision (2022 based on management s best estimate. 

Warranty expense/(recovery) 

Expenses (recoveries) / costs 

Balance, end of year 

(March 31, 2022 to directors or companies controlled by a director and officer of the Company. The amounts owed are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. (b) As at March 31, 2023, the Company incurred (2022 - in commissions to companies controlled by a director of the Company. (c) As at March 31, 2023, the Company incurred (2022 - 679,00 in consulting fees and bonus to companies controlled by a director of the Company. (d) As at March 31, 2023, the Company incurred 1,437,552 (2022 - in consulting fees to directors, or companies controlled by directors of the Company. 

shares of common stock with an aggregate value of as part of the consideration for intellectual property transferred from McClelland Management Inc. to the Company under the terms of an IP transfer deed dated January 4, 2023. A further 250,000 shares will be issued in January 2024 and 250,000 shares in January 2025. At the reporting date the shares have been accounted as equity and added to the Additional paid-in capital balance for the amount of . 

Common stock issued and repurchased
during the year ended March 31, 2022: 

(a) On August 25, 2021, stock options were exercised by an employee of the Company at the exercise price of per share with an aggregate value of . The Company issued shares of common stock. 

(b) On August 31, 2021, common shares of the Company were issued to an employee in the Company s as compensation with a fair value of per share totaling . 

(c) For the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company implemented a share repurchase program and repurchased shares with total value of . 

F- 26 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Balance, March 31, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

) 
 
 Balance, March 31, 2023, vested and Exercisable 

Additional information regarding stock options outstanding
as at March 31, 2023 is as follows: 

485,00

Unless otherwise noted, the Company
estimates the fair value of its stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, assuming no expected dividends. 

F- 27 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

17. Stock Options (continued) 

stock options issued to the Company s former President which were due to expire August 31, 2021. The stock options had
an exercise price of per share and were extended to December 31, 2022 and expired on that date. The extension of the stock options
had not resulted in any material incremental fair value to be recorded. 

On August 25, 2021, stock options
were exercised by an employee of the Company at the exercise price of per share with an aggregate value of . The Company issued
 shares of common stock from the treasury. 

On January 15, 2022, the Company granted
 stock options to an officer of the Company. These options are exercisable at a discount to the average of the 30 trading days
immediately prior to January 15, 2022. The options are exercisable on January 15, 2023 for a period of years or 12 months following
the termination of officer s employment contract dated January 15, 2020, whichever is earlier. 

On March 15, 2022, the Company granted
 stock options to a director at the exercise price of . options are exercisable on March 15, 2022 for a period of 
years. options are exercisable on August 1, 2022 for a period of years. 

On October 1, 2022, the Company granted
 stock options to a director, of which were at the exercise price of , at and at . The options
are exercisable 24 months from the grant date. 

On November 1, 2022, the Company granted
 stock options to a consultant to the company at the exercise price of . The options are exercisable 24 months from the grant
date. 

On February 20, 2023, the Company granted
 stock options to an officer of the Company. These options are exercisable at a discount to the average of the 30 trading days
immediately prior to February 20, 2023. 

The options are exercisable on February
20, 2024 for a period of 3 years from the grant date or 12 months following the termination of officer s employment contract dated
January 15, 2020, whichever is earlier. 

The following weighted average assumptions
were used in the determination of fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model: 

Expected life (in years) 

Expected volatility 

The fair value of stock options vested
and recognized during the year ended March 31, 2023 was (2022 ), which was recorded as additional paid-in capital
and charged to salary and to Consultancy fees. 

F- 28 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

Intangible Assets 

Right of use assets ) 

has been reallocated to Assets held for Sale (see Note 4). 

COGS by customer region 

Gross Profit by customer region 

GP by customer region 

Intangible Assets 

Right of use assets 

F- 29 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

18. 
 Segmented Information (continued) 

COGS by customer region 

Gross Profit by customer region 

GP by customer region 

For the year ended March 31, 2023,
 (2022 of the Company s revenues were derived from two largest customers and (2022 of the Company s
revenues were derived from the second largest customers. 

acres of land for the construction of Richborough battery facility. This lease asset is categorized
as right of use assets under ASC 842. 

Operating lease assets and operating
lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement
date. As the Company s operating lease does not provide an implicit rate, the discount rate used to determine the present value
of the lease payments is the collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on the remaining lease term. The operating lease asset excludes
lease incentives. The operating leases do not contain an option to extend or terminate the lease term at the Company s discretion,
therefore no probable renewal has been added to the expiry date when determining lease term. Operating lease expense is recognized on
a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

F- 30 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

19. 
 Commitments (continued) 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Imputed interest 

Operating lease obligations ) 

related to the lease
agreement and reallocated to Assets held for Sale (see Note 4). 

(d) On July 14, 2017, the Company entered into a new memorandum of understanding to establish a new joint venture company in China with a non-related party (the Supplier wherein the Supplier would receive and process orders, manufacture, and install products for the Company s customers. In return, the Company agreed to design the product, provide strategic pricing, sales and marketing direction, as well as provide technology licenses and technical support (the Technology to the Supplier. During the term of the agreement, the Company will provide the Supplier with a non-transferrable right and license to use the Technology to manufacture and install the product within the Asia and Russia region. The parties agreed to fund the venture proportionately, by the Company and by the Supplier, and excess operating cash flows will be distributed on a quarterly basis. Neither party have funded the joint venture to date and there has been no revenue and expense associated with it. On December 7, 2022 the directors of the joint venture agreed to dissolve the entity. 

(e) On December 2, 2020, the Company signed a Joint-Venture Agreement with Amr Khashoggi Trading Company Limited Amkest Group to incorporate a company in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for the sale of Pacific Green s environmental technologies within the region. The Company holds interest in the joint venture. The Company incorporated Pacific Green Technologies Arabia LLC on November 23, 2021. 

Neither party had funded the joint venture
at March 31, 2022 and there had been no revenue and expense associated with it for the year ending March 31, 2022. Since then, the Company
has paid in share capital and intercompany loans and accrued interest amounting to to fund operational expenses to March 31,
2023. 

F- 31 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

19. 
 Commitments (continued) 

million million) of equity funds to the 99MW
Richborough Energy Park BESS project. On June 21, 2022 the Company announced it had reached Financial Close for million 
million) of senior debt for the Richborough project. The senior debt, in conjunction with the equity investment, will provide the Company
with the funding to bring the battery park to commercial operations in 2023. On May 25, 2022 the Company announced it had entered into
a contract with Shanghai Electric Gotion New Energy Technology Co., Ltd for the supply of the battery energy storage system. On May 31,
2022 the Company announced it had entered into a contract with Instalcom Limited (name changed to OCU Services Ltd on January 4, 2023)
to act as the principal contractor during the construction phase, and subsequently as operations and maintenance contractor during the
commercial operations phase. On June 8, 2022 the Company announced it had entered an energy optimization agreement with Shell Energy Europe
Limited to operate the facility during commercial operations phase. 

Foreign 

Net income (loss) before taxes 

The following table reconciles the
income tax expense (benefit) at the statutory rates to the income tax (benefit) at the Company s effective tax rate. 

Statutory tax rate 

Expected income tax expense (recovery) 

Permanent differences and other 

Foreign tax rate difference 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

Current 

Deferred 

Income tax provision 

F- 32 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

20. 
 Income Taxes (continued) 

likely of being realized upon the effective settlement with a taxing authority
that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effects of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities at March 31,
2023 and 2022 are primarily comprised of the following: 

Tax basis of intangibles and depreciable assets in excess of book value 

Lease receivable without tax basis 
 -

Warranty and accruals timing differences 

Deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

On December 22, 2017, the US federal
tax legislation commonly known as the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (TCJA) was signed into law. The TCJA made major changes to the Internal Revenue
Code, including reducing the US federal income corporate tax rate from to for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017. Under
the TCJA, for net operating losses NOLs arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, the TCJA limits a
US corporate taxpayer s ability to utilize NOL carryforwards to of the taxpayer s taxable income (as modified by the CARES
Act, as described below). In addition, NOLs arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely,
with no carryback. NOLs generated in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018 are not subject to the taxable income limitation and generally
has a year carryforward. On March 27, 2020 the President signed into law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the
CARES Act). The CARES Act introduced various tax changes, including granting a five-year carry back period for NOLs arising in taxable
years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021, temporary suspension of the taxable income limitation on the use
of NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 but before January 1, 2021. 

F- 33 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

20. 
 Income Taxes (continued) 

, which were mainly incurred in the U.S. and United Kingdom and expire as follows: 

2038 

No expiration 

Total estimated tax losses 

We do not provide deferred taxes related
to the United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles basis in excess of the outside tax basis in the investment in our foreign
subsidiaries to the extent such amounts relate to indefinitely reinvested earnings and profits of such foreign subsidiaries. Our indefinite
reinvestment determination is based on the future operational and capital requirements of our domestic and foreign operations. We expect
our international cash and cash equivalents will continue to be used for our foreign operations and therefore do not anticipate repatriating
these funds. We have estimated deferred tax liabilities relating to the outside tax basis of nil. 

of the shares in Pacific Green Battery Energy Parks 1 Limited PGBEP1 to Sosteneo Fund 1 HoldCo S. .r.l. for million million). See note 4 and 9 (c). PGBEP1 is the holding company for subsidiary, Richborough Energy Park Limited, Pacific Green s 99MW battery energy storage system BESS at Richborough Energy Park REP which begins operations later this summer. Under the terms of the Agreement entered into, the consideration is
payable pursuant to operational milestones related to the battery park as it connects to the grid and becomes operational. (b) On June 8, 2023, the Company approved the cancellation of shares
of Treasury stock it had previously repurchased during the year ended March 31, 2022 under an authorized share buy-back program. (c) On June 9, 2023, the board of directors approved a performance-related
bonus for Scott Poulter, Chief Executive Officer, which comprises shares in the Company, in cash
and a increase in salary backdated to April 1, 2023. The shares are issuable and cash payable immediately. The cash bonus was paid
on June 15, 2023. The shares were issued on June 23, 2023. (d) On June 20 and 21, 2023 certain loans were repaid in full along with the repayment fee. These are detailed in Note 13. 

F- 34 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted
an evaluation (pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act) of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of March 31, 2023. 

Disclosure controls and
procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on the evaluation
of our disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of March 31, following remediation of the two material weaknesses, that had been previously disclosed,
as described below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management
and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (2013 framework). Based on this evaluation
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of March 31, 2023, the Company has maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting. 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers from the internal control audit requirements of Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company made significant
improvements in our internal control over financial reporting in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and
15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the year ended March 31, 2023, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Refer to Remediation Activities below. 

21 

Inherent Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls 

Management recognizes
that a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and
the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or error, if any, have been detected. These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a
simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance
with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due
to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Remediation Activities 

In order to remediate the material weakness identified in internal control reported in the prior year audit we
have added the following controls: 

We have implemented preventive controls surrounding the recognition of revenue on our contracts. These consist
of training protocols (comprising one-to-one coaching by CFO and Controller of less experienced members of our finance team involved in
the calculation and booking of revenue, and online research of US GAAP documentation) to ensure personnel have the technical expertise
to identify compliance with accounting standards, as well as cost forecasting and monitoring procedures to determine accurately the percentage
complete of each of our scrubber contracts. 

We have implemented monitoring controls to validate the calculations of revenue to be recognized at each reporting
period, and review of confirmations from our main subcontractor to verify stage of completion for revenue recognition. 

We have implemented a monitoring control to verify the allocation of amortization and overhead costs into cost
of sales. 

Item
9B. Other Inform ation 

On February 1, 2020, Eric Prouty became
an Independent non-executive director of the Company. Effective November 14, 2022, Eric Prouty resigned as a non-executive director from
board of directors and Chair of the Audit Committee of the Company. Mr. Prouty s resignation did not result from any disagreement
with the Company regarding our policies, practices, or otherwise. 

On February 4, 2021, Peter Rossbach became an
Independent non-executive director of the Company. 

On October 16, 2022, Alexander (Alex) Shead was
appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of our Company. He previously served as an Executive Director for the Company from
July 2016 to October 2020. Following the resignation of Eric Prouty, on November 14, 2022 Alex was appointed as Chair of the Audit Committee. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

22 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The following individuals serve as the directors
and executive officers of our company as of the date of this annual report. All directors of our company hold office until the next annual
meeting of our shareholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The executive officers of our company are appointed
by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. 

Name 
 
 Position
Held with the Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Date First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Eric Prouty 
 
 Non-Executive Director 
 
 53 
 
 February 1, 2020 ) 
 
 Alex Shead 
 
 Non-Executive Director 
 
 62 
 
 October 16, 2022 
 
 Peter Rossbach 
 
 Non-Executive Director 
 
 65 
 
 February 4, 2021 
 
 Neil Carmichael 
 
 Non-Executive Director 
 
 70 
 
 December 18, 2012 
 
 Scott Poulter 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 
 
 55 
 
 May 8, 2017 
 
 Richard Fraser-Smith 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 59 
 
 January 20, 2020 

) Resigned on November 14, 2022 

Business Experience 

The following is a brief account of the
education and business experience during at least the past five years of our directors and executive officer, indicating their principal
occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried
out. 

Scott Poulter Chief Executive Officer
and Executive Director 

Scott Poulter was appointed as executive director
of Pacific Green Technologies Inc. on May 8, 2017. On August 23, 2019, Mr. Poulter was appointed Chief Executive Officer of our Company.
Mr. Poulter was a former professional windsurfer in the United Kingdom, and subsequently became a sports marketing entrepreneur with various
sport marketing businesses worldwide which controlled various commercial or licensing rights in Formula One auto racing from 1996 to 2003. 

In 2009, he was asked to assist an emission control
technology company, EnviroResolutions, in commercializing its proprietary technology and he became increasingly interested in technologies
that could help improve the environment. In that vein, Mr. Poulter became a significant investor in our company, and has since endeavored
to use his entrepreneurial skills and international business experience to drive forward the emission control technologies of Pacific
Green Technologies, Inc. He has been integral in delivering our Company s business relationships in China and Europe. 

Neil Carmichael Non-Executive Director 

Dr. Neil Carmichael was appointed as a director
of our company on December 18, 2012 and as our president, treasurer and secretary on August 31, 2013. On August 23, 2019, Dr. Carmichael
resigned, and the Company entered into a non-executive directorship agreement with Neil Carmichael. Dr. Carmichael holds a Mathematics
BSc from University of Edinburgh and a Mathematics PhD from University of Warwick. Dr. Carmichael has over 25 years energy sector
management experience including international business development, strategy formulation and implementation and procurement accountabilities.
From 1980-85 Dr. Carmichael worked in scientific and engineering consultancy, initially with Scicon (part of BP group) on non-linear optimization,
then with Intercomp on mathematics for petroleum engineering and reservoir simulators. In 1985 he joined Shell in its reservoir engineering
research unit. This was followed by positions in petroleum engineering, field development; followed by management roles in business development,
personnel, information technology and procurement. This required working in a range of countries, from Peru to Bangladesh. In 2006 to
2010 he was Chief Executive Officer of Shell Business Development Central Asia, based in Astana, Kazakhstan and responsible for Shell s
new business activities in Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan and Azerbaijan. Dr. Carmichael was also the Shell representative in Turkmenistan and
Azerbaijan. Since 2010 he has been working on two upstream, exploration focused, start-ups, one in Ukraine and the other in Pakistan.
Dr. Carmichael has most recently held the position of general manager and country representative in Central Asia with Shell Exploration
and Production. Dr. Carmichael has a wide range of technical, country and management experiences; mostly focused on oil and gas, much
of it applicable in other domains. 

23 

Peter Rossbach Non-Executive Director 

Peter van Egmond Rossbach has worked in the renewable
power sector since 1985 when he started at Standard Poor s rating utility bonds financing renewable projects in California. 

In the late 1980s he worked with Catalyst Energy,
a developer of hydro and cogeneration projects that was later sold to the Boone Pickens family. In the early 1990 s, Mr. Rossbach
was a vice president of project finance for the Mitsui Bank, arranging loans for wind and cogeneration projects in the United States. 

Since the mid-1990s, Mr. Rossbach worked in Europe
and Asia making investments in hydro, wind and solar projects in over a dozen counties. Over this time frame he created renewable energy
asset portfolios of over 1GW, first for a fund in Asia based in Singapore and then since 2003 for Impax Asset Management in Europe. While
at Impax in London he assembled a team of industry-oriented specialists with expertise in project construction, operation, finance and
asset management. 

Currently Mr. Rossbach serves as Senior Advisor
and is on the investment committee for Impax s private equity funds #1-3 and is a non-executive board member with UGE International
Ltd, a TSX-listed renewables developer in the USA. Mr. Rossbach has a degree in Government from Harvard College and a Masters degree
in Public Policy from Harvard s Kennedy School of Government. 

Alex Shead Non-Executive Director 

Alex is Chairman of Lockton Pacific (2012-present),
a subsidiary of Lockton Companies Inc., the world s largest privately held, independent insurance brokerage firm, ranked 8th
largest globally. Alex is also the Responsible Manager with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC). 

In 2008, Alex conceived the award-winning Non-governmental
Organization (NGO), Food Ladder, and remains Chairman, today. Food Ladder was one of the first NGOs globally to use environmentally sustainable
technologies to create food and economic security for communities affected by poverty. Alex was also the founder of Fair Repairs,
a social enterprise that delivers training and job opportunities for people suffering from long term unemployment and disadvantage. 

Alex is a British, Australian, and Swiss national,
educated at Harrow School in England and La Sorbonne University in Paris, France. In 1993, Alex co-founded Stuart Alexander, leading the
company to become one of the UK s largest insurance and risk management advisory businesses, ultimately selling to AXA, UK. 

In 2004, Alex relocated to Australia where he
was a shareholder and Director of Milne Alexander, a boutique insurance broking and advisory firm. From 2008 to 2014, Alex was the Executive
Chairman of the Mecon Winsure Insurance Group, one of Australia s leading insurance underwriting agencies, acting as a Coverholder
for Lloyd s of London and local Australian insurers. Mecon Winsure Insurance Group was sold to the ASX-listed Steadfast Group Ltd
in 2014. 

Alex s track record of creating shareholder
value through Merger and acquisition activity has spanned over three decades. Alex has a wide range of entrepreneurial experience and
an in-depth knowledge of large-scale enterprise acquisition and operational integrations, having successfully led over 40 business transactions. 

24 

Richard Fraser-Smith Chief Financial
Officer 

Richard Fraser-Smith, Chartered Accountant, is
a finance professional. He was previously Chief Financial Officer of Global Marine Systems Limited Global Marine ), a provider
of engineering solutions and sub-sea fibre optic and power cable installation, maintenance and related services to the worldwide telecoms,
offshore wind and oil and gas markets. 

Mr. Fraser-Smith qualified as a Chartered Accountant
with PricewaterhouseCoopers in 1991, where he worked on audits in a wide range of businesses. He later worked for Conoco Inc., ING Barings,
PepsiCo, Halcrow Group Limited and CH2M Hill before joining Global Marine in 2015. 

Within the finance function, Mr. Fraser-Smith
has used his experience to transform reporting timeframes for management accounts as well as treasury and cash management procedures,
along with M A support. In addition to his financial expertise, he has been integrally involved in business planning and strategy,
has developed full board reporting/KPI (key performance indicator) packages in support of this, and reviewed business processes, supply
chains and logistics, reducing lead times, freeing up working capital and significantly reducing costs. 

Mr. Fraser-Smith graduated in Chemical Engineering
from Manchester University (UMIST) and is a Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 

Other Directorships 

Other than as disclosed above, our directors and
officers do not hold any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange
Act or subject to the requirements of section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940. 

Board of Directors and Director Nominees 

Since our board of directors does not include
a majority of independent directors, the decisions of the board regarding director nominees are made by persons who have an interest in
the outcome of the determination. The Board will consider candidates for directors proposed by security holders, although no formal procedures
for submitting candidates have been adopted. Unless otherwise determined, at any time not less than 90 days prior to the next annual board
meeting at which the slate of director nominees is adopted, the board will accept written submissions from proposed nominees that include
the name, address and telephone number of the proposed nominee; a brief statement of the nominee s qualifications to serve as a
director; and a statement as to why the security holder submitting the proposed nominee believes that the nomination would be in the best
interests of our security holders. If the proposed nominee is not the same person as the security holder submitting the name of the nominee,
a letter from the nominee agreeing to the submission of his or her name for consideration should be provided at the time of submission.
The letter should be accompanied by a r sum supporting the nominee s qualifications to serve on the board, as well
as a list of references. 

The board identifies director nominees through
a combination of referrals from different people, including management, existing board members and security holders. Once a candidate
has been identified, the board reviews the individual s experience and background and may discuss the proposed nominee with the
source of the recommendation. If the board believes it to be appropriate, board members may meet with the proposed nominee before making
a final determination whether to include the proposed nominee as a member of the slate of director nominees submitted to security holders
for election to the board. 

Some of the factors which the board considers
when evaluating proposed nominees include their knowledge of and experience in business matters, finance, capital markets and mergers
and acquisitions. The board may request additional information from each candidate prior to reaching a determination. The board is under
no obligation to formally respond to all recommendations, although as a matter of practice, it will endeavor to do so. 

25 

Conflicts of Interest 

Our directors are not obligated to commit their
full time and attention to our business and, accordingly, they may encounter a conflict of interest in allocating time between our operations
and those of other businesses. In the course of their other business activities, they may become aware of investment and business opportunities
which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as other entities to which they owe a fiduciary duty. As a result, they may have
conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. They may also in the future
become affiliated with entities, engaged in business activities similar to those we intend to conduct. In general, officers and directors
of a corporation are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would be unfair to the corporation and its stockholders not to bring the opportunity to the attention of the corporation. 

We adopted a code of ethics that obligates our
directors, officers, and employees to disclose potential conflicts of interest and prohibits those persons from engaging in such transactions
without our consent. 

Legal Proceedings 

Except as noted below, to the best of our knowledge,
none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

1. been
convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

2. 
 had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

3. 
 been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

4. 
 been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

26 

Note: on or about May 1, 2019 an affiliated shareholder
of the Company holding more than ten percent of our issued and outstanding securities, informed the Company that it has profited from
the purchase and sale of our stock within a period of less than six months, in violation of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (the Act ). Pursuant to a Settlement Agreement dated July 2, 2019, in exchange for the forbearance of legal action
by the Company pursuant to Section 16(b), the shareholder has disgorged to our Company the full amount of the profit realized. 

Audit Committee 

In March 2021, the board created an Audit Committee,
which held its inaugural meeting on March 25, 2021 in which it set out its charter to provide additional governance and oversight of the
internal control over finance reporting. It will work alongside the board of directors as a whole which participates in the review of
financial statements and disclosure. The audit committee members are Alex Shead (chair), Peter Rossbach, and Neil Carmichael. Alex Shead
qualifies as an audit committee financial expert and is independent under applicable NYSE and SEC standards. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our officers,
directors, or persons nominated for such positions. 

Compliance With Section 16(A) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity
securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning
their ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5, respectively. Executive officers, directors
and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. 

Based solely on our review of the copies of such
forms received by our company, or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were required for those persons,
we believe that, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater
than 10 beneficial owners as well as our officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners of our subsidiaries were complied
with. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics that applies to, among other persons, members of our board of directors, our company s officers including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, employees, consultants and advisors. As adopted, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets forth
written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 

1. 
 honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 

2. 
 full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by us; 

3. 
 compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

4. 
 the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and 

5. 
 accountability for adherence to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires,
among other things, that all our company s senior officers commit to timely, accurate and consistent disclosure of information;
that they maintain confidential information; and that they act with honesty and integrity. 

In addition, our Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics emphasizes that all employees, and particularly senior officers, have a responsibility for maintaining financial integrity within
our company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, and federal and state securities laws. Any senior officer who becomes
aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or other irregularities, whether by witnessing the incident or being
told of it, must report it to our company. Any failure to report such inappropriate or irregular conduct of others is to be treated as
a severe disciplinary matter. It is against our company policy to retaliate against any individual who reports in good faith the violation
or potential violation of our company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by another. 

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is attached
hereto as Exhibit 14. We will provide a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any person without charge, upon request. Requests
can be sent to: Pacific Green Technologies Inc., Suite #10212 8 The Green, Dover, DE 19901 USA. 

27 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The particulars of compensation paid by our company
to the following persons: 

(a) 
 our principal executive officer; 

(b) 
 each of our most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the period from inception to March 31, 2023; and 

(c) 
 individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer at the end of the period to March 31, 2021, who we will collectively refer to as our named executive officers are set out in the following summary compensation table: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other 
 Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Neil Carmichael 
 2023 
 56,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 56,000 

2022 
 28,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 28,000 

Scott Poulter (3) 
 2023 
 674,000 
 197,057 (1) 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 871,057 

2022 
 679,000 (5) 
 324,197 (2) 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 1,003,197 

Eric Prouty 
 2023 
 34,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 19,693 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 53,693 

2022 
 51,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 51,000 

Peter Rossbach 
 2023 
 61,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 17,154 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 78,154 

2022 
 56,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 29,973 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 85,973 

Alexander Shead (4) 
 2023 
 25,468 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 25,468 

2022 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 

Richard Fraser-Smith 
 2023 
 321,836 
 100,725 
 nil 
 16,624 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 439,186 

2022 
 314,562 
 34,310 
 nil 
 48,039 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 396,911 

(1) 
 Includes commission of 139,848 
 
 (2) 
 Includes commission of 260,479 
 
 (3) 
 Paid to Fresh Air Holdings Pte Limited 
 
 (4) 
 Paid to Alexander Group Pty Limited 
 
 (5) 
 Include 60,000 director fee assignment from Neil Carmichael to Fresh Air Holdings Pte Limited 

Stock Option Plan 

Currently, we do not have a stock option plan
in the Company. 

Stock Options/SAR Grants 

On July 20, 2015, the Company granted options
to Neil Carmichael to purchase up to 312,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share of common stock on or before
July 19, 2018. The options expiry date was extended to December 31, 2022 and they expired at that date. 

On September 26, 2017, the Company granted 175,000
stock options to a Company controlled by Alexander Shead. The stock options are exercisable at 0.01 per share and expire September 25,
2019. The options expiry date was extended to September 28, 2020. On August 31, 2020, the options were exercised. 

On November 30, 2018, the Company granted 2,865,000
stock options to employees, directors and consultants to the Company. These options were exercisable at 1.70 per share and expired on
November 29, 2021. 

28 

On January 15, 2020, the Company granted 25,000
stock options to Richard Fraser-Smith. These options are exercisable at a 25 discount to the average of the 30 trading days immediately
prior to January 15, 2020. The options are exercisable on January 15, 2021 for a period of 3 years or 12 months following the termination
of officer s employment contract dated January 15, 2020, whichever is earlier. These options expired on January 14, 2023. 

On January 15, 2021, the Company granted 25,000
stock options to Richard Fraser-Smith. These options are exercisable at a 25 discount to the average of the 30 trading days immediately
prior to January 15, 2021. The options are exercisable on January 15, 2022 for a period of 3 years or 12 months following the termination
of officer s employment contract dated January 15, 2020, whichever is earlier. 

On March 31, 2021, the Company granted 75,000
stock options to Riseley D Souza. 25,000 options at the exercise price of 0.01 and 50,000 options at the exercise price of 1.50.
The options are exercisable on March 31, 2021 for a period of three years. 

On January 15, 2022, the Company granted 25,000
stock options to Richard Fraser-Smith. These options are exercisable at a 25 discount to the average of the 30 trading days immediately
prior to January 15, 2022. The options are exercisable on January 15, 2023 for a period of 3 years or 12 months following the termination
of officer s employment contract dated January 15, 2020, whichever is earlier. 

On March 15, 2022, the Company granted 100,000
stock options to Peter Rossbach at the exercise price of 1.20. 60,000 options are exercisable on March 15, 2022 for a period of 3 years.
40,000 options are exercisable on August 1, 2022 for a period of 3 years. 

On February 20, 2023, the Company granted 25,000
stock options to Richard Fraser-Smith. These options are exercisable at a 25 discount to the average of the 30 trading days immediately
prior to February 20, 2023. The options are exercisable on February 20, 2024 for a period of 3 years or 12 months following the termination
of officer s employment contract dated January 15, 2020, whichever is earlier. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

None 

Option Exercises 

During our fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, 175,000
stock purchase options were exercised by Alexander Shead, a director of the Company. 

During our fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, 25,000
stock purchase options were exercised by Riseley D Souza, an employee of the Company. 

Compensation of Directors 

On August 23, 2019, The Company entered into an
agreement with Neil Carmichael to provide non-executive director service for compensation of 3,000 per month. The Company will also compensate
Mr. Carmichael for 5,000 per annum per committee he sits on, and 10,000 per committee when he acts as Chairman. 

On July 20, 2015, we entered into an agreement
with Alexander Shead to provide director services to the Company for compensation of 1,000 per month. On October 16, 2020, Mr. Shead
resigned as a director of our Company. As a bonus for his past service, Mr. Shead was issued 100,000 shares of common stock. 

On February 1, 2020, we entered into an agreement
with Eric Prouty to become an Independent non-executive director of our Company for compensation of 3,000 per month. The Company will
also compensate Mr. Prouty for 5,000 per annum per committee he sits on, and 10,000 per committee when he acts as Chairman. Mr. Prouty
resigned on November 14, 2022. 

On February 4, 2021, The Company entered into
an agreement with Peter Rossbach to provide non-executive director service for compensation of 3,000 per month. The Company will also
compensate Mr. Rossbach for 5,000 per annum per committee he sits on, and 10,000 per committee when he acts as Chairman. 

On October 16, 2022, we entered into an agreement
with Alexander Shead to provide director services to the Company for compensation of 3,000 per month. The Company will also compensate
Mr. Shead for 5,000 per annum per committee he sits on, and 10,000 per committee when he acts as Chairman. 

Other than the above, we do not have any agreements
for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to
receive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our board of directors. 

29 

We have determined that two of our directors is
an independent director (Alex Shead and Peter Rossbach), as that term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which we
provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans
pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may
be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers,
Executive Officers and Other Management 

None of our directors or executive officers or
any associate or affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years is or has been indebted to our company by way of guarantee,
support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth the ownership,
as of June 29, 2023, of our common stock by each of our directors and executive officers, by all of our executive officers and directors
as a group, and by each person known to us who is the beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our securities. As of June 29,
2023, there were 47,970,724 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. All persons named have sole voting and investment control
with respect to the shares, except as otherwise noted. The number of shares described below includes shares which the beneficial owner
described has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date of this registration statement. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Class (1) 
 
 Scott Poulter 
Suite #10212, 8 The Green, Dover, DE 19901, USA 
 10,784,160 
 Common Shares (2) 
 21.6 
 
 Alexander Shead (4) 
Suite #10212, 8 The Green, Dover, DE 19901, USA 
 4,457,480 
 Common Shares (3) 
 8.9 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 
 15,241,640 
 Common Shares 
 30.5 
 
 Fresh Air Investments Canada Limited (2) 
Suite 409-221, West Esplanade - North Vancouver, BC, Canada, V7M 3J3 
 9,312,237 
Common Shares 
 18.6 
 
 Twynam Investments Pty Ltd. 226 Liverpool Street - Darlinghurst, NSW 2010 - Australia 
 3,884,000 Common Shares 
 7.8 
 
 Kensington Trust Singapore
Ltd ATF Intrawest Retirement Fund (3) 14 Robinson Road #12-01/02 Far East Finance Building 048545 Singapore 
 3,043,628 
 Common Shares 
 6.1 
 
 Over 5 Shareholders 
 17,711,788 
 Common Shares 
 35.4 

(1) 
 Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person
who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power,
which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or
direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons
share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if
the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information
is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of
shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of
outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power
with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on June 29, 2023. As of June 29, 2023, there were 49,970,724
shares of our company s common stock issued and outstanding. 

30 

(2) 
 Includes 9,312,237 common
shares held by Fresh Air Investments Canada Limited. Scott Poulter does not exercise direct voting or dispositive control over these
shares. However, the Hookipa Trust is a shareholder of Fresh Air Investments Canada Limited. Also
includes 1,471,923 common shares held by Climate Technica Investments Limited which is controlled by Scott Poulter. 

(3) 
 Includes 977,177 common
shares held by Alexander Group Company PTY Ltd. Alexander Shead has voting and dispositive control over securities held by Alexander
Group Company PTY Ltd. Also includes 3,043,628 common shares held by Kensington Trust Singapore Ltd ATF Intrawest Retirement Fund.
Securities held by Kensington Trust Singapore Ltd ATF Intrawest Retirement Fundare held for the financial benefit of Mr. Shead. Mr. Shead
does not exercise direct voting or dispositive control over these securities. Also includes 386,675 common shares held by Shead Group
Pty Ltd and 50,000 common shares held by Mr. Shead directly. 

(4) Alex Shead ceased being an executive director of PGT Inc.
on October 16, 2020 and was appointed as independent non-executive director on October 16, 2022. 

Changes in Control 

We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement
or provisions of our Articles or Bylaws the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our company. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

Other than set forth below, there have been no
other transactions since the beginning of our last fiscal year or any currently proposed transactions in which we are, or plan to be,
a participant and the amount involved exceeds or one percent of the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed
fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively, we incurred 1,047,525 and 1,168,890 in consultancy fees paid to the officers, directors and companies controlled by them. 

Year Ended 

March 31, 
 March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Fresh Air Holdings Pte, Ltd (1) 
 871,057 
 1,003,917 
 
 Alexander Group Company Pty Ltd, controlled by Alexander Shead 
 25,468 
 nil 
 
 Eric Prouty (Resigned November 14, 2022) 
 34,000 
 51,000 
 
 Distributed Generation LLC, controlled by Peter Rossbach 
 61,000 
 85,973 
 
 Neil Carmichael 
 56,000 
 28,000 
 
 Total 
 1,047,525 
 1,168,890 

As at March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021,
we had amounts due to/(from) related parties as follows: 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

Due from related parties 
 Due to related parties 
 Due from related parties 
 Due to related parties 
 
 Due to/(from) related parties 

Fresh Air Holdings Pte, Ltd (1) 
 nil 
 17,415 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 Eric Prouty (resigned November 14, 2022) 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 4,250 
 
 Distributed Generation 
 nil 
 9,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 Neil Carmichael 
 nil 
 84,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 Alex Shead 
 2,532 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 Other directors 
 nil 
 105,136 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 Total 
 2,532 
 215,551 
 nil 
 4,250 

(1) Fresh Air Holdings Pte, Ltd (FAH) is a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Hookipa Trust. FAH provides consulting services pursuant to a consulting agreement dated December 1, 2018. The sole director of
FAH is Scott Poulter, a director of the Company effective May 8, 2017. 

31 

Related party transactions occurred in the normal
course of operations on terms and conditions that are similar to those of transactions with unrelated parties and, therefore, are measured
at the exchange amount. 

Director Independence 

We currently act with four directors, Neil Carmichael,
Scott Poulter, Alex Shead, and Peter Rossbach. Alex Shead and Peter Rossbach both qualify as an independent director as
defined by Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 4200(a) (15). 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The aggregate fees billed for the most recently
completed fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and for fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal
accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements
for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year Ended 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 480,733 
 387,445 
 
 Tax Fees 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 Total 
 505,869 
 387,445 

Audit fees for the year ended March 31, 2023
relate to Grant Thornton UK LLP 

Fees charged for tax services relate to assistance in U.S. tax compliance and general Canadian tax
advisory. 

Our board of directors pre-approves all services
provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors either before
or after the respective services were rendered. 

Our board of directors has considered the
nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to
the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 

32 

Item 15. Exhibits Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) Financial
Statements 

1. 
 Financial statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. 

2. 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(b) Exhibits 

(31) 
 
 Rule 13a-14
 (d)/15d-14d) Certifications 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 (32) 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 906 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 101 
 
 Interactive Data Files 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not Applicable. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PACIFIC GREEN TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

(Registrant) 

Dated: June 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Scott Poulter 

Scott Poulter 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: June 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard Fraser-Smith 

Richard Fraser-Smith 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Dated: June 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Scott Poulter 

Scott Poulter 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: June 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard Fraser-Smith 

Richard Fraser-Smith 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2023ex31-1_pacificgreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Scott Poulter, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Pacific
Green Technologies Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2023; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 29, 2023 

/s/ Scott Poulter 

Scott Poulter 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pacific Green Technologies Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2023ex31-2_pacificgreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Richard Fraser-Smith, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Pacific
Green Technologies Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2023; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 29, 2023 

/s/ Richard Fraser-Smith 

Richard Fraser-Smith 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pacific Green Technologies Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex32-1_pacificgreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Scott Poulter, hereby certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pacific Green Technologies
Inc. for the period ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Pacific Green Technologies Inc. 

/s/
 Scott Poulter 

Dated: June 29, 2023 
 Scott F. Poulter 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pacific Green Technologies Inc. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Pacific Green Technologies Inc. and will
be retained by Pacific Green Technologies Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2023ex32-2_pacificgreen.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Richard Fraser-Smith, hereby certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pacific Green Technologies
Inc. for the period ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Pacific Green Technologies Inc. 

/s/
 Richard Fraser-Smith 

Dated: June 29, 2023 
 Richard Fraser-Smith 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pacific Green Technologies Inc. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Pacific Green Technologies Inc. and will
be retained by Pacific Green Technologies Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pgtk-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pgtk-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pgtk-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pgtk-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pgtk-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

