<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1136174_0001628280-23-011799.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11188727</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>931906</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1872649</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3865508</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2347089</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1930487</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-011799.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417165214
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-011799
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ontrak, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001136174
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISC HEALTH & ALLIED SERVICES, NEC [8090]
		IRS NUMBER:				880464853
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31932
		FILM NUMBER:		23824529

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 PASEO VERDE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 280
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310 444 4300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 PASEO VERDE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 280
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89052

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CATASYS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110316

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HYTHIAM, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101029

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HYTHIAM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-011799.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 cats-20221231.htm
 10-K

cats-20221231 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___to _____ 
 Commission File Number 
 __________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Capital Market 
 The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Not Applicable 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that 
 the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares are not included in such calculation is an affiliate) was based on the 1.06 closing sales price of the common stock on The NASDAQ Global Market on that date. The Company's common stock is currently listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market. 
 
 As of April 12, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

_______________________________________________________________________________________________________ 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 PART II 
 27 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 27 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 40 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 41 
 PART III 
 41 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 41 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 46 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 53 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions , and Director Independence 
 55 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 55 
 PART IV 
 56 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 58 
 Signatures 59 
 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, all references to Ontrak, Ontrak, Inc., we, us, our or the Company mean Ontrak, Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities, except where it is made clear that the term means only the parent company. The Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, is referred to as common stock" and the Company s 9.50 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, is referred to as Series A Preferred Stock. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed due to factors such as, among others, limited operating history, difficulty in developing, exploiting and protecting proprietary technologies, intense competition and substantial regulation in the healthcare industry. Additional information concerning factors that could cause or contribute to such differences can be found in the following discussion, as well as in Item 1A - Risk Factors and Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We encourage you to read those descriptions carefully. We caution you not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this report. These statements, like all statements in this report, speak only as of the date of this report (unless an earlier date is indicated) and we undertake no obligation to update or revise the statements except as required by law. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results will likely differ, perhaps materially, from those suggested by such forward-looking statements. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Ontrak, Inc. Ontrak, Company, we, us or our was incorporated in the State of Delaware on September 29, 2003. Ontrak was founded with a passion for engaging with and helping improve the health and save the lives of anyone impacted by behavioral health conditions. We are an artificial intelligence AI )-powered and telehealth-enabled, healthcare company, whose mission is to help improve the health and save the lives of as many people as possible. Our technology-enabled platform utilizes claim-based analytics and predictive modeling to provide analytic insights throughout the delivery of our personalized care program. Our program predicts people whose chronic disease will improve with behavior change, recommends effective care pathways that people are willing to follow, and engages and guides them to and through the care and treatment they need. By combining predictive analytics with human engagement, we deliver improved member health and validated outcomes and savings to healthcare payors. 
 
 Our integrated, technology-enabled Ontrak TM programs are designed to provide healthcare solutions to members with behavioral conditions that cause or exacerbate chronic medical conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, coronary artery disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and congestive heart failure, which result in high medical costs. Ontrak has a unique ability to engage these members, who do not otherwise seek behavioral healthcare, leveraging proprietary enrollment capabilities built on deep insights into the drivers of care avoidance. Ontrak integrates evidence-based psychosocial and medical interventions delivered either in-person or via telehealth, along with care coaches who address the social and environmental determinants of health. Our programs seek to improve member health and deliver validated cost savings to healthcare payors. 
 We operate as one segment in the United States and we have contracted with leading national and regional health plans to make the Ontrak program available to eligible members. 
 
 Our Market 
 The true impact of behavioral health is often under-identified by organizations that provide healthcare benefits. Individuals with unaddressed behavioral health conditions that worsen chronic medical comorbidities cost health plans and employers a disproportionate amount of the total healthcare costs. A recent analysis in Milliman's research report titled " How do individuals with behavioral health conditions contribute to physical and total healthcare spending? " dated August 13, 2020 (the "Milliman research report") found that for the high-cost behavioral health population, who typically have multiple chronic medical comorbidities, insignificant amounts are spent on needed behavioral healthcare. This unaddressed situation not only negatively impacts the lives of these members, but also significantly contributes to avoidable spending. As unmanaged chronic conditions worsen over time, avoidable emergency department and inpatient costs are incurred. As such, engaging this population not only offers health plans a much greater cost savings opportunity compared to lower acuity populations, but also the opportunity to improve the lives and outcomes of their most vulnerable members. 
 A smaller, high-cost subset of these patients with behavioral health conditions drives the majority of the claims costs for the overall substance dependent population. According to the Milliman research report, the behavioral subgroup patients constituted 5.7 of the total commercial population of insured lives but accounted for 44 of total commercial healthcare costs. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, adults with anxiety, addiction and/or depressive disorders increased by 300 since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The National Institute of Mental Health reports that nearly one in four adults in the United States of America are impacted by behavioral health issues, such as substance abuse, anxiety disorders or depression. Mental Health America, a large community-based nonprofit dedicated to addressing and promoting mental health, reports that approximately 24 of adults with behavioral health disorders were not able to receive the treatment they needed and that this number has not declined since 2011. Approximately 90 of Ontrak eligible members had untreated or under-treated behavioral health disorders. When considering behavioral health-related costs, many organizations have historically only looked at direct treatment costs usually behavioral claims. For the members we seek to engage in our solution, costs associated with behavioral health treatment represent a small portion of their overall healthcare claims, while the medical costs are significant as most patients with behavioral health conditions do not receive the appropriate treatment they need for other existing medical conditions. 
 Our Solution 
 Our business strategy is to deliver proven, repeatable clinical and financial outcomes to health plans for their members with unaddressed behavioral conditions that worsen other medical comorbidities. We do this by identifying, engaging and treating these members through our technology enabled program that focuses on the intersection between behavioral health, physical health and social health. Our advanced AI-supported intervention platform will provide enhanced identification, engagement, digital indicators and treatment processes to improve the overall program efficacy and visibility, which provides greater flexibility to tailor treatment for a more personalized and effective behavior health solution to address the needs of our members throughout their care journey. 
 
 Until now, health plans and providers have primarily used AI to identify members who may be eligible for programs and services and have tended to rely on pre-post measures rather than the real-time insights that enable optimization of member engagement, treatment, measurement, and outcomes. By combining in-house AI capabilities with a proprietary blend of technology company partners, Ontrak is solving for these limitations by building an industry-leading intervention platform that integrates AI into every step of the member's behavioral healthcare journey. 
 
 Ontrak is pioneering a new approach to behavioral healthcare, one that infuses AI services into every step of a members' behavioral health journey. The result is an industry-leading Advanced Engagement System, and measurement feedback system, that optimizes program eligibility, member outreach, coaching interaction, provider visits, interoperability of data, and outcomes. 
 The Company s identification process includes the ability to customize outreach based on prediction of case complexity, readiness to engage, highest cost to health plans, inappropriate use of hospitalization and gaps in care. The engagement process will enable Ontrak to predict probability of contact based on the member s preferences, optimal matching of members and coaches, and optimal matching of members and providers. Additionally, digital care indicators will highlight to care coaches when a member is at risk and new mobile experiences will trigger a signal for encouragement when a member is likely to disengage. Treatment will be enhanced by natural language processing of care coach notes and provider visit transcripts, so that these can be rapidly shared between care coaches and providers for valuable engagement signals and real time action throughout the member s journey. Ontrak s activation process is enhanced through 6- and 12-month behavioral health check-ins after graduation to feed the algorithms, inform training, and continuously improve program efficacy. By using end to end AI services across every member s behavioral health journey, Ontrak can provide payers and providers with better coordinated and easier to measure care. 
 We believe that in addition to virtual care, a human touch is necessary to keep members engaged in line with their goals. A successful program must take a whole-person approach, individualized to each member, and help members overcome barriers to care and empower them to create durable behavior change. Our unique approach to engage complex, unmanaged populations identifies these members and addresses the various barriers to care that may be impacting them through our proven four-step approach. 
 Identify 
 We specifically focus on members with anxiety, depression and/or substance use disorder(s) by using AI and predictive modeling, applying claims-based analytics to identify health plan members with medical costs that may be impacted through behavioral health treatment with the Ontrak program. We uncover deep, predictive attributes, leveraging advanced data analytics using variety of different features relating to co-occurring medical conditions to identify individuals with unaddressed behavioral health conditions, even absent a diagnosis, that cause or exacerbate chronic medical disease. These members may or may not be diagnosed with a behavioral condition. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 With the combination of our AI driven identification of potential members and person-centered outreach methodology, on average, we have successfully enrolled 25 of eligible and identified members into the Ontrak program. 
 Engage 
 With behavioral health concerns on the rise, and with social detriments and access barriers continuing to impact how and when these individuals seek care, it has never been more important to engage members who need help. Health plans struggle to effectively engage high-cost members with unaddressed behavioral health issues and chronic disease. Ontrak conducts smarter, more effective outreach on behalf of the health plans through its proven approach to engaging costly, complex populations with unaddressed behavioral conditions and chronic disease. 
 Our engagement process is rooted in understanding the whole person and their individual barriers to healthcare access. Ontrak conducts multichannel outreach under its model of coaching to engage and enroll the members that are identified in its initial identification phase as described above. We use motivational interviewing, which is an evidence-based approach to behavioral change to identify participants' values, goals, needs, abilities and barriers. By understanding members on a more personal level, our team of trained, dedicated member engagement specialists and care coaches work together to remove barriers and drive program engagement, resulting in better retention that leads to better healthcare outcomes for members and reducing avoidable costs for health plans. Ontrak's enrollment specialists and care coaches build trust using a whole-person approach that aligns with each member's individualized concerns and challenges, including understanding their total health needs and identifying and removing barriers to care. Ontrak's model drives exceptionally high member engagement with the program, even among those who have failed in other behavior change programs. 
 Treat 
 Hard-to-engage populations need a high-touch solution. Our Ontrak solution provides personalized, thoughtful plans of care by combining care coaching with innovative psychosocial and medical treatment delivered through a proprietary provider network. The solution is designed to help payors treat and manage populations struggling with substance use disorder, depression and anxiety to improve their health and thereby decrease their overall health care costs. 
 Enrolled members receive care coaching and the opportunity to participate in telehealth or face-to-face evidence-based psychosocial and pharmacological treatment from our proprietary network of third-party providers. Ontrak care coaches guide members to relevant clinical pathways and providers, and stay connected to each member throughout the 12-month Ontrak program to ensure that social determinants of health are assessed and addressed with the same level of attention as behavioral health risks. Our dedicated care coaches focus on member skill building and personal health goals, while coordinating care with a tightly integrated network of therapists, psychiatrists and addiction specialists who provide behavioral health treatment to address underlying behavioral conditions. 
 Activate 
 Upon graduation from our Ontrak program, members have overcome barriers to care, realized durable behavior changes, and are actively managing their health by staying engaged with their primary care physician, behavioral provider(s) and health plan. 
 For graduated members, Ontrak's differentiated, high-touch approach to engagement results in lasting improvements in clinical outcomes, while driving significant, durable cost savings for health plans by reducing avoidable emergency department and inpatient utilization. 
 We believe the benefits of Ontrak include improved clinical outcomes and decreased costs for the payor, as well as improved quality of life for the member. We provide outcomes reporting to payors on a periodic basis to demonstrate the value of the program. 
 
 Market for Employer Mental Health and Wellbeing Support Services 
 
 Under our LifeDojo solution, our science-backed behavior change platform, we provide mental health and wellbeing support to members of employer customers. The LifeDojo approach to member-centric behavior change delivers lasting health improvement outcomes, high enrollment and better engagement than traditional programs, making transformative life changes possible for members. 

3 

Table of Contents 

Our Marketing Strategy 
 We are currently marketing our Ontrak solution to payors on a case rate, monthly fee, or fee for service basis, which involves educating them on the disproportionately high cost of their population with unaddressed behavioral health conditions that exacerbate medical comorbidities and demonstrating the potential for Ontrak to reduce these costs. 
 
 How Whole-Person Care Delivers Meaningful Outcomes That Last 
 In mid-2021, we presented a landmark behavioral study of the real-world impact of the Ontrak program, called the "Treatment Effect of the Ontrak Program" (the "Treatment Effect Study") at the American Health Insurance Plans event. In December 2022, the Treatment Effect Study was published in the prestigious American Journal of Managed Care . The Treatment Effect Study reviewed healthcare utilization and costs over a 36-month period and compared the outcomes for Ontrak graduates to a propensity-matched group of individuals who were eligible to enroll but did not. The Treatment Effect Study demonstrated our program's ability to effectively help health plans engage hard-to-reach populations and reduce costs by reducing avoidable inpatient utilization and increasing use of productive, preventive care. Health plans saw the following results for each Ontrak graduate in the study: 
 
 485 per member per month savings, durable 24 months post-enrollment 
 66 reduction in avoidable inpatient utilization 
 50 increase in preventive care services 
 
 The Treatment Effect Study demonstrates that Ontrak's behavioral health interventions work over the long-term, resulting in better outcomes for members and significant cost-savings for payors, and should be integrated as a critical component of healthcare plans. 
 
 We have validated, durable medical claims savings and ROI outcomes across all lines of business, including Medicare, Medicaid and commercial health plan members. In addition to medical claims savings, our members, once enrolled, increase preventive and managed care utilization, closing gaps in care, thereby becoming more self-sustaining individuals. We have been able to evidence clinical improvements of our members with the implementation of the tracking of our member s PHQ-9 and GAD-7 scores over the course of our program, which early results have shown 30 reduction in anxiety symptoms and 55 reduction of depressive symptoms after the first three months. 
 Recent Developments 
 Customer Notifications 
 
 On August 18, 2021, we received a termination notice from a large customer of their intent not to continue the program past December 31, 2021. We believe the notification was for reasons specific to the customer s corporate shift in strategic direction. On February 26, 2021, we were notified by our then largest customer that the participation status with this customer would be terminated. Each of these customers' members have completed their participation in our program as of December 31, 2021. As a result of each of these customer termination notices, in March and August 2021 and August 2022, we implemented a reduction in workforce and a restructuring plan as part of management's cost saving measures in order to reduce our operating costs, optimize our business model and help align with our previously stated strategic initiatives. On March 9, 2023, as part of our continued cost saving measures and to reduce our operating costs and to help align with our previously stated strategic initiatives, our management implemented additional headcount reductions wherein approximately 19 of our employee positions were eliminated. 
 
 Regulatory Matters 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated and continues to undergo significant changes. Healthcare companies are subject to extensive and complex federal, state and local laws, regulations and judicial decisions. For more information about regulatory matters, see discussion under "Risks related to our healthcare industry" in Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 We believe our employees are among our most important resources and are critical to the continued success of our business. We are focused on attracting and retaining talented and experienced individuals across all areas of our business and committed to hiring, developing and supporting a diverse and inclusive workplace. All of our employees are required to adhere to a professional 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 code of conduct and comply with annual training on, but not limited to, raising awareness, preventing and reporting any type of unlawful discrimination. We are not a party to any labor agreements and none of our employees are represented by a labor union. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 119 employees, which included 118 full-time, one part-time employees, and represented a 53 year-over-year decrease in our total employee headcount, reflecting the reduction in workforce discussed above. A majority of our employee base is comprised of care coaches, member engagement specialists and other staff directly involved in member care, as well as research and development, engineering and administrative team members. We expect our headcount to continue to fluctuate for the foreseeable future as we continue to focus on building operational efficiencies and make strategic investments to support the growth of our business. 
 In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had a total of approximately 33 independent contractors who provide us various consulting services, including recruiting, health network providers, marketing and other professional services, that are important to the operation of our business. 
 Available Information 
 We were incorporated in the State of Delaware on September 29, 2003. Our principal executive offices are located at 2200 Paseo Verde Parkway, Suite 280, Henderson, Nevada 89052 and our telephone number is (310) 444-4300. 
 Our corporate website address is www.ontrakhealth.com, the contents of which are not incorporated herein . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The SEC maintains an internet site that contains our public filings with the SEC and other information regarding our company, at www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual reference only. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In evaluating us and our securities, we urge you to carefully consider the risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the risks discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. If any of these risks occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed, the price of our common stock could decline, and future events and circumstances could differ significantly from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, before making an investment decision regarding our securities. 
 
 We will need additional funding, and we cannot guarantee that we will satisfy the conditions precedent for the 6.0 million that remains to be borrowed under the Keep Well Agreement or find adequate sources of capital in the future. We have incurred significant losses since our inception and may be unable to obtain additional funds before we achieve positive cash flows. Our programs and solutions may not be as effective as we believe and may not achieve broad market acceptance and announcements of disappointing results may lead to declines in the market prices of our securities. Our business currently depends upon a few large customers; during 2021, we lost two of such customers and any further loss would have a material adverse effect on us. We have 19.0 million in principal amount of secured debt outstanding under the Keep Well Agreement, and a default thereunder would have material adverse consequences to our financial condition, operating results, and business. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 The Keep Well Agreement contains significant restrictions on our business and operations and requires ongoing compliance with certain covenants, including financial covenants, and our common stock must be listed on Nasdaq for us to receive the remaining 6.0 million to be borrowed under the Keep Well Agreement. Any failure to comply with the terms of the Keep Well Agreement or failure to satisfy conditions precedent to funding thereunder would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow or raise adequate financing to grow or scale our business or to fund our operations. We depend upon our senior management and key consultants and their loss or unavailability could put us at a competitive disadvantage. We need to attract and retain highly skilled personnel; we may be unable to effectively manage growth with our limited resources. Customers may not achieve the savings we expect are created by our programs and solutions, which could adversely impact our business. Market acceptance of our programs and solutions depends in large part on the willingness of third party payors to cover them, which is beyond our control. We may fail to manage our growing business and may not be successful in identifying or completing any acquisitions necessary to continue such growth. Any such acquisition completed may not be successfully integrated with our operations or yield additional value for stockholders. We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights and we may be liable for infringing the intellectual property rights of others. Ongoing healthcare legislative and regulatory reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We must comply with significant government regulations, including with respect to licensure and privacy matters. Our Series A Preferred Stock has no fixed maturity date, ranks junior to our currently outstanding indebtedness, is entitled to the payment of dividends only to the extent we may do so under Delaware corporate law, is currently subject to restrictions on transfer contained in our charter and has limited voting rights. Our largest stockholder controls approximately 40.6 of our outstanding common stock and beneficially owns approximately 85.5 of our common stock, and may determine all matters presented for stockholder approval, including the election of directors, significant corporate transactions and our dissolution. We are subject to ongoing litigation and may be subject to future litigation, any of which could result in substantial liabilities. Our common stock may be delisted by Nasdaq. The price of our common stock and preferred stock may be volatile. The market prices for our common stock and preferred stock may be adversely impacted by future events. Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law have anti-takeover provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, which may cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 Risks related to our business 
 
 We expect to continue to incur substantial operating losses and may be unable to obtain additional financing. 
 
 We have been unprofitable since our inception in 2003. Historically, we have seen and continue to see net losses, net loss from operations and negative cash flow from operating activities as we experienced a period of rapid growth, and more recently our results have been negatively impacted by customer terminations. At December 31, 2022, our cash and restricted cash was 9.7 million and we had a working capital of approximately 4.8 million. We had an average monthly cash flow from operations burn rate of approximately 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and could continue to incur negative cash flows and operating losses for the next twelve months. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 We will continue to monitor liquidity, however, if we are unable to make sufficient new sales or expand existing customer contracts, we may not continue to have sufficient capital to continue to scale our operations, service our contracts and future enrollments or cover our operating expenses. Additionally, if we add more health plans than budgeted, increase the size of the outreach pool by more than we anticipate, decide to invest in new products or seek out additional growth opportunities, or in order to provide liquidity for an extended period of losses, we would consider financing these options with either a debt or equity financing for which there can be no assurance that any such financing will be available on acceptable terms or at all. 
 
 We will need additional funding, and we cannot guarantee that we will satisfy the conditions precedent for the 6.0 million that remains to be borrowed under the Keep Well Agreement or find adequate sources of capital in the future. 
 
 We have incurred negative cash flows from operations since inception and have expended, and expect to continue to expend, substantial funds to support and grow our business. We will require additional funds before we are able to generate enough cash flows to fund our operations and meet our obligations. 
 
 We entered into a Master Note Purchase Agreement with Acuitas Capital LLC Acuitas Capital and together with its affiliates, including Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC and Terren S. Peizer, Acuitas ), dated as of April 15, 2022, as amended on each of August 12, 2022, November 19, 2022, and December 30, 2022 (as amended, the Keep Well Agreement ). Acuitas Capital is our largest stockholder and an entity indirectly wholly owned and controlled by Mr. Peizer, our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. To date, we borrowed 19.0 million of the 25.0 million that we may borrow under the Keep Well Agreement. Of the remaining 6.0 million we may borrow, subject to the conditions in the Keep Well Agreement, 4.0 million is to be funded in June 2023 and 2.0 million in September 2023. One of the conditions precedent to funding is that our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ), and there are no assurances that we will satisfy that condition in the future. See Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC owns approximately 40.6 of our outstanding common stock and beneficially owns approximately 85.5 of our outstanding common stock, and as a result of such ownership has the ability to substantially influence the election of directors and other matters submitted to stockholders and There can be no assurance that our common stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq or, if listed, that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions , below. For additional information regarding the Keep Well Agreement, see the section titled, Keep Well Agreement in Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 
 In addition, even if we borrow the remaining 6.0 million available under the Keep Well Agreement, we may need to raise additional funding. We do not know whether additional funding will be available on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on commercially acceptable terms, we may need to downsize, curtail program development efforts or halt our operations altogether. 
 
 If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, such financing will result in further dilution to our stockholders. Any equity securities issued also may provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock, and the terms of the debt securities issued could impose significant restrictions on our operations. 
 
 We have 19.0 million in principal amount of secured debt outstanding under the Keep Well Agreement, and a default thereunder would have material adverse consequences to our financial condition, operating results, and business. 
 
 The Keep Well Agreement includes customary events of default for a first priority senior secured debt facility. In the event of default under the Keep Well Agreement, Acuitas and the collateral agent under the Keep Well Agreement would have the rights that a secured creditor with a first priority lien on a company s assets would have, including, the right to collect, enforce or satisfy any secured obligations then owing, including by foreclosing on the collateral securing our obligations under the Keep Well Agreement (which generally comprise all of our assets), restrictions on the operation of our business would spring into effect, and Acuitas would have no obligation to fund any future borrowings under the Keep Well Agreement. A default under the Keep Well Agreement would have material adverse consequences to our financial condition, operating results, and business, and could cause us to become insolvent or enter bankruptcy proceedings, and our stockholders may lose all or a portion of their investment because of the priority of the claims of Acuitas, in its capacity as a secured creditor, on our assets. See also Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC owns approximately 40.6 of our outstanding common stock and beneficially owns approximately 85.5 of our outstanding common stock, and as a result of such ownership has the ability to substantially influence the election of directors and other matters submitted to stockholders , below. 
 
 The amounts we borrow under the Keep Well Agreement bear interest at a variable rate which could cause our outstanding indebtedness to increase significantly. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

The amounts we borrow under the Keep Well Agreement bear interest based on the 30 day tenor Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Reference Rate, which is subject to a monthly adjustment, plus a margin specified in the Keep Well Agreement. As a result, in an increasing interest rate environment, the interest rate on the amounts we borrow under the Keep Well Agreement is subject to increase, thereby resulting in increased interest expense. The 30 day tenor Term SOFR Reference Rate has steadily increased in the past year. At December 31, 2022, we had a total of 0.6 million of accrued paid-in-kind interest related to the Keep Well Notes and the effective weighted average interest rate for the Keep Well Notes was 19.12 . Accrued interest on the principal amount of borrowings under the Keep Well Agreement is added to principal, which either we will be required to repay on the maturity date, June 30, 2024, or, if converted into shares of our common stock in accordance with the terms of the Keep Well Agreement, will result in additional dilution to our stockholders. See Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report for more information. 
 
 We may fail to successfully manage and grow our business, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and business. 
 
 Continued expansion could put significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources. The need to comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC will continue to place significant demands on our financial and accounting staff, financial, accounting and information systems, and our internal controls and procedures, any of which may not be adequate to support our anticipated growth. The need to comply with the state and federal healthcare, security and privacy regulation will continue to place significant demands on our staff and our policies and procedures, any of which may not be adequate to support our anticipated growth. We may not be able to effectively hire, train, retain, motivate and manage required personnel. Our failure to manage growth effectively could limit our ability to satisfy our reporting obligations, or achieve our marketing, commercialization and financial goals. 
 
 We may be unable to successfully execute on our growth initiatives, business strategies or operating plans. 
 
 We are continually executing a number of growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans designed to enhance our business. The anticipated benefits from these efforts are based on several assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Moreover, we may not be able to successfully complete these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans and realize all of the benefits, including growth targets and cost savings, that we expect to achieve or it may be more costly to do so than we anticipate. A variety of risks could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected benefits. These risks include, among others, delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans, increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts, including difficulties in complying with new regulatory requirements and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business, failure of our products to receive sufficient market acceptance and a highly competitive, rapidly evolving marketplace. Moreover, our continued implementation of our programs may disrupt our operations and performance. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will realize the intended benefits. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of our growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Failure to effectively develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to execute our business plan, increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our program. 
 
 Our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our Ontrak program will depend to a significant extent on our ability to deploy our sales and marketing resources efficiently and our ability to drive our current sales pipeline to secure new customers and to cultivate customer and partner relationships to drive revenue growth in the next twelve months. We are focused on identifying and developing new customer opportunities and these efforts require us to invest significant financial and other resources. Our business and operating results will be harmed if our sales and marketing efforts do not generate significant increases in revenue in the next twelve months. 
 
 Our programs may not be as effective as we believe them to be, which could limit our potential revenue growth. 
 
 Our belief in the efficacy of our Ontrak solution is based on a limited experience with a relatively small number of members in comparison to the total addressable members. Such results may not be indicative of the long-term future performance of treatment with our programs. If the initially indicated results cannot be successfully replicated or maintained over time, utilization of our programs could decline substantially. There are no standardized methods for measuring efficacy of programs such as ours. Even if we believe our solutions are effective, our customers could determine they are not effective by utilizing different outcome measures. In addition, even if our customers determine our solutions are effective, they may discontinue them because they 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 determine that the aggregate cost savings are not sufficient, our programs do not have a high enough return on investment, they prefer other competitive or strategic solutions or do not believe our programs deliver other desired benefits such as clinical outcomes. Our success is dependent on our ability to enroll third-party payor members in our Ontrak solutions. Large scale outreach and enrollment efforts have not been conducted and only for limited time periods and we may not be able to achieve the anticipated enrollment rates. 
 
 Our Ontrak solution may not become widely accepted, which could limit our growth. 
 
 Our ability to achieve further marketplace acceptance for our Ontrak solution is dependent on our ability to demonstrate financial and clinical outcomes from our agreements. If we are unable to secure sufficient contracts to achieve recognition or acceptance of our Ontrak solution or if our program does not demonstrate the expected level of clinical improvement and cost savings, it is unlikely that we will be able to achieve widespread market acceptance. 
 
 Disappointing results for our solutions or failure to attain our publicly disclosed milestones could adversely affect market acceptance and have a material adverse effect on our stock price. 
 
 Disappointing results, later-than-expected press release announcements or termination of evaluations, pilot programs or commercial Ontrak solutions could have a material adverse effect on the commercial acceptance of our solutions, our stock price and on our results of operations. In addition, announcements regarding results, or anticipation of results, may increase volatility in our stock price. In addition to numerous upcoming milestones, from time to time we provide financial guidance and other forecasts to the market. While we believe that the assumptions underlying projections and forecasts we make publicly available are reasonable, projections and forecasts are inherently subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. Any failure to achieve milestones, or to do so in a timely manner, or to achieve publicly announced guidance and forecasts, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the price of our common stock. 
 
 We face business disruption and related risks resulting from the novel coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our business could be disrupted and materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, including as a result of mutations of such virus and the global spread of viral variants that may be more contagious or resistant to currently known treatments. As a result of measures imposed by the governments in affected regions, businesses and schools have been from time to time suspended due to quarantines intended to contain this outbreak and many people have been forced to work from home in those areas. As a result of the global pandemic, trade and business activities around the world have been adversely affected, international stock and commodity markets have fluctuated widely and many regions are exhibiting signs of economic recession. Several programs were enacted in different countries in efforts to alleviate rising levels of unemployment and economic dislocation created by significantly reduced levels of social and business activity, although their longer term effectiveness is still uncertain particularly in view of the spread of the contagion and related variants. We are continuously assessing our business operations and system supports and the impact COVID-19 may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular, or its effects on our members or outreach pool. 
 
 Our industry is highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete successfully. 
 
 The healthcare business in general, and the behavioral health treatment business in particular, are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. While we believe our products and services are in many aspects unique, we operate in highly competitive markets. We compete with other healthcare management service organizations, care management and disease management companies, including Managed Behavioral Healthcare Organizations (MBHOs), other specialty healthcare and managed care companies, and healthcare technology companies that are offering treatment and support of behavioral health on-line and on mobile devices. Most of our competitors are significantly larger and have greater financial, marketing and other resources than us. We believe that our ability to offer customers a comprehensive and integrated behavioral health solution, including the utilization of our analytical models and innovative member engagement methodologies, will enable us to compete effectively. However, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter more effective or more strategically desirable competition in the future, that we will have financial resources to continue to improve our offerings or that we will be successful improving them, which would limit our ability to maintain or increase our business. 
 
 Our competitors may develop and introduce new processes and products that are equal or superior to our programs in treating behavioral health conditions. Accordingly, we may be adversely affected by any new processes and products developed by our competitors. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 A substantial percentage of our revenues are attributable to a few large customers, any or all of which may terminate our services at any time . 
 
 Three customers accounted for an aggregate of approximately 92 and four customers accounted for an aggregate of approximately 91 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Also, three customers represented an aggregate of approximately 95 and two customers represented an aggregate of 100 of our total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 On February 26, 2021, we received a termination notice from our then largest customer and working with this customer on a transition plan, we completed the participation of this customer's members in the program as of December 31, 2021. On August 18, 2021, we received a termination notice from another large customer of their intent not to continue the program past December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, members from these two customers have completed their participation in the program. 
 
 We expect that revenues from a limited number of customers will continue for the foreseeable future. Sales to these customers are made pursuant to agreements with flexible termination provisions, generally entitling the customer to terminate with or without cause on limited notice to us, as we have recently experienced during fiscal year 2021 as described above, and which have adversely affected our business and financial condition and results. We may not be able to keep our key customers, or these customers may decrease their enrollment levels. Any substantial decrease or delay in revenues relating to one or more of our key customers would harm our business and financial condition and results. If revenues relating to current key customers cease or are reduced, we may not obtain sufficient enrollments from other customers necessary to offset any such losses or reductions. 
 
 We depend on key personnel, the loss of which could impact the ability to manage our business. 
 
 We are highly dependent on our senior management and key operating and technical personnel. The loss of the services of any member of our senior management and key operating and technical personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. We also rely on consultants and advisors to assist us in formulating our strategy. 
 
 As our company grows, we will need to hire additional employees in order to achieve our objectives. There is currently intense competition for skilled executives and employees with relevant expertise, and this competition is likely to continue. The inability to attract and retain sufficient personnel could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our key executive officers. These executive officers are at-will employees and therefore they may terminate employment with us at any time with no advance notice. We also rely on our leadership team in the areas of research and development, marketing, services and general and administrative functions. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. The replacement of one or more of our executive officers or other key employees would likely involve significant time and costs and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. 
 
 To continue to execute our growth strategy, we also must attract and retain highly skilled personnel. Competition is intense for qualified professionals. We may not be successful in continuing to attract and retain qualified personnel. We have from time to time in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience in the future, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled personnel with appropriate qualifications. The pool of qualified personnel with experience working in the healthcare market is limited overall. In addition, many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. 
 
 In addition, in making employment decisions, particularly in high-technology industries, job candidates often consider the value of the stock options or other equity instruments they are to receive in connection with their employment. Volatility in the price of our stock may, therefore, adversely affect our ability to attract or retain highly skilled personnel. Further, the requirement to expense stock options and other equity instruments may discourage us from granting the size or type of stock option or equity awards that job candidates require to join our company. Failure to attract new personnel or failure to retain and motivate our current personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are dependent on our ability to recruit, retain and develop a very large and diverse workforce. We must transform our culture in order to successfully grow our business. 
 
 Our products and services and our operations require a large number of employees. A significant number of employees have joined us in recent years as we continue to grow and expand our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to transform our culture, align our talent with our business needs, engage our employees and inspire our employees to be open to change, to 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 innovate and to maintain member- and client-focus when delivering our services. Our business would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for succession of our executives and senior management; or if we fail to effectively recruit, integrate, retain and develop key talent and/or align our talent with our business needs, in light of the current rapidly changing environment. While we have succession plans in place and we have employment arrangements with a limited number of key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of these or suitable successor executives will continue to be available to us. 
 
 Our business and growth strategy depend on our ability to maintain and expand a network of qualified healthcare providers. If we are unable to do so, our future growth and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be negatively impacted. 
 
 The success of our business is dependent upon our continued ability to maintain a network of qualified healthcare providers. In any particular market that we operate in, providers could demand higher payments or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs, less attractive service for our members or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. The failure to maintain or to secure new cost-effective provider contracts may result in a loss of or inability to grow our member base, higher costs, healthcare provider network disruptions, and less attractive service for our members, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, growth strategy, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to ongoing litigation and may be subject to future litigation, any of which could result in substantial liabilities. 
 
 All significant medical treatments and procedures, including treatment utilizing our programs, involve the risk of serious injury or death. While we have not been the subject of any such claims, our business entails an inherent risk of claims for personal injuries and substantial damage awards. We cannot control whether individual physicians and therapists will apply the appropriate standard of care in determining how to treat their patients. While our agreements typically require physicians to indemnify us for their negligence, there can be no assurance they will be willing and financially able to do so if claims are made. In addition, our license agreements require us to indemnify physicians, hospitals or their affiliates for losses resulting from our negligence. 
 
 We are also subject to ongoing securities class action and stockholder derivative litigation. See Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, in Part II, Item 8, included in this report. In addition, on March 1, 2023, the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ announced charges and the SEC filed a civil complaint against Mr. Peizer, our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors, alleging unlawful insider trading in our stock. Mr. Peizer owns and controls Acuitas Capital, our largest stockholder. See Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC owns approximately 40.6 of our outstanding common stock and beneficially owns approximately 85.5 of our outstanding common stock, and as a result of such ownership has the ability to substantially influence the election of directors and other matters submitted to stockholders. Neither we nor any of our other current or former directors or employees were charged by the DOJ or sued by the SEC. On November 15, 2022, we received a notification from the SEC s Division of Enforcement that it is conducting an investigation captioned "In the Matter of Trading in the Securities of Ontrak, Inc. (HO-14340)" and issued a preservation letter as well as a subpoena for documents relating to the investigation. The notification indicates the investigation is a fact-finding inquiry for compliance with federal securities laws and should not be construed as an indication by the SEC that any violation of law has occurred, nor as a reflection upon any person, entity or security. We have been cooperating fully with the terms of the subpoena. We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the DOJ or SEC proceedings, nor can we predict whether the DOJ or SEC or any other governmental authorities will initiate separate investigations or litigation, including against us. Investigations and any related legal and administrative proceedings could include a wide variety of outcomes, including the institution of administrative, civil injunctive or criminal proceedings involving the Company and/or its current or former executives and/or directors, the imposition of fines and other penalties, remedies and/or sanctions. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, we may also be involved in legal proceedings and investigations arising in the ordinary course of business, including those relating to employment matters, relationships with partners, intellectual property disputes, and other business matters. 
 
 We currently have insurance coverage for personal injury claims, directors and officers liability insurance coverage, and errors and omissions insurance. We may not be able to maintain adequate liability insurance at acceptable costs or on favorable terms. We expect that liability insurance will be more difficult to obtain and that premiums will increase over time and as the volume of patients treated with our programs increases. 
 
 We have incurred and may continue to incur significant expenses as a result of litigation and other legal proceedings. In addition, the results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain and adverse judgments or settlements (regardless of a claim s merit) in any legal disputes may result in materially adverse monetary damages or injunctive relief against us. Any claims, investigations or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 difficult to compete effectively or obtain adequate insurance in the future. In addition, claims, investigations or litigation may be time-consuming, costly, divert management resources, and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business and result of operations. 
 
 If third-party payors fail to provide coverage and adequate payment rates for our solutions, our revenue and prospects for profitability will be harmed. 
 
 Our future revenue growth will depend in part upon our ability to contract with health plans and other insurance payors for our Ontrak solutions. In addition, insurance payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs, and may not cover or provide adequate payment for our programs. Adequate insurance reimbursement might not be available to enable us to realize an appropriate return on investment in research and product development, and the lack of such reimbursement could have a material adverse effect on our operations and could adversely affect our revenues and earnings. 
 
 We may not be able to achieve promised savings for our Ontrak contracts, which could result in pricing levels insufficient to cover our costs or ensure profitability. 
 
 Many of our Ontrak contracts are based upon anticipated or guaranteed levels of savings for our customers and achieving other operational metrics resulting in incentive fees based on savings. If we are unable to meet or exceed promised savings, achieve agreed upon operational metrics, or favorably resolve contract billing and interpretation issues with our customers, we may be required to refund from the amount of fees paid to us any difference between savings that were guaranteed and the savings, if any, which were actually achieved; or we may fail to earn incentive fees based on savings. Accordingly, during or at the end of the contract terms, we may be required to refund some or all of the fees paid for our services. This exposes us to significant risk that contracts negotiated and entered into may ultimately be unprofitable. In addition, managed care operations are at risk for costs incurred to provide agreed upon services under our solution. Therefore, failure to anticipate or control costs could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income has been limited in certain cases and may be subject to certain limitations in the future. 
 
 Our federal net operating loss carry forwards ("NOLs") have an indefinite life. These NOLs may be used to offset future taxable income, to the extent we generate any taxable income, and thereby reduce or eliminate our future federal income taxes otherwise payable. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code imposes limitations on a corporation's ability to utilize NOLs if it experiences an ownership change as defined in Section 382. In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders in the stock of a corporation by more than 50 over a three-year period. In the event that an ownership change has occurred, or were to occur, utilization of our NOLs would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 determined by multiplying the value of our stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over to later years. We have experienced ownership changes in the past and can continue to experience ownership changes under Section 382 as a result of events in the past or the issuance of shares of common or preferred stock, or a combination thereof. As a result of such ownership changes, the use of our NOLs, or a portion thereof, against our future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382, which may result in expiration of a portion of our NOLs before utilization. 
 
 We may periodically consummate opportunistic acquisitions of other companies, and we may not realize expected benefits or such acquisitions or we may have difficulties integrating acquired companies into our operations in a cost-effective manner, if at all . 
 
 We may periodically consummate opportunistic acquisitions of businesses, assets, personnel or technologies that allow us to complement our existing operations, expand our market coverage, enter new geographic markets, or add new business capabilities. We continually evaluate and explore strategic opportunities as they arise, including business combination transactions, strategic partnerships, and the purchase or sale of assets. No assurance can be given that the benefits or synergies we may expect from an acquisition will be realized to the extent or in the time frame we anticipate. We may lose key employees, customers, vendors and other business partners of a company we acquire after announcement of acquisition plans. In addition, an acquisition may involve a number of risks and difficulties, including expansion into new geographic markets and business areas in which our management has limited prior experience, the diversion of management s attention to the operations and personnel of the acquired company, the integration of the acquired company s personnel, operations and technology systems and applications, changing relationships with customers, vendors or strategic partners, differing regulatory requirements including in new geographic markets and new business areas, and potential short-term adverse effects on our operating results. These challenges can be magnified as the size of the acquisition increases. Any delays or unexpected costs incurred in connection with the integration of an acquired company or otherwise related to an acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

An acquisition may require significant expenses and can result in increased debt or other contingent liabilities, adverse tax consequences, deferred compensation charges, the recording and later amortization of amounts related to deferred compensation and certain purchased intangible assets, and the refinement or revision of fair value acquisition estimates following the completion of an acquisition, any of which items could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may record goodwill in connection with an acquisition and incur goodwill impairment charges in the future. Any of these charges could cause the price of our common stock to decline. An acquisition also could absorb substantial cash resources, require us to incur or assume debt obligations, or involve our issuance of additional equity securities. If we issue equity securities in connection with an acquisition, we may dilute our common stock with securities that have an equal or a senior interest in our company. An acquired entity also may be leveraged or dilutive to our earnings per share, or may have unknown liabilities. In addition, the combined entity may have lower than expected revenues or higher expenses and therefore may not achieve the anticipated results. Any of these factors relating to an acquisition could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks related to our intellectual property 
 
 Confidentiality agreements with employees, treating physicians and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 
 
 In order to protect our proprietary technology and processes, we rely in part on confidentiality provisions in our agreements with employees, treating physicians, and others. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. 
 
 We may be subject to claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and unfavorable outcomes could harm our business. 
 
 Our future operations may be subject to claims, and potential litigation, arising from our alleged infringement of patents, trade secrets, trademarks or copyrights owned by other third parties. Within the healthcare, drug and bio-technology industry, many companies actively pursue infringement claims and litigation, which makes the entry of competitive products more difficult. We may experience claims or litigation initiated by existing, better-funded competitors and by other third parties. Court-ordered injunctions may prevent us from continuing to market existing products or from bringing new products to market and the outcome of litigation and any resulting loss of revenues and expenses of litigation may substantially affect our ability to meet our expenses and continue operations. 
 
 Risks related to our healthcare industry 
 
 Recent changes in insurance and health care laws have created uncertainty in the health care industry. 
 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, each enacted in March 2010, generally known as the Health Care Reform Law, significantly expanded health insurance coverage to uninsured Americans and changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private payors. Following the 2016 federal elections, which resulted in the election of the Republican presidential nominee and Republican majorities in both houses of Congress, there were renewed legislative efforts to significantly modify or repeal the Health Care Reform Law and certain executive policy changes designed to modify its impact, including the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December 2017 which repealed the penalties under the Health Care Reform Law for uninsured persons. In light of the Supreme Court ruling in California et al. v. Texas et al. in June 2021 generally supporting the Health Care Reform Law, we cannot predict what further reform proposals, if any, will be adopted, when they may be adopted, or what impact they may have on our business. There may also be other risks and uncertainties associated with the Health Care Reform Law. If we fail to comply or are unable to effectively manage such risks and uncertainties, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures may be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare therapies, which could result in reduced demand for our services or additional pricing pressures. In August 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ), which, among other provisions, included several measures intended to lower the cost of prescription drugs and related healthcare reforms. The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services to implement many of these 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. We cannot be sure whether additional legislation or rulemaking related to the IRA will be issued or enacted, or what impact, if any, such changes will have on our business. 
 
 Our policies and procedures may not fully comply with complex and increasing regulation by state and federal authorities, which could negatively impact our business operations. 
 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated and continues to undergo significant changes as third-party payors, such as Medicare and Medicaid, traditional indemnity insurers, managed care organizations and other private payors, increase efforts to control cost, utilization and delivery of healthcare services. Healthcare companies are subject to extensive and complex federal, state and local laws, regulations and judicial decisions. Our failure or the failure of our treating physicians, to comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations may result in the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions that we cannot afford, or require redesign or withdrawal of our programs from the market. 
 
 We may become subject to medical liability claims, which could cause us to incur significant expenses and may require us to pay significant damages if not covered by insurance. 
 
 Our business entails the risk of medical liability claims against both our providers and us. Although we carry insurance covering medical malpractice claims in amounts that we believe are appropriate in light of the risks attendant to our business, successful medical liability claims could result in substantial damage awards that exceed the limits of our insurance coverage. We carry professional liability insurance for ourselves, and we separately carry a general insurance policy, which covers medical malpractice claims. In addition, professional liability insurance is expensive and insurance premiums may increase significantly in the future, particularly as we expand our services. As a result, adequate professional liability insurance may not be available to us in the future at acceptable costs or at all. 
 
 Any claims made against us that are not fully covered by insurance could be costly to defend against, result in substantial damage awards against us and divert the attention of our management and our providers from our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any claims may adversely affect our business or reputation. 
 
 Our business practices may be found to constitute illegal fee-splitting or corporate practice of medicine, which may lead to penalties and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Many states have laws that prohibit business corporations, such as us, from practicing medicine, exercising control over medical judgments or decisions of physicians or other health care professionals (such as nurses or nurse practitioners), or engaging in certain business arrangements with physicians or other health care professionals, such as employment of physicians and other health care professionals or fee-splitting. The state laws and regulations and administrative and judicial decisions that enumerate the specific corporate practice and fee-splitting rules vary considerably from state to state and are enforced by both the courts and government agencies, each with broad discretion. Courts, government agencies or other parties, including physicians, may assert that we are engaged in the unlawful corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting, or payment for referrals by providing administrative and other services in connection with our treatment programs. As a result of such allegations, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties, our contracts could be found invalid and unenforceable, in whole or in part, or we could be required to restructure our contractual arrangements. If so, we may be unable to restructure our contractual arrangements on favorable terms, which would adversely affect our business and operations. 
 
 Our business practices may be found to violate anti-kickback, physician self-referral or false claims laws, which may lead to penalties and adversely affect our business. 
 
 The healthcare industry is subject to extensive federal and state regulation with respect to kickbacks, physician self-referral arrangements, false claims and other fraud and abuse issues. 
 
 The federal anti-kickback law (the Anti-Kickback Law prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, receiving, or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, arranging for, or recommending of an item or service that is reimbursable, in whole or in part, by a federal health care program. Remuneration is broadly defined to include anything of value, such as, for example, cash payments, gifts or gift certificates, discounts, or the furnishing of services, supplies, or equipment. The Anti-Kickback Law is broad, and it prohibits many arrangements and practices that are lawful in businesses outside of the health care industry. 
 
 Recognizing the breadth of the Anti-Kickback Law and the fact that it may technically prohibit many innocuous or beneficial arrangements within the health care industry, the Office of Inspector General OIG has issued a series of regulations, known as 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 the safe harbors. Compliance with all requirements of a safe harbor immunizes the parties to the business arrangement from prosecution under the Anti-Kickback Law. The failure of a business arrangement to fit within a safe harbor does not necessarily mean that the arrangement is illegal or that the OIG will pursue prosecution. Still, in the absence of an applicable safe harbor, a violation of the Anti-Kickback Law may occur even if only one purpose of an arrangement is to induce referrals. The penalties for violating the Anti-Kickback Law can be severe. These sanctions include criminal and civil penalties, imprisonment, and possible exclusion from the federal health care programs. Many states have adopted laws similar to the Anti-Kickback Law, and some apply to items and services reimbursable by any payor, including private insurers. 
 
 In addition, the federal ban on physician self-referrals, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits, subject to certain exceptions, physician referrals of Medicare patients to an entity providing certain designated health services if the physician or an immediate family member of the physician has any financial relationship with the entity. A financial relationship is created by an investment interest or a compensation arrangement. Penalties for violating the Stark Law include the return of funds received for all prohibited referrals, fines, civil monetary penalties, and possible exclusion from the federal health care programs. In addition to the Stark Law, many states have their own self-referral bans, which may extend to all self-referrals, regardless of the payor. 
 
 The federal False Claims Act imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment to the federal government. Under the False Claims Act, a person acts knowingly if he has actual knowledge of the information or acts in deliberate ignorance or in reckless disregard of the truth or falsity of the information. Specific intent to defraud is not required. Violations of other laws, such as the Anti-Kickback Law or the FDA prohibitions against promotion of off-label uses of drugs, can lead to liability under the federal False Claims Act. The qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act allow a private individual to bring an action on behalf of the federal government and to share in any amounts paid by the defendant to the government in connection with the action. The number of filings of qui tam actions has increased significantly in recent years. When an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act, it may be required to pay up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus civil penalties of between 5,500 and 11,000 for each false claim. Conduct that violates the False Claims Act may also lead to exclusion from the federal health care programs. Given the number of claims likely to be at issue, potential damages under the False Claims Act for even a single inappropriate billing arrangement could be significant. In addition, various states have enacted similar laws modeled after the False Claims Act that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state health care programs, and, in several states, such laws apply to claims submitted to all payors. 
 
 On May 20, 2009, the Federal Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, or FERA, became law, and it significantly amended the federal False Claims Act. Among other things, FERA eliminated the requirement that a claim must be presented to the federal government. As a result, False Claims Act liability extends to any false or fraudulent claim for government money, regardless of whether the claim is submitted to the government directly, or whether the government has physical custody of the money. FERA also specifically imposed False Claims Act liability if an entity knowingly and improperly avoids or decreases an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the Government. As a result, the knowing and improper failure to return an overpayment can serve as the basis for a False Claims Act action. In March 2010, Congress passed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, collectively the ACA, which also made sweeping changes to the federal False Claims Act. The ACA also established that Medicare and Medicaid overpayments must be reported and returned within 60 days of identification or when any corresponding cost report is due. 
 
 Finally, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations created the crimes of health care fraud and false statements relating to health care matters. The health care fraud statute prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program, including a private insurer. The false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items, or services. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment, or exclusion from the federal health care programs. 
 
 Federal or state authorities may claim that our fee arrangements, our agreements and relationships with contractors, hospitals and physicians, or other activities violate fraud and abuse laws and regulations. If our business practices are found to violate any of these laws or regulations, we may be unable to continue with our relationships or implement our business plans, which would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Further, defending our business practices could be time consuming and expensive, and an adverse finding could result in substantial penalties or require us to restructure our operations, which we may not be able to do successfully. 
 
 Our business practices may be subject to state regulatory and licensure requirements. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Our business practices may be regulated by state regulatory agencies that generally have discretion to issue regulations and interpret and enforce laws and rules. These regulations can vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and the interpretation of existing laws and rules also may change periodically. Some of our business and related activities may be subject to state health care-related regulations and requirements, including managed health care, utilization review (UR) or third-party administrator-related regulations and licensure requirements. These regulations differ from state to state, and may contain network, contracting, and financial and reporting requirements, as well as specific standards for delivery of services, payment of claims, and adequacy of health care professional networks. If a determination is made that we have failed to comply with any applicable state laws or regulations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 If our providers or experts are characterized as employees, we would be subject to employment and withholding liabilities. 
 
 We structure our relationships with our providers and experts in a manner that we believe results in an independent contractor relationship, not an employee relationship. An independent contractor is generally distinguished from an employee by his or her degree of autonomy and independence in providing services. A high degree of autonomy and independence is generally indicative of a contractor relationship, while a high degree of control is generally indicative of an employment relationship. On October 13, 2022, the Department of Labor published its Employee or Independent Contractor Classification under the Fair Labor Standards Act (the FLSA Standards that would rescind existing guidance adopted under the Trump Administration and broaden the scope of the so-called economic realities test used to classify workers, likely making it more difficult for workers to be classified as independent contractors. Although we believe that our providers and experts are properly characterized as independent contractors, tax or other regulatory authorities may in the future challenge our characterization of these relationships particularly if the new FLSA Standards are adopted. If such regulatory authorities or state, federal or foreign courts were to determine that our providers or experts are employees, and not independent contractors, we would be required to withhold income taxes, to withhold and pay social security, Medicare and similar taxes and to pay unemployment and other related payroll taxes. We would also be liable for unpaid past taxes and subject to penalties. As a result, any determination that our providers or experts are our employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to healthcare anti-fraud initiatives, which may lead to penalties and adversely affect our business. 
 
 State and federal government agencies are devoting increased attention and resources to anti-fraud initiatives against healthcare providers and the entities and individuals with whom they do business, and such agencies may define fraud expansively to include our business practices, including the receipt of fees in connection with a healthcare business that is found to violate any of the complex regulations described above. While to our knowledge we have not been the subject of any anti-fraud investigations, if such a claim were made, defending our business practices could be time consuming and expensive and an adverse finding could result in substantial penalties or require us to restructure our operations, which we may not be able to do successfully. 
 
 Our use and disclosure of patient information is subject to privacy and security regulations, which may result in increased costs. 
 
 In providing administrative services to healthcare providers and operating our treatment programs, we may collect, use, disclose, maintain and transmit patient information in ways that will be subject to many of the numerous state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the collection, use, disclosure, storage, privacy and security of patient-identifiable health information, including the administrative simplification requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations (HIPAA) and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (HITECH). The HIPAA Privacy Rule restricts the use and disclosure of certain patient information Protected Health Information or PHI ), and requires safeguarding that information. The HIPAA Security Rule and HITECH establish elaborate requirements for safeguarding PHI transmitted or stored electronically. HIPAA applies to covered entities, which may include healthcare facilities and also includes health plans that will contract for the use of our programs and our services. HIPAA and HITECH require covered entities to bind contractors that use or disclose protected health information (or Business Associates to compliance with certain aspects of the HIPAA Privacy Rule and all of the HIPAA Security Rule. In addition to contractual liability, Business Associates are also directly subject to regulation by the federal government. Direct liability means that we are subject to audit, investigation and enforcement by federal authorities. HITECH imposes breach notification obligations requiring us to report breaches of Unsecured Protected Health Information or PHI that has not been encrypted or destroyed in accordance with federal standards. Business Associates must report such breaches so that their covered entity customers may in turn notify all affected patients, the federal government, and in some cases, local or national media outlets. We may be required to indemnify our covered entity customers for costs associated with breach notification and the mitigation of harm resulting from breaches that we cause. If we are providing management services that include electronic billing on behalf of a physician practice or facility that is a covered entity, we may be required to conduct those electronic transactions in accordance with the HIPAA regulations governing the form and format of those transactions. Services provided under our Ontrak 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 solution not only require us to comply with HIPAA and HITECH but also Title 42 Part 2 of the Code of Federal Regulations Part 2 ). Part 2 is a federal, criminal law that severely restricts our ability to use and disclose drug and alcohol treatment information obtained from federally-supported treatment facilities. Our operations must be carefully structured to avoid liability under this law. Our Ontrak solution qualifies as a federally funded treatment facility which requires us to disclose information on members only in compliance with Title 42. 
 
 In addition to the federal privacy regulations, there are a number of state laws governing the privacy and security of health and personal information. The penalties for violation of these laws vary widely and the area is rapidly evolving. 
 
 In 2018, California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), which gives consumers significant rights over the use of their personal information, including the right to object to the sale of their personal information. In 2020, Californians voted to enact the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), which amends the CCPA by expanding consumers' rights in their personal information and creating a new governmental agency to interpret and enforce the statute. Most provisions of the CPRA will become effective on January 1, 2023. While information covered by HIPAA is generally exempt from the applicability of the CCPA as amended by the CPRA, the rights of consumers under the CCPA may restrict our ability to use personal information in connection with our business operations. The CCPA also provides a private right of action for certain security breaches. 
 
 In 2019, New York passed a law known as the SHIELD Act, which expands data breach reporting obligations and requires companies to have robust data security programs in place. More recently, New York and other states, including Washington, have introduced significant privacy bills, and Congress is debating federal privacy legislation, which if passed, may restrict our business operations and require us to incur additional costs for compliance. 
 
 In addition, several foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the E.U., Brazil and Canada, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personally identifiable information obtained from their residents, including identifiable health information, which are often more restrictive than those in the U.S. laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of personally identifiable information, including health information, identifying, or which may be used to identify, an individual, such as names, email addresses and, in some jurisdictions, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, device identifiers and other data. Although we currently conduct business only in the United States of America, these laws and regulations could become applicable to us in the event we expand our operations into other countries. These and other obligations may be modified and interpreted in different ways by courts, and new laws and regulations may be enacted in the future. 
 
 Within the EEA, the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") took full effect on May 25, 2018, superseding the 1995 European Union Data Protection Directive and becoming directly applicable across E.U. member states. The GDPR includes more stringent operational requirements for processors and controllers of personal data (including health information) established in and outside of the EEA, imposes significant penalties for non-compliance and has broader extra-territorial effect. As the GDPR is a regulation rather than a directive, it applies throughout the EEA, but permits member states to enact supplemental requirements if they so choose. Noncompliance with the GDPR can trigger fines of up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of global annual revenues. Further, a Data Protection Act substantially implementing the GDPR was enacted in the U.K., effective in May 2018. It remains unclear, however, how U.K. data protection laws or regulations will develop in the medium to longer term and how data transfers to and from the U.K. will be regulated in light of the U.K.'s withdrawal from the E.U. In addition, some countries are considering or have enacted legislation requiring local storage and processing of data that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. 
 
 We believe that we have taken the steps required of us to comply with laws governing the privacy and security of personal information, including health information privacy and security laws and regulations, in all applicable jurisdictions, both state and federal. However, we may not be able to maintain compliance in all jurisdictions where we do business. In addition, to the extent we disclose such information to our third-party service providers in the course of our business, we may be indirectly liable for their misuse or other unauthorized disclosure of such personal information (including health information). Failure to maintain compliance, or changes in state or federal privacy and security laws could result in civil and/or criminal penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, including significant reputational damage associated with a breach. Under HITECH, we are subject to prosecution or administrative enforcement and increased civil and criminal penalties for non-compliance, including a four-tiered system of monetary penalties. We are also subject to enforcement by state attorneys general who were given authority to enforce HIPAA under HITECH, and who have authority to enforce state-specific data privacy and security laws. If regulations change, if we expand the territorial scope of our operations, or if it is determined that we are not in compliance with privacy regulations, we may be required to modify aspects of our program, which may adversely affect program results and our business or profitability. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business, prevent us from accessing critical information or expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including legally protected patient health information, personally identifiable information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary business information. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing an off-site co-location facility. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business critical information including research and development information, commercial information and business and financial information. 
 
 The secure processing, storage, maintenance and transmission of this critical information is vital to our operations and business strategy, and we devote significant resources to protecting such information. Although we take measures to protect sensitive information from unauthorized access or disclosure, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers, viruses, breaches or interruptions due to employee error or malfeasance, breaches or interruptions due to the malfeasance or negligence of any of our third-party service providers, terrorist attacks, earthquakes, fire, flood, other natural disasters, power loss, computer systems failure, data network failure, Internet failure or lapses in compliance with privacy and security mandates. We may be subject to distributed denial of service (DDOS) attacks by hackers aimed at disrupting service to patients and customers. Our response to such DDOS attacks may be insufficient to protect our network and systems. In addition, there has been a continuing increase in the number of malicious software attacks in a wide variety of different industries, including malware, ransomware, and email phishing scams, particularly since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any such virus, breach or interruption could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed by unauthorized parties, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. We have measures in place that are designed to detect and respond to such security incidents and breaches of privacy and security mandates. Nonetheless, we cannot guarantee our backup systems, regular data backups, security protocols, network protection mechanisms and other procedures currently in place, or that may be in place in the future, will be adequate to prevent or remedy network and service interruption, system failure, damage to one or more of our systems, data loss, security breaches or other data security incidents. We might be required to expend significant capital and resources to protect against or address such incidents. Any access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information (such as HIPAA and state data security laws), government enforcement actions and regulatory penalties. We may also be required to indemnify our customers for costs associated with having their data on our system breached. Unauthorized access, loss or dissemination could also interrupt our operations, including our ability to provide treatment, bill our customers, provide customer support services, conduct research and development activities, process and prepare company financial information, manage various general and administrative aspects of our business and damage our reputation, or we may lose one or more of our customers, especially if they felt their data may be breached, any of which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Certain of our professional healthcare employees, such as nurses, must comply with individual licensing requirements. 
 
 All of our healthcare professionals who are subject to licensing requirements, such as our care coaches, are licensed in the state in which they provide professional services in person. While we believe our nurses provide coaching and not professional services, one or more states may require our healthcare professionals to obtain licensure if providing services telephonically across state lines to the state s residents. Healthcare professionals who fail to comply with these licensure requirements could face fines or other penalties for practicing without a license, and we could be required to pay those fines on behalf of our healthcare professionals. If we are required to obtain licenses for our nurses in states where they provide telephonic coaching, it would significantly increase the cost of providing our product. In addition, new and evolving agency interpretations, federal or state legislation or regulations, or judicial decisions could lead to the implementation of out-of-state licensure requirements in additional states, and such changes would increase the cost of services and could have a material effect on our business. 
 
 Risks related to our preferred stock 
 
 Our Series A Preferred Stock ranks junior to all of our indebtedness and other liabilities. 
 
 In the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our affairs, our assets will be available to pay obligations on the Series A Preferred Stock only after all of our indebtedness and other liabilities have been paid. The rights of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to participate in the distribution of our assets will rank junior to the prior claims of our current and future creditors and any future series or class of preferred stock we may issue that ranks senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. Also, the Series A Preferred Stock effectively ranks junior to all existing and future indebtedness and to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. Our existing subsidiaries are, and future subsidiaries would be, separate legal entities and have no legal obligation to pay any amounts to us in respect of dividends due on the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

At December 31 , 2022, our total liabilities equaled 20.1million. If we are forced to liquidate our assets to pay our creditors, we may not have sufficient assets to pay amounts due on any or all of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding. 
 Our future debt instruments may restrict the authorization, payment or setting apart of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. Also, future offerings of debt or senior equity securities may adversely affect the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock. If we decide to issue debt or senior equity securities in the future, it is possible that these securities will be governed by an indenture or other instruments containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of the Series A Preferred Stock and may result in dilution to owners of the Series A Preferred Stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will bear the risk of our future offerings, which may reduce the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock and will dilute the value of their holdings in us. 
 
 There can be no assurance that our Series A Preferred Stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Our Series A Preferred Stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol OTRKP. To maintain our listing we are required to satisfy continued listing requirements, including the requirement commonly referred to as the minimum bid price rule. The minimum bid price rule requires that the closing bid price of our Series A Preferred Stock be at least 1.00 per share. At the end of 2022 and the beginning of 2023, we were not in compliance with the minimum bid price rule with respect to our Series A Preferred Stock. We regained compliance with the rule in February 2023, but subsequently on April 13, 2023, we received a notice from the Staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC indicating that we no longer met the minimum bid price rule with respect to our Series A Preferred Stock because the closing bid price of our Series A Preferred Stock was less than 1.00 for the previous 30 consecutive business days. The notice had no immediate effect on the listing of our Series A Preferred Stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market. We have 180-calendar days (or until October 10, 2023) to regain compliance. If at any time during such 180-calendar day period the closing bid price of our Series A Preferred Stock is at least 1.00 for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide us written confirmation of compliance and the matter will be closed. There can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the minimum bid price rule or continue to satisfy other continued listing standards and maintain the listing of our Series A Preferred Stock on Nasdaq. The suspension or delisting of our Series A Preferred Stock, or the commencement of delisting proceedings, for whatever reason could, among other things, materially impair our stockholders ability to buy and sell shares of our Series A Preferred Stock and could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading market for, our Series A Preferred Stock. See also There can be no assurance that our common stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq or, if listed, that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions , below. 
 
 The liquidity of the market for our Series A Preferred Stock also depends on a number of other factors, including prevailing interest rates, our financial condition and operating results, the number of holders of our Series A Preferred Stock, the market for similar securities and the interest of securities dealers in making a market in our Series A Preferred Stock. We cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in our Company will maintain the trading market in our Series A Preferred Stock, or how liquid that market will be. If an active market is not maintained, investors may have difficulty selling shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 We may not be able to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock if we have insufficient cash or available surplus as defined under Delaware law to make such dividend payments. 
 
 Our ability to pay cash dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock requires us to have either net profits or positive net assets (total assets less total liabilities) over our capital, and that we have sufficient working capital in order to be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business. Our ability to pay dividends may also be impaired if any of the risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were to occur. Also, payment of our dividends depends upon our financial condition and other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. We cannot assure you that our businesses will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions on our common stock, if any, and preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We have established a segregated account that was funded with a portion of the proceeds from sales of Series A Preferred Stock to pre-fund quarterly dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock until August 2022, although the payment of such amounts on deposit to holders of the Series A Preferred Stock is subject to compliance with applicable laws and with the foregoing limitations. Additionally, once the funds in the segregated account are exhausted, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient cash flow from operations to continue such dividend payments. The amounts on deposit are also assets of our consolidated entity and while we have agreed not to use such amount for any corporate purposes other than payments of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock, such account will be available to our creditors generally in the event holders of our indebtedness or other obligations arising in the ordinary course of business seek to pursue remedies under bankruptcy or insolvency laws or otherwise. In addition, our Board of Directors is not required to declare a dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock and did not declare a dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock for the quarters ended May 30, 2022, August 31, 2022, November 30, 2022 and February 28, 2023. In addition, our Board of Directors may determine that the use of such amount on deposit for other corporate purposes is required pursuant to the exercise of their fiduciary duties to our common stockholders. You should be aware that the pre-funded dividends may not be available to make such payments in the amounts and at the times required under the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock or at all. Our ability to finance our operations for at least the next 12 months from the date the financial statements included in this report are released assumes the availability of such amounts for general corporate purposes as discussed in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Future issuances of preferred stock may reduce the value of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 We may sell additional shares of preferred stock on terms that may differ from the Series A Preferred Stock. Such shares could rank on parity with or, subject to the voting rights referred to above (with respect to issuances of new series of preferred stock), senior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to distribution rights or rights upon liquidation, winding up or dissolution. The subsequent issuance of additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock, or the creation and subsequent issuance of additional classes of preferred stock on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock, could dilute the interests of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby. Any issuance of preferred stock that is senior to the Series A Preferred Stock would not only dilute the interests of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, but also could affect our ability to pay distributions on, redeem or pay the liquidation preference on the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Market interest rates may materially and adversely affect the value of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 One of the factors that influences the price of the Series A Preferred Stock is the dividend yield on the Series A Preferred Stock (as a percentage of the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock) relative to market interest rates. Continued increase in market interest rates may lead prospective purchasers of the Series A Preferred Stock to expect a higher dividend yield (and higher interest rates would likely increase our borrowing costs and potentially decrease funds available for dividend payments). Thus, higher market interest rates could cause the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock to materially decrease. 
 
 The special exchange right that the Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to may make it more difficult for a party to acquire us or discourage a party from acquiring us. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock special exchange right may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring or preventing certain of our change of control transactions under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price of such equity securities or that stockholders may otherwise believe is in their best interests. 
 
 Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be unable to use the dividends-received deduction and may not be eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. 
 
 Distributions paid to corporate U.S. holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction, and distributions paid to non-corporate U.S. holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be subject to tax at the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income, if we have current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We do not currently have any accumulated earnings and profits. Additionally, we may not have sufficient current earnings and profits during future fiscal years for the distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock to qualify as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the distributions fail to qualify as dividends, U.S. holders would be unable to use the dividends-received deduction and may not be eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be subject to tax if we make or fail to make certain adjustments to the Exchange Rate of the Series A Preferred Stock even though you do not receive a corresponding cash dividend. 
 
 The exchange rate for the Series A Preferred Stock special exchange right is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. A failure to adjust (or to adjust adequately) such exchange rate after an event that increases your proportionate interest in us could be treated as a deemed taxable dividend to you. If you are a non-U.S. holder, any deemed dividend may be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a 30 rate, or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable treaty, which may be set off against subsequent payments on the Series A Preferred Stock. In April 2016, the Internal Revenue Service issued new proposed income tax regulations in regard to the taxability of changes in exchange rights that will apply to the Series A Preferred Stock when published in final form and may be applied to us before final publication in certain instances. 
 
 Our revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate in future periods, and we may fail to meet investor expectations, which may cause the price of our Series A Preferred Stock to decline. 
 
 Variations in our quarterly and year-end operating results are difficult to predict, and our income and cash flows may fluctuate significantly from period to period. If our operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our Series A Preferred Stock could decline substantially. Specific factors that may cause fluctuations in our operating results include: 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock represents perpetual equity interests in us, and it has no maturity or mandatory redemption date and are not redeemable at the option of investors under any circumstances. As a result, the Series A Preferred Stock will not give rise to a claim for payment of a principal amount at a particular date. As a result, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Series A Preferred Stock for an indefinite period of time. In addition, the Series A Preferred Stock will rank junior to all our current and future indebtedness and other liabilities. The Series A Preferred Stock will also rank junior to any other senior securities we may issue in the future with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against us. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock has not been rated. 
 
 We have not sought to obtain a rating for the Series A Preferred Stock. No assurance can be given, however, that one or more rating agencies might not independently determine to issue such a rating or that such a rating, if issued, would not adversely affect the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock. Also, we may elect in the future to obtain a rating for the Series A Preferred Stock, which could adversely affect the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock. Ratings only reflect the views of the rating agency or agencies issuing the ratings and such ratings could be revised downward, placed on a watch list or withdrawn entirely at the discretion of the issuing rating agency if in its judgment circumstances so warrant. Any such downward revision, placing on a watch list or withdrawal of a rating could have an adverse effect on the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 The market price of the Series A Preferred Stock could be substantially affected by various factors. 
 
 The market price of the Series A Preferred Stock depends on many factors, which may change from time to time, including: 
 
 prevailing interest rates, increases in which may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock; 
 trading prices of similar securities; 
 our history of timely dividend payments; 
 the annual yield from dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock as compared to yields on other financial instruments; 
 general economic and financial market conditions; 
 government action or regulation; 
 the financial condition, performance and prospects of us and our competitors; 
 changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts with respect to us or our competitors in our industry; 
 our issuance of additional preferred equity or debt securities; 
 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results of us and our competitors; and 
 the ongoing impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 As a result of these and other factors, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may experience a decrease, which could be substantial and rapid, in the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. 
 
 A holder of Series A Preferred Stock has extremely limited voting rights. 
 
 The voting rights for a holder of Series A Preferred Stock are limited. Our shares of common stock are the only class of our securities that carry full voting rights. Voting rights for holders of the Series A Preferred Stock exist primarily with respect to voting on amendments to our certificate of incorporation, including the certificate of designations relating to the Series A Preferred Stock, that materially and adversely affect the rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock or authorize, increase or create additional classes or series of our capital stock that are senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. Other than the limited circumstances described in the Certificate of Designations establishing the Series A Preferred Stock and except to the extent required by law, holders of Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights. 
 
 Risks related to our common stock 
 
 Failure to maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect our operating results and the market for our common stock. 
 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we maintain internal control over financial reporting that meets applicable standards. As with many smaller companies with small staff, material weaknesses in our financial controls and procedures may be discovered. If we are unable, or are perceived as unable, to produce reliable financial reports due to internal control deficiencies, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information and operating results, which could result in a negative market reaction and adversely affect our ability to raise capital. 
 
 Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC owns approximately 40.6 of our outstanding common stock and beneficially owns approximately 85.5 of our outstanding common stock, and as a result of such ownership has the ability to substantially influence the election of directors and other matters submitted to stockholders. 

As of the date of this report, 11,891,933 shares of our outstanding stock were owned by, and 102,654,155 shares of our common stock were beneficially owned by, Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC, an entity indirectly wholly owned and controlled by Mr. Peizer, which represents the ownership of approximately 40.6 of our outstanding common stock and the beneficial ownership of approximately 85.5 of our common stock. In addition, under the Keep Well Agreement, the beneficial ownership of Acuitas Group Holdings and its affiliates may increase to 90 of our future outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, Acuitas has and is expected to continue to have the ability to significantly influence the election of our Board of Directors and the outcome of all other matters submitted to our stockholders. Acuitas interest may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders, and Acuitas may act in a manner that advances its best interests and not necessarily those of other stockholders. One consequence to this substantial influence or control is that it may be difficult for investors to remove our management. It could also deter unsolicited takeovers, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. 
 
 There can be no assurance that our common stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq or, if listed, that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 
 Our common stock is traded on NASDAQ under the symbol OTRK. On September 14, 2022, we received a notice from the Staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC indicating that we no longer met the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement because the closing bid price for our common stock was less than 1.00 for the previous 30 consecutive business days. The notice had no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock on The Nasdaq Global Market. 
 
 Under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we had a 180-calendar day grace period, or until March 13, 2023, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. Because we did not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by March 13, 2023, in order to receive a second 180-calendar day grace period within which to regain compliance, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rules, we applied to the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq to transfer the listing of our common stock from The Nasdaq Global Market to The Nasdaq Capital Market and notified Nasdaq of our intention to cure the deficiency during the additional 180-calendar day grace period, such as by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

On March 14, 2023, we received approval to transfer the listing of our common stock from The Nasdaq Global Market to The Nasdaq Capital Market, and as a result, we were granted a second 180-day grace period, or until September 11, 2023, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. The Minimum Bid Price Requirement will be met if our common stock has a minimum closing bid price of at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days during the 180-calendar day grace period, unless Nasdaq exercises its discretion to extend such 10-day period. We will be monitoring the closing bid price of our common stock and will effect a reverse stock split, if necessary, in an attempt to regain compliance. There can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. If we do not regain compliance by September 11, 2023, we will receive a notification from Nasdaq that our common stock is subject to delisting. At that time, we may appeal the delisting determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel. Such notification will have no immediate effect on our listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, nor will it have an immediate effect on the trading of our common stock pending such hearing, if we were to seek an appeal. In addition, even if we were to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain compliance with other continued listing requirements for The Nasdaq Capital Market or that our common stock will not be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market in the future. For example, The Nasdaq Capital Market requires that companies have: (x) stockholders' equity of at least 2.5 million; (y) a market value of listed securities of at least 35 million; or (z) net income from continuing operations of 500,000 in the company s most recently completed fiscal year or in two of the three most recently completed fiscal years. Our stockholders equity may become less than 2.5 million later in 2023 and we do not currently meet either of the two alternative compliance standards described in clause (y) and (z). 
 
 In addition, even if we were to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain compliance with other continued listing requirements for The Nasdaq Capital Market or that our common stock will not be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market in the future. For example, The Nasdaq Capital Market requires that companies have: (x) stockholders' equity of at least 2.5 million; (y) a market value of listed securities of at least 35 million; or (z) net income from continuing operations of 500,000 in the company s most recently completed fiscal year or in two of the three most recently completed fiscal years. Our stockholders equity may become less than 2.5 million later in 2023 and we do not currently meet either of the two alternative compliance standards described in clause (y) and (z). 
 
 In addition to the specified criteria for continued listing, Nasdaq also has broad discretionary public interest authority that it can exercise to apply additional or more stringent criteria for continued listing on the Nasdaq. Nasdaq has exercised this discretionary authority in the past. As reported above, as of the date of this report, Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC owns approximately 40.6 of our outstanding common stock, beneficially owns approximately 85.5 of our common stock, and we have borrowed 19.0 million in principal amount of secured debt from Acuitas under the Keep Well Agreement. Mr. Peizer owns and controls Acuitas and, as reported above, on March 1, 2023, the DOJ announced charges and the SEC filed a civil complaint against Mr. Peizer alleging unlawful insider trading in our stock. On March 1, 2023, Nasdaq requested certain information from us related to the charges against Mr. Peizer. We responded to those requests. No assurances can be given that Nasdaq will not exercise its discretionary public interest authority to delist our common stock or Series A preferred stock due to public interest concerns related to Acuitas ownership of our common stock or its relationship to us under the Keep Well Agreement. 
 
 Maintaining the listing of our common stock on Nasdaq is a condition precedent to receiving the remaining 6.0 million that we will borrow under the Keep Well Agreement. See We will need additional funding, and we cannot guarantee that we will satisfy the conditions precedent for the 6.0 million that remains to be borrowed under the Keep Well Agreement or find adequate sources of capital in the future , above. 
 
 If our common stock is ultimately delisted by Nasdaq, and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, then we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 
 
 less liquid trading market for our securities; 
 more limited market quotations for our securities; 
 determination that our common stock is a penny stock that requires brokers to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 more limited research coverage by stock analysts; 
 loss of reputation; and 
 more difficult and more expensive equity financings in the future. 
 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. If our common stock remains listed on 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Nasdaq, our common stock will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. If our securities were no longer listed on Nasdaq and therefore not covered securities, we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 
 We incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management devotes substantial time to compliance initiatives. 
 
 We incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses as a public company, including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and regulations regarding corporate governance practices. Nasdaq's listing requirements and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, require that we satisfy certain corporate governance requirements relating to director independence, filing annual and interim reports, stockholder meetings, approvals and voting, soliciting proxies, conflicts of interest and a code of conduct. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements. Moreover, the reporting requirements, rules and regulations associated with being a public company result in significant legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. These reporting requirements, rules and regulations, coupled with the increase in potential litigation exposure associated with being a public company, could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or board committees or to serve as executive officers, or to obtain certain types of insurance, including directors and officers insurance, on acceptable terms and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. 
 
 Our stock price may be subject to substantial volatility, and the value of our stockholders' investment may decline. 
 
 The price at which our common stock trades fluctuates as a result of a number of factors, including the number of shares available for sale in the market, quarterly variations in our operating results and actual or anticipated announcements of our Ontrak solution, announcements regarding new or discontinued Ontrak solution contracts, new products or services by us or competitors, regulatory investigations or determinations, acquisitions or strategic alliances by us or our competitors, recruitment or departures of key personnel, the gain or loss of significant customers, changes in the estimates of our operating performance, actual or threatened litigation, market conditions in our industry and the economy as a whole. 
 
 Numerous factors, including many over which we have no control, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock, including: 
 
 announcements of new products or services by us or our competitors; 
 current events affecting the political, economic and social situation in the United States; 
 trends in our industry and the markets in which we operate; 
 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; 
 acquisitions and financings by us or our competitors; 
 the gain or loss of a significant customer; 
 quarterly variations in operating results; 
 the operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors may consider to be comparable; 
 purchases or sales of blocks of our securities; and 
 issuances of stock. 
 
 We have used the market price of our common stock to establish future payment obligations to stockholders of acquisition targets in the past and may continue to do so in the future; any decline in the market price regardless of whether due to our performance or external market dynamics would give rise to a payment obligation to such holders. Furthermore, stockholders may initiate additional securities class action lawsuits if the market price of our stock drops significantly, which may cause us to incur further substantial costs and continue to divert the time and attention of our management. 
 
 Future sales of common stock by existing stockholders, or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress our stock price. 
 
 The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales by, or the perceived possibility of sales by, our existing stockholders. Most of our outstanding shares are eligible for public resale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 10 million shares of our common stock were held by our affiliates and may be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or in accorda nce with the volume and other limitations of Rule 144 or pursuant to other exempt transactions. Future sales of common stock by significant stockholders, including those who acquired 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 their shares in private placements or who are affiliates, or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress the price of our common stock. 
 
 Future issuances of common stock and hedging activities may depress the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Any future issuance of equity securities, including the issuance of shares upon direct registration, upon satisfaction of our obligations, compensation of vendors, exercise of outstanding warrants, or effectuation of a reverse stock split, could dilute the interests of our existing stockholders, and could substantially decrease the trading price of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding options to purchase 4,895,522 shares of our common stock at exercise prices ranging from 0.40 to 86.57 per share and warrants to purchase 1,576,256 shares of our common stock at exercise prices ranging from 0.01 to 13.68 per share. Also, as of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 1,449,526 unvested RSUs outstanding. We may issue equity securities in the future for a number of reasons, including to finance our operations and business strategy, in connection with acquisitions, to adjust our ratio of debt to equity, to satisfy our obligations upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or options or for other reasons. 
 
 There may be future sales or other dilution of our equity, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 In the future, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private financing, which might include sales of equity securities. The issuance of any additional shares of common stock or securities convertible into, exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive common stock or the exercise of such securities could be substantially dilutive to holders of shares of our common stock. Holders of shares of our common stock have no preemptive rights that entitle holders to purchase their pro rata share of any offering of shares of any class or series. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of shares of our common stock made after this offering or the perception that such sales could occur. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, our stockholders bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their interests in our Company. 
 
 We have historically relied in part on sales of our common stock to fund our operations, and our future ability to obtain additional capital through stock sales or other securities offerings may be more costly than in the past, or may not be available to us at all. 
 
 We have historically relied in part on sales of our common stock to fund our operations. For example, we raised an aggregate of approximately 15.1 million in gross proceeds in fiscal years 2021 and 2022 through the sale of shares of our common stock in offerings made under a Form S-3 shelf registration statement. Using a shelf registration statement to conduct an equity offering to raise capital generally takes less time and is less expensive than other means, such as conducting an offering under a Form S-1 registration statement. We are no longer eligible to use a shelf registration statement due to non-payment of dividends on our Series A preferred stock since December 31, 2022. We may choose to conduct an offering of our securities under an exemption from registration under the Securities Act or under a Form S-1 registration statement, but we would expect either of these alternatives to be a more expensive method of raising additional capital and more dilutive to our stockholders relative to using a shelf registration statement. 
 
 The holders of our Series A Preferred Stock may be entitled to elect two directors to our board of directors. 
 
 Under the terms of the certificate of designation for our Series A Preferred Stock, if dividends on our Series A Preferred have not been paid in an aggregate amount equal to the equivalent of at least six or more quarterly dividends (whether consecutive or not), the number of directors constituting our Board of Directors will be increased by two, and the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock, will have the right, voting separately as a single class, to fill such newly created directorships (and to fill any vacancies in the terms of such directorships). Dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock are payable every February 28, May 30, August 31, and November 30. We did not pay the dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock payable in each of May 2022, August 2022, November 2022 and February 2023. Accordingly, if we do not pay all such dividends and we do not pay dividends with respect at least two additional quarterly dividend dates, the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock will have the right to elect two directors to our board of directors. 
 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and Delaware law could discourage a change in control, or an acquisition of us by a third party, even if the acquisition would be favorable to you. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the Delaware General Corporation Law contain provisions (including the Section 382 Ownership Limit) that may have the effect of making more difficult or delaying attempts by others to obtain control of our Company, even when these attempts may be in the best interests of stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors, without stockholder approval, to issue one or more series of preferred stock, which could have voting and conversion rights that adversely affect or dilute the voting power of the holders of common stock. Delaware law also imposes conditions on certain business combination transactions with interested stockholders. These provisions and others that could be adopted in the future could deter unsolicited takeovers or delay or prevent changes in our control or management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. These provisions may also limit the ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. 
 
 We do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We have paid no cash dividends on our common stock to date, and we intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the continued development and growth of our business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. Further, any payment of cash dividends will also depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors, including contractual restrictions to which we may be subject, and will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not Applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our principal executive and administrative office is located in office space in Henderson, Nevada, that we lease pursuant to a lease agreement we entered into in March 2022. We believe that the current office space is adequate to meet our needs. 
 
 Our former principal executive office was in Santa Monica, California. In April 2022, we entered into a sublease agreement with a subtenant for 100 of that office space. On February 16, 2023, we entered into a lease and sublease termination agreement for that office space with the landlord and subtenant with a termination date of February 28, 2023. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are subject to various legal proceedings that arise in the normal course of our business activities. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are not a party to any litigation the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position, except for the legal proceedings discussed in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, in Part II, Item 8, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 

26 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol "OTRK." 
 Holders 
 As of April 12, 2023, there were 36 stockholders of record of our common stock. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information regarding compensation plans under which equity securities may be issued is included in Item 12 of Part III of this report through incorporation by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Unregistered Sales of Securities 
 All sales of unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 were previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 
 Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, business strategies, operating efficiencies or synergies, competitive positions, growth opportunities for existing products, plans and objectives of management, markets for our stock and other matters. Statements in this report that are not historical facts are hereby identified as forward-looking statements for the purpose of the safe harbor provided by Section 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Such forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those relating to the future business prospects, our revenue and income, wherever they occur, are necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of our senior management as of the date on which they were made, or if no date is stated, as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in the Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K ), that may affect the operations, performance, development and results of our business. Because the factors discussed in this report could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation and do not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 All references to Ontrak, Ontrak, Inc., we, us, our or the Company mean Ontrak, Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities, except where it is made clear that the term means only the parent company. 

OVERVIEW 
 General 
 Ontrak, Inc. Ontrak, Company, we, us or our is an artificial intelligence AI )-powered and telehealth-enabled, virtualized healthcare company, whose mission is to help improve the health and save the lives of as many people as possible. Our technology-enabled platform provides claim-based analytics and predictive modeling to provide analytic insights throughout the delivery of our personalized treatment program. Our program predicts people whose chronic disease will improve with behavior change, recommends effective care pathways that people are willing to follow, and engages and guides them to and through the care they need. By combining predictive analytics with human engagement, we deliver improved member health and validated outcomes and savings to healthcare payors. 
 
 Our integrated, technology-enabled Ontrak TM programs are designed to provide healthcare solutions to members with behavioral conditions that cause or exacerbate chronic medical conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, coronary artery disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and congestive heart failure, which result in high medical costs. Ontrak has a unique ability to engage these members, who do not otherwise seek behavioral healthcare, leveraging proprietary enrollment capabilities built on deep insights into the drivers of care avoidance. Ontrak integrates evidence-based psychosocial and medical interventions delivered either in-person or via telehealth, along with care coaching and in-market community care coordinators who address the social and environmental determinants of health, including loneliness. Our programs seek to improve member health and deliver validated cost savings to healthcare payors. 
 We operate as one segment in the United States and we have contracted with leading national and regional health plans to make the Ontrak program available to eligible members. 

Recent Developments 
 
 Management Changes 
 
 On March 2, 2023, Terren S. Peizer resigned as a member of the Board of Directors, as Chairman of the Board, as Executive Chairman, and as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective immediately. Mr. Peizer explained that his resignation was for the good of the Company and to minimize any distraction from the important work that the Company does. 
 
 Effective March 3, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors appointed Brandon H. LaVerne as Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective immediately. Mr. LaVerne served as the Company s Co-President and Chief Operating Officer since June 27, 2022 and continues to serve as Chief Operating Officer, but will no longer serve as Co-President. 
 
 As a result of the changes in Mr. LaVerne s roles with the Company, Mary Louise Osborne serves as the Company s President and Chief Commercial Officer. Ms. Osborne served as the Company s Co-President and Chief Commercial Officer since June 27, 2022 and August 2021, respectively. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 On March 1, 2023, the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ announced charges and the SEC filed a civil complaint against Mr. Peizer alleging unlawful insider trading in the Company s stock. Neither the Company nor any other current or former director or employee of the Company were charged by the DOJ or sued by the SEC. 
 
 Keep Well Agreement 
 
 We entered into a Master Note Purchase Agreement with Acuitas Capital LLC Acuitas Capital and together with its affiliates, including Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC and Terren S. Peizer, Acuitas dated as of April 15, 2022, which was amended on each of August 12, 2022, November 19, 2022, and December 30, 2022 (as amended, the Keep Well Agreement ). 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Acuitas Capital, which is our largest stockholder, is an entity indirectly wholly owned and controlled by Mr. Peizer, our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. See the risk factor titled Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC owns approximately 40.6 of our outstanding common stock and beneficially owns approximately 85.5 of our outstanding common stock, and as a result of such ownership has the ability to substantially influence the election of directors and other matters submitted to stockholders in Item 1A. Risk Factors of Part I of this report. The Keep Well Agreement was evaluated by, and negotiated at the direction of, a special committee of independent and disinterested directors of our board of directors. Our board of directors approved the Keep Well Agreement upon the recommendation for such approval by such committee. 
 
 To date, we borrowed 19.0 million of the 25.0 million that we may borrow under the Keep Well Agreement. Our obligations under the Keep Well Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries and secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of our present and future property and assets, subject to customary exceptions and exclusions. Borrowings under the Keep Well Agreement are evidenced by senior secured convertible promissory notes (collectively, the Keep Well Notes ). The Keep Well Notes are due on June 30, 2024, subject to acceleration for certain customary events of default, including for failure to make payments when due, our breach of certain covenants and representations in the Keep Well Agreement, our default under other agreements related to indebtedness, our bankruptcy or dissolution, and a change of control of the Company. 
 
 Of the remaining 6.0 million we may borrow, subject to the conditions in the Keep Well Agreement, 4.0 million is to be funded in June 2023 and 2.0 million in September 2023. One of the conditions precedent to funding is that our common stock is listed on Nasdaq, and there are no assurances that we will satisfy that condition in the future. See the risk factor titled, There can be no assurance that our common stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq or, if listed, that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions in Item 1A. Risk Factors of Part I of this report. 
 
 The Keep Well Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock at any time, and in connection with the issuance of each Keep Well Note, we issue a warrant to purchase shares of our common stock to Acuitas, and in connection with the conversion of the principal amount of any Keep Well Note and/or accrued interest thereon into shares of our common stock, we will issue to Acuitas a warrant to purchase shares of our common stock. The conversion price of the Keep Well Notes is currently 0.40 and is subject to adjustment, subject to a floor of 0.15 (subject to adjustment for stock splits and the like). The warrants issued under the Keep Well Agreement have a term of five-years and an exercise price of 0.45 per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits and the like. See the risk factor titled, Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC owns approximately 40.6 of our outstanding common stock and beneficially owns approximately 85.5 of our outstanding common stock, and as a result of such ownership has the ability to substantially influence the election of directors and other matters submitted to stockholders in Item 1A. Risk Factors of Part I of this report. 
 
 For additional information regarding the Keep Well Agreement and the transactions related thereto, please see the discussion under Keep Well Agreement in Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 2024 Notes 
 The Company was party to a Note Purchase Agreement dated September 24, 2019 (the Note Agreement with Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P. and any other purchasers party thereto from time to time (collectively, the Holders ), as amended, pursuant to which the Company initially issued 35.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes (the "Initial 2024 Notes"). In August 2020, the Company issued an additional 10.0 million principal amount of senior secured notes as provided under the additional note purchase commitment of the Note Agreement (together with the Initial 2024 Notes, the "2024 Notes").On March 8, 2022, the Company entered into an Eight Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement with the Holders (the "Eighth Amendment"), which among other things, amended certain financial covenants intended to increase the Company's financial flexibility, a prepayment of 11.0 million of the outstanding loan balance without the incurrence of a yield maintenance premium or prepayment fee, which prepayment was made by the Company on March 8, 2022, placed restrictions on the declaration and payment of dividends on the Company's Series A Preferred Stock until after December 31, 2022, and elimination of LIBOR as a reference rate such that the 2024 Notes only bear interest at the Base Rate, as defined in the Note Agreement, going forward. During the first half of 2022, the Company prepaid a total of 31.7 million (including the above mentioned 11.0 million) of the 2024 Notes, and wrote off 2.0 million of debt issuance costs related to the 2024 Notes. 
 On July 15, 2022, the Company entered into a payoff letter agreement with the Holders of our 2024 Notes, pursuant to which the Company paid in full the outstanding loan balance under the 2024 Notes of approximately 7.6 million, which included 0.1 million of accrued interest as of July 15, 2022. The Company funded the payoff with 2.6 million of its cash on hand and 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 5 million of borrowing under the Keep Well Agreement, as discussed below. All obligations owing by the Company under the Note Purchase Agreement were released, discharged and satisfied in full, and the Note Purchase Agreement was terminated (other than those provisions therein that expressly survive termination), and all liens securing the Company s obligations under the Note Purchase Agreement were released. In July 2022, the Company wrote off the remaining 1.3 million of debt issuance costs related to the 2024 Notes. 
 
 In connection with entering into the Eighth Amendment, the Company issued to Special Situations Investing Group II, LLC (the Holder ), a Purchase Warrant for Common Shares (the Amendment Warrant pursuant to which the Holder may purchase shares of the Company s common stock in an aggregate amount of up 111,680 shares. Also, the Company agreed to issue to the Holder, beginning March 31, 2022 and until the earlier of (i) date the 2024 Notes have been paid in full and (ii) October 31, 2022, additional warrants (each a Ticking Warrant and together with the Amendment Warrant, the Warrants ), having the same terms as the Amendment Warrant, to purchase a number of shares of the Company's common stock equal to 47,500, to be calculated based on the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the five (5) trading day period immediately preceding the date such Ticking Warrant is issued, not to exceed 7 of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock on the date of the Eighth Amendment. The Warrants were offered and sold to the Holder in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act. The Warrants may be exercised by the Holder at an exercise price equal to 0.01 per share and will expire on September 24, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, Ticking Warrants issued to the Holder to purchase 118,931 shares of the Company's common stock were outstanding. 
 Customer Notifications, Reduction in Workforce and Restructuring 
 
 In February 2021, we were notified by our then largest customer that the participation status with this customer will be terminated. As a result of this notice, our management assessed various options and deemed it prudent to initiate a workforce reduction plan intended to align our resources and manage our operating costs, resulting in reduction of 35 of full time positions. In addition, in August 2021, we received a termination notice from another customer of their intent not to continue the program past December 31, 2021. We believe the reasons for that customer's decision to terminate were specific to the customer s corporate shift in strategic direction. Each of these customers' members completed their participation in our program as of December 31, 2021. For information regarding concentration of our customers, refer to Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 In November 2021, our management approved a restructuring plan as part of management's cost saving measures in order to reduce its operating costs, optimize its business model and help align with its previously stated strategic initiatives. The restructuring plan included reductions in workforce, a strategic change in our technology enhancement plan to purchase an alternative third-party software product for implementation and abandon internally-developed software as it would provide a significant amount of functionality needed in a more cost effective and timely manner, and identification and write-off of obsolete assets, including computers, equipment and other capitalized contract costs. 
 In August 2022, our management approved a restructuring plan as part of management's continued cost saving measures in order to reduce its operating costs, optimize its business model and help align with its previously stated strategic initiatives. Under the restructuring plan, we reduced approximately 34 of positions and 7.7 million of annual compensation costs, as well as approximately 3.0 million of annual third party costs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a total of approximately 0.9 million of termination benefits to the impacted employees, including severance payments and benefits, recorded as part of "Restructuring, severance and related costs" on our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. For information regarding restructuring, severance and related costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 On March 9, 2023, as part of our continued cost saving measures and to reduce our operating costs and to help align with our previously stated strategic initiatives, our management implemented additional headcount reductions wherein approximately 19 of our employee positions were eliminated. These headcount reductions are expected to result in a reduction of approximately 2.7 million of annual compensation costs. We estimate one-time costs of approximately 0.3 million of termination benefits to the impacted employees, including severance payments and benefits. We completed the headcount reductions on March 10, 2023. 
 For information regarding restructuring, severance and related costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Common Stock Offering 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 In November 2021, we entered into an at-the market ("ATM") agreement with a designated broker under which we may, from time to time, sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 70 million. During November and December 2021, we sold 1,324,185 shares of our common stock under the ATM agreement, resulting in total gross proceeds of 11.1 million 10.8 million, net of commission and fees). The 10.8 million of net proceeds from this ATM offering of our common stock was used to pay down a portion of the outstanding loan balance of our 2024 Notes. 
 On August 2, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors for the purchase and sale of 5,000,000 shares of our common stock at an at-the-market purchase price of 0.80 per share in a registered direct offering. The offering closed on August 4, 2022 and we received total net proceeds of approximately 3.3 million (excluding approximately 0.7 million of fees and expenses). We used the net proceeds from the offering for working capital purposes. 
 
 Preferred Stock Offering 
 
 Beginning in September through December 2020, we completed the offering of a total of 3,770,265 shares of 9.50 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (the "Series A Preferred Stock"), resulting in aggregate gross proceeds of 93.8 million to the Company (or 86.6 million net of underwriting fees and other offering expenses). The Series A Preferred Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "OTRKP." We generally may not redeem the Series A Preferred Stock until August 25, 2025, except upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event or Change of Control (as defined in the Certificate of Designations establishing the Series A Preferred Stock), and on and after August 25, 2025, we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. The Series A Preferred Stock has no maturity date and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless redeemed by us or exchanged for shares of common stock in connection with a Delisting Event or Change of Control. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock generally have no voting rights, but will have limited voting rights if we fail to pay dividends for six or more quarters, whether or not declared or consecutive) and in certain other events. 
 
 We used a portion of the net proceeds of the initial offering to fund a segregated dividend account for the payments of the first eight quarterly dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock and used the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which included working capital, M A and investments in technology. 
 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock of record at the close of business of each respective record date (February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15) are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 9.50 per annum of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference (equivalent to 2.375 per annum per share or 0.593750 per quarter per share). Dividends, if and when declared by our Board of Directors, are payable quarterly in arrears, every February 28, May 30, August 31, and November 30, as applicable. In 2021, our Board of Directors approved and the Company paid each of the four quarterly dividends on the Company's Series A Preferred Stock for shareholders of record on each record date of 2021. In 2022, our Board of Directors 
 declared and the Company paid the first quarterly dividend on the Company's Series A Preferred Stock for shareholders of record on February 15, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had total undeclared dividends of 7.5 million. 
 Metrics 
 The following table sets forth our key metrics that we use to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions: 
 Revenue. Our revenues are mostly generated from fees charged to health plan customers related to health plan members enrolled in our Ontrak program. Our contracts are generally designed to provide cash fees to us on a monthly basis, an upfront case rate, or fee for service based on enrolled members and achievement of certain member specified metrics that drive clinical engagement. Our performance obligation is satisfied over the length of the Ontrak program as our services our delivered. 
 Cash flow from operations. Our business activities generally have resulted in an outflow of cash flow from operations as we invest strategically into our business to help the growth of our operations. 
 Effective Outreach Pool. Our Effective Outreach Pool represents individuals insured by our health plan customers who have been identified through our advanced data analytics and predictive modeling with untreated behavioral health conditions that may be impacted through enrollment in the Ontrak program. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except outreach pool) 2022 2021 Change Change Revenue 14,514 84,133 (69,619) (83) Cash flow from operations (23,966) (26,155) 2,189 8 At December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Effective outreach pool 3,861 5,415 (1,554) (29) 
 
 Our revenue for 2022 was 14.5 million compared to 84.1 million for the same period in 2021. The decrease in our revenue in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to the loss of two of our largest customers as previously announced in 2021 and a decrease in total average enrolled members during 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Our cash flow from operations for 2022 was (24.0) million compared to (26.2) million for 2021. Our cash flow from operating activities during 2022 and 2021 have been negatively impacted by a decrease in our revenue related to the customer terminations previously announced. 
 
 Our effective outreach pool at December 31, 2022 was 3,861 compared to 5,415 at the same period in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to reduced outreach pool associated with the loss of one of our customers, as well as a smaller decrease associated with the loss of a second customer in 2021 and budgetary constraints limiting our enrollment at certain other customers. As we work with our remaining customers in maximizing return on their investment, optimizing our enrollment process, and enhancing our offering, the effective outreach pool could continue to fluctuate in the near term. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our effective outreach pool more than doubled to nearly 9,000 as compared to December 31, 2022. This increase in our effective outreach pool is the result of several factors including Ontrak s refinement of its proprietary and predictive algorithms to identify additional eligible members, the addition of high-acuity, commercial members resulting from an amendment executed with an existing customer and the expansion of the Ontrak program for a Medicaid plan customer to a new 18 to 20 year old cohort of members with impactable cost threshold. 
 
 Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when, or as, we satisfy our performance obligations by transferring the promised goods or services to the customers. Revenue from a performance obligation satisfied over time is recognized by measuring our progress in satisfying the performance obligation in a manner that depicts the transfer of the goods or services to the customer. Revenue related to health plan customers whose health plan members are enrolled in our program is recognized over the enrollment period of the program. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of healthcare services consists primarily of salaries related to our care coaches, member engagement specialists and other staff directly involved in member care, healthcare provider claims payments and related processing fees, and other direct costs incurred to serve our health plan customers. All costs are recognized in the period in which an eligible member receives services. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Our operating expenses consist of our sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses, as well as restructuring, severance and related costs as applicable. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel and related expenses for our sales and marketing staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation and commissions, and costs of marketing and promotional events, corporate communications, online marketing, product marketing and other brand-building activities. All advertising related costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel and related expenses for our engineers and software development staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation, and the cost of certain third-party service providers. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel and related expenses for 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 administrative, legal, finance, compliance and human resource staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation, professional fees, insurance premiums, and other corporate expenses. Restructuring, severance and related costs include workforce reduction costs and asset impairment charges, if any. 
 
 Interest Expense, net 
 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense from our note agreements, accretion of debt discount, amortization of debt issuance costs and finance leases. 
 
 Other Expense, net 
 Other expense, net consists of gains and losses associated with changes in fair value of contingent consideration and warrant liabilities, write-off of debt issuance related costs and other assets, and other miscellaneous income and expense items. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The table below and the discussion that follows summarize our results of operations for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue 14,514 84,133 Cost of revenue 7,461 31,214 Gross profit 7,053 52,919 Operating expenses: Research and development 10,974 18,279 Sales and marketing 5,006 9,895 General and administrative 34,256 43,774 Restructuring, severance and related costs 934 8,952 Total operating expenses 51,170 80,900 Operating loss (44,117) (27,981) Other expense, net (3,461) (1,013) Interest expense, net (3,907) (7,997) Loss before income taxes (51,485) (36,991) Income tax expense (88) (153) Net loss (51,573) (37,144) 
 
 Revenue 
 The mix of our revenues between commercial and government insured members can fluctuate year over year. The following table sets forth our sources of revenue for each of the periods indicated: 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Commercial revenue 6,772 33,300 (26,528) (80) Percentage of commercial revenue to total revenue 47 40 7 Government revenue 7,742 50,833 (43,091) (85) Percentage of government revenue to total revenue 53 60 (7) Total revenue 14,514 84,133 (69,619) (83) 
 Total revenue decreased 69.6 million, or 83 , in 2022 as compared to 2021. This decrease in revenue was primarily due to the loss of our two largest customers as previously announced in 2021 and a decrease in total average enrolled members. 
 
 The mix of our revenues from commercial customers increased to 47 in 2022 compared to 40 in 2021, and government customers decreased to 53 in 2022 compared to 60 in 2021. This shift in mix of revenues from commercial and government customers was mainly due to the loss of our two largest customers as previously announced. 
 
 We currently expect our revenues in the first half of 2023 to decline year over year primarily as a result of the lost customers discussed above and pricing and volume updates with certain other customers. 

Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Cost of revenue 7,461 31,214 (23,753) (76) Gross profit 7,053 52,919 (45,866) (87) Gross profit margin 49 63 (14) 
 Cost of revenue decreased 23.8 million, or 76 , in 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease in cost of revenue was primarily due to a decrease in personnel costs resulting from headcount efficiencies gained and cost optimization initiatives as we improve the operations of our member facing organization, and a decrease in provider costs. 
 Gross profit and gross profit margin decreased by 45.9 million and 14 , respectively, in 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease in both gross profit and gross profit margin was primarily due to the decrease in our revenue discussed above, partially offset by the decrease in cost of revenue discussed above. 
 We expect our cost of revenue to decline year over year in line with the decrease in revenue and as we optimize the efficiency of our operations and continue to scale our business. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Operating expenses: Research and development 10,974 18,279 (7,305) (40) Sales and marketing 5,006 9,895 (4,889) (49) General and administrative 34,256 43,774 (9,518) (22) Restructuring, severance and related costs 934 8,952 (8,018) (90) Total operating expenses 51,170 80,900 (29,730) (37) Operating loss (44,117) (27,981) (16,136) 58 Operating loss margin (304.0) (33.3) (270.7) 
 Total operating expense decreased by 29.7 million, or 37 , in 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to the following: 
 7.3 million decrease in our research and development costs, which was primarily related to 7.5 million decrease in employee-related costs and 1.6 million decrease in professional consulting fees, partially offset by a 1.5 million increase in depreciation expense and a 0.5 million increase in software costs. 
 4.9 million decrease in our sales and marketing costs, which was primarily related to 3.1 million decrease in promotional costs related to marketing initiatives, 1.1 million decrease in employee-related costs and 0.7 million decrease in professional consulting fees. 
 9.5 million decrease in our general and administrative costs, which was primarily related to 8.0 million decrease in employee-related costs, 1.4 million decrease in software related costs, 0.6 million decrease in occupancy costs and 0.4 million decrease in other general professional service costs, partially offset by a 1.4 million increase in legal costs. 
 8.0 million decrease in restructuring, severance and related costs primarily due to costs related to reduction in workforce announced in August 2022 compared to costs related to management's restructuring plan implemented in the fourth quarter of 2021, including the reduction in workforce announced in March and November 2021. For more information, refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our operating expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of our total revenue from period to period due to the timing and extent of our operating and strategic initiatives. We are subject to ongoing securities class action and stockholder derivative litigation, which has led to significant legal costs. In November 2022, we received a subpoena from the SEC relating to an investigation it is conducting captioned "In the Matter of Trading in the Securities of Ontrak, Inc. (HO-14340)." We have incurred significant legal costs attending to this matter, as well. Legal costs we have incurred have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For more information, refer to Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Other Expense, net Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Other expense, net (3,461) (1,013) (2,448) (242) 
 Other expense, net of 3.5 million for 2022 was primarily related to a 3.3 million write-off of debt issuance costs on our 2024 Notes and a 0.3 million write-off of other asset, partially offset by 0.1 million of net gain related to changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities. Other expense, net of 1.0 million for 2021 was primarily related to a 1.3 million loss on the change in fair value of the contingent liability relating to an acquisition, partially offset by a 0.2 million gain on the forgiveness of the LifeDojo PPP loan and 0.1 million of other miscellaneous income. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense, net Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Interest expense, net 3,907 7,997 (4,090) (51) 
 Interest expense, net decreased 4.1 million, or 51 , in 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease in interest expenses was primarily due to lower average total outstanding loan balance during 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Income Tax Expense Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Income tax expense (88) (153) 65 (42) 
 Income tax expense for 2022 was 0.1 million and 0.2 million for 2021, related to state minimum taxes and gross receipts taxes for both years. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We provide services to commercial (employer funded), managed Medicare Advantage, managed Medicaid and duel eligible (Medicare and Medicaid) populations to generate revenues. We also provide mental health and wellbeing support to members of employer customers under our LifeDojo wellbeing solution. We aim to increase the number of members that are eligible for its solutions by signing new contracts and identifying more eligible members in existing contracts. 
 
 We have incurred significant net losses and negative operating cash flows since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur net losses and negative operating cash flow, in part due to the negative impact on our operations resulting from customer terminations. As of December 31, 2022, our cash and restricted cash was 9.7 million (see discussion about the availability of restricted cash in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) and we had working capital of approximately 4.8 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our average monthly cash flow from operations burn rate was 2.0 million. Throughout the year ended December 31, 2022 and subsequently in March 2023, as part of the Company's continued cost saving measures to reduce its operating costs and to better align with its previously stated strategic initiatives, our management completed a series of reduction in workforce and vendor cost optimization plans. As a result, the Company expects the full effect of these plans will be realized in 2023 and beyond, and decrease our operating costs and improve average monthly cash flow from operations. These cost optimization plans are necessary to right size our business commensurate with our current customer base. 
 
 In addition to revenue from business operations, our primary source of working capital is the Keep Well Agreement, which has 14.0 million of principal borrowing capacity remaining as of December 31, 2022 4.0 million borrowed on each of January and March 2023). We may also be able to raise capital through equity financings, however, when we can affect such sales and the amount of shares we can sell depends on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of our common stock and our determination as to the appropriate sources of funding for our operations. 
 
 Regardless of our success in raising additional capital, we expect our cash on hand, including restricted cash and additional borrowings under our Keep Well Agreement, will be sufficient to meet our obligations for at least the next 12 months from the date these financial statements are released. 
 
 Management plans to continue to execute on its strategy by (i) exploring other sources of capital with either debt or equity financing for future liquidity needs; (ii) continuing to manage operating costs by strategically pursuing cost optimization initiatives; and (iii) continuing to pursue executing our growth strategy by improving our marketing techniques and implementing new features to increase customer engagement, adding new members and securing new customer contracts. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to satisfy the conditions precedent to future borrowings under the Keep Well Agreement or that other capital will be available when needed or that, if available, it will be obtained on terms favorable to us and our stockholders, that we will be successful in implementing cost optimization initiatives, or that we will be successful in 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 executing our growth strategy. In addition, our Keep Well Agreement contains various financial covenants, and any unanticipated non-compliance with those covenants could result in an acceleration of the repayment of the outstanding loan balance. Furthermore, equity or debt financings may have a dilutive effect on the holdings of our existing stockholders, and debt financings may subject us to restrictive covenants, operational restrictions and security interests in our assets. See the risk factors entitled, We expect to continue to incur substantial operating losses and may be unable to obtain additional financing, and We will need additional funding, and we cannot guarantee that we will satisfy the conditions precedent for the 6.0 million that remains to be borrowed under the Keep Well Agreement or find adequate sources of capital in the future, in Item 1A. Risk Factors, Part I of this report. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (23,966) (26,155) Net cash used in investing activities (1,156) (4,480) Net cash used in by financing activities (31,111) (6,629) Net decrease in cash and restricted cash (56,233) (37,264) 
 We used 24.0 million of cash from operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 26.2 million during the same period in 2021. Our cash flow from operating activities continue to be impacted by a year-over-year decrease in our revenue related to the customer terminations previously announced and related decrease in customer billings and collections. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 1.2 million in 2022 compared to 4.5 million in 2021, relating to capitalized software development costs in each of the years. We anticipate that software development costs and capital expenditures will decrease in the near future. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 31.1 million in 2022 compared with 6.6 million in 2021. Net cash used in financing activities for 2022 was primarily related to 39.2 million of repayments made on our 2024 Notes, representing full payment and termination of the 2024 Notes, 2.8 million of payments made on our financed insurance premiums and 2.2 million of dividend payments made on our Series A Preferred Stock, partially offset by 11.0 million borrowed on the Keep Well Agreement and 3.3 million net raised in a registered direct offering of our common stock. Net cash used in financing activities for 2021 was primarily related to 10.8 million of repayments made on the outstanding balance of our 2024 Notes, 9.0 million of dividend payments made on our Series A Preferred Stock and 3.0 million of payments made on our financed insurance premiums, partially offset by 11.1 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the ATM offering and 5.6 million of proceeds received from stock option exercises. 
 As a result of the above, our total cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash of 4.7 million, was 9.7 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Debt 
 See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a detailed discussion about our debt. 
 Common Stock and Preferred Stock Offering 
 See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a detailed discussion about our common stock and preferred stock offerings, and related preferred stock dividends. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policy and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that may not be readily apparent from other sources. On an on-going basis, we evaluate the appropriateness of our estimates and we maintain a thorough process to review the application of our accounting policies. Our actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 We consider our critical accounting estimates to be those that (1) involve significant judgments and uncertainties, (2) require estimates that are more difficult for management to determine, and (3) may produce materially different results when using different assumptions. We have discussed these critical accounting estimates, the basis for their underlying assumptions and estimates, and the nature of our related disclosures herein with the audit committee of our Board of Directors. We believe our accounting policies related to revenue recognition and share-based compensation expense involve our most significant judgments and estimates that are material to our consolidated financial statements. They are discussed further below. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company generates virtual healthcare service revenue from contracts with customers as it satisfies its performance obligations to customers and their members enrolled in our Ontrak program. The virtual healthcare service is transferred to a customer when, or as, the customer obtains control of that service. A performance obligation may be satisfied over time or at a point in time. Revenue from a performance obligation satisfied over time is recognized by measuring progress in a manner that depicts the transfer of services to the customer. Revenue from a performance obligation satisfied at a point in time is recognized at the point in time that the Company determines the customer obtains control over the promised service. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those promised services i.e. , the transaction price ). In determining the transaction price, the Company considers multiple factors, including identification of the performance obligation and the effects of variable consideration. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainties with respect to the amount are resolved. In determining when to include variable consideration in the transaction price, the Company considers the range of possible outcomes, the predictive value of past experiences, the time period of when uncertainties expect to be resolved and the amount of consideration that is susceptible to factors outside the Company's influence, such as the judgment and actions of third parties. 
 Deferred Revenue 
 
 Deferred revenue represents billed, but unrecognized revenue, and is comprised of fees billed or received in advance of the delivery or completion of the services when revenue recognition criteria have not been met. Deferred revenue is recognized as our performance obligation is satisfied over the length of the Ontrak program as our services are delivered. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of salaries related to our care coaches, outreach specialists and other staff directly involved in member care, healthcare provider claims payments and related processing fees and other direct costs incurred in delivering our performance obligation. Salaries and fees charged by our third party administrators for processing claims are expensed in the period in which an eligible member receives services. 
 Commissions 
 We defer commissions paid to our sales force and engagement specialists as these amounts are incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer and are recoverable from future revenue that gave rise to the commissions. Commissions for initial contracts and member enrollments are deferred on the consolidated balance sheets and amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of benefit that has been determined to be six years and one year, respectively. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development Costs 
 Research and development costs primarily include personnel and related expenses, including third-party services, for software development and engineering, information technology infrastructure development. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents. Cash is deposited with what we believe are highly credited, quality financial institutions. The deposited cash exceeds Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits. We cannot provide assurance that we will not experience losses on these deposits. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is carried at historical cost, not amortized, and subject to write-down, as needed, based upon an impairment analysis that we perform annually on October 1 or more frequently if an event occurs or change in circumstances indicates that the asset may be impaired. We operate as one reporting unit and the fair value of the reporting unit is estimated using quoted market prices in active markets of our common stock. The implied fair value of goodwill is compared to the carrying value of goodwill as of the testing date, and an impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its implied fair value, if any. We conducted our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2022 and determined that no impairment of goodwill existed. 
 
 Definite-lived intangible assets include acquired software technology and customer relationships resulting from a business acquisition. We amortize such definite-lived intangible assets on a straight line basis over their estimated useful lives. Definite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. See below under "Valuation of Long-Lived Assets" for more information. 
 
 Valuation of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 We review long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In the event the undiscounted future cash flow attributable to the asset is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the long-lived asset. Changes in estimates of future cash flows attributable to the long-lived assets could result in a write-down of the asset in a future period. We conducted an impairment analysis of our long-lived assets and determined that there was no impairment relating to these long-lived assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 Stock Options and Restricted Stock Units Employees and Directors 
 We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors based on estimated fair values on the date of grant. We estimate the fair value of RSU awards based on the closing stock price of our common shares on the date of grant. We estimate the fair value of shares for stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods in the consolidated statements of operations. We recognize forfeitures when they occur. 
 Stock Options and Warrants Non-employees 
 We account for the issuance of stock options and warrants for services from non-employees by estimating the fair value of stock options and warrants issued using the Black-Scholes pricing model. This model s calculations incorporate the exercise price, the market price of shares on grant date, the weighted average risk-free interest rate, expected life of the option or warrant, expected volatility of our stock and expected dividends. 
 For options and warrants issued as compensation to non-employees for services that are fully vested and non-forfeitable at the time of issuance, the estimated value is recorded in equity and expensed when the services are performed and benefit is received. For unvested shares, the change in fair value during the period is recognized in expense using the graded vesting method. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes using the liability method in accordance with Accounting Standards Committee ASC 740 Income Taxes. To date, no current income tax liability has been recorded due to our accumulated net losses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and the amounts that are reported in the tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded on a net basis; however, our net deferred tax assets have been fully reserved by a valuation allowance due to the uncertainty of our ability to realize future taxable income and to recover our net deferred tax assets. 

Recently Issued or Newly Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements adopted and under evaluation, refer to Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Our consolidated financial statements and related financial information required to be filed hereunder are indexed under Item 15 of this report and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We have evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control 
 There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) and for assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). 
 Our internal control over financial reporting is supported by written policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our Board of Directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Management's assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based upon this assessment, our management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Auditor s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information Regarding our Board of Directors 
 
 The following table lists our directors serving as of April 12, 2023. Each current director is serving a term that will expire at the Company's next annual meeting. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Name Age Position Director Since Richard A. Berman 78 Director, Chairman of the Audit Committee, Member of the Nominations and Governance Committee, and Member of the Compensation Committee. 2014 Michael E. Sherman 63 Director, Chairman of the Board, Chairman of the Compensation Committee, Member of the Nominations and Governance Committee, and Member of the Audit Committee. 2017 James M. Messina 63 Director, Chairman of the Nominations and Governance Committee, Member of the Compensation Committee, and Member of the Audit Committee. 2022 
 
 Richard A. Berman has served as the Company s director since February 2014. He is the Associate Vice President of Strategic initiatives for the University of South Florida Research and Innovation. He is a visiting professor of social entrepreneurship in the Muma College of Business, and a professor in the institute of innovation and advanced discovery at USF. As a recognized global leader, Mr. Berman has held positions in health care, education, politics and management. He has worked with several foreign governments, the United Nations, the U.S. Department of Health and Welfare, the FDA, and as a cabinet level official for the state of New York. He has also worked with McKinsey Co, NYU Medical Center, Westchester Medical, Korn-Ferry International, Howe-Lewis International and numerous startup companies. In 1995, Mr. Berman was selected by Manhattanville College to serve as its tenth President. Mr. Berman is credited with the turnaround of the College, where he served until 2009. Mr. Berman serves on the board of several organizations including EmblemHealth and as an elected member of the National Academy of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences (Formerly known as the Institute of Medicine). Mr. Berman received his BBA, MBA, and MPH from the University of Michigan and holds honorary doctorates from Manhattanville College and New York Medical College. 
 
 We believe Mr. Berman s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his extensive experience as an executive in several healthcare firms. In addition, as a board member of a health plan we believe he has an understanding of our customer base and current developments and strategies in the health insurance industry. 
 
 Michael E. Sherman has served as the Company s director since July 2017. He has worked in finance for over 30 years, having last served as a Managing Director in Investment Banking, at Barclays Plc. Prior to Barclays, Mr. Sherman was at Lehman Brothers, Inc. and Salomon Brothers Inc. Mr. Sherman specialized in equity capital markets and covered Healthcare companies, in addition to companies in other sectors. Mr. Sherman also is currently a Board Member at BioVie, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company. Mr. Sherman began his career in finance as a lawyer at Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen Hamilton in New York City and Hong Kong. 
 
 We believe that Mr. Sherman s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his experience in the banking and securities industry, and his experience in the healthcare industry. 
 
 James M. Messina has served as the Company's director since August 2022. He is a Co-Founder and General Partner of Seattle Hill Ventures and x4 Capital Partners, which invest in, and support, startup ventures by providing business development, marketing, operating and technology support. Previously, Mr. Messina was the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Premera Blue Cross ("Premera"). He was responsible for effectively servicing the needs of Premera s customers with oversight of all operational functions, from customer service to claims processing. Mr. Messina also led Sales and Marketing, responsible for growth and earnings across all markets and business lines throughout the Premera family of companies. Prior to joining Premera, Mr. Messina served as President and Chief Executive Officer of CareSite Pharmacies. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer and President of HealthMarket, a consumer-driven insurance company. Mr. Messina also served in senior level roles at CIGNA and UnitedHealth Group. 
 
 We believe Mr. Messina's qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his role as an investor in startup ventures and his extensive experience as an executive in healthcare firms. 
 
 2022 Meetings and Attendance 
 
 During 2022, the Board held 10 meetings. All Directors attended at least 75 or more of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and Board Committees on which they served. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Our audit committee currently consists of three directors, Messrs. Berman, Sherman and Messina with Mr. Berman serving as the chairman of the audit committee. The audit committee held 4 meetings during the 2022 year. The Board of Directors has determined that each of the members of the audit committee are independent as defined by the NASDAQ rules, meet the applicable requirements for audit committee members, including Rule 10A-3(b) under the Exchange Act, and that Mr. Berman qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by Item 401(h)(2) of Regulation S-K. The duties and responsibilities of the audit committee include (i) selecting, evaluating and, if appropriate, replacing our independent registered accounting firm, (ii) reviewing the plan and scope of audits, (iii) reviewing our significant accounting policies, any significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls or material weakness therein and any significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation and (iv) overseeing related auditing matters. 
 
 A copy of the audit committee s written charter is publicly available through the Investors-Governance section of our website at www.ontrakhealth.com. 
 
 Nominations and Governance Committee 
 
 Our nominations and governance committee currently consists of three members, Messrs. Messina, Sherman and Berman, who are all independent as defined by the NASDAQ rules. The nominations and governance committee held 5 meetings during the 2022 year. Mr. Messina serves as the chairman of the nominations and governance committee. The committee nominates new directors and periodically oversees corporate governance matters. 
 
 The charter of the nominations and governance committee provides that the committee will consider board candidates recommended for consideration by our stockholders, provided the stockholders provide information regarding candidates as required by the charter or reasonably requested by us within the timeframe proscribed in Rule 14a-8 of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, and other applicable rules and regulations. Recommendation materials are required to be sent to the nominations and governance committee c/o Ontrak, Inc., 2200 Paseo Verde Parkway, Suite 280, Henderson, NV 89052. There are no specific minimum qualifications required to be met by a director nominee recommended for a position on the board of directors, nor are there any specific qualities or skills that are necessary for one or more of our directors to possess, other than as are necessary to meet any requirements under the rules and regulations applicable to us. Although our board of directors does not maintain a specific policy with respect to board diversity, our nominations and governance committee believes that our Board members and the candidates that it nominates to serve on our Board constitute a diverse group and offer a broad range of perspectives, backgrounds and experiences to serve the interest of our shareholders. 
 
 The nominations and governance committee considers director candidates that are suggested by members of the board of directors, as well as management and stockholders. The committee may also retain a third-party executive search firm to identify candidates. The process for identifying and evaluating nominees for director, including nominees recommended by stockholders, involves reviewing potentially eligible candidates, conducting background and reference checks, interviews with the candidate and others (as schedules permit), a meeting to consider and approve the candidate and, as appropriate, preparing and presenting to the full board of directors an analysis with respect to particular recommended candidates. The nominations and governance committee endeavors to identify director nominees who have the highest personal and professional integrity, have demonstrated exceptional ability and judgment, and, together with other director nominees and members, are expected to serve the long term interest of our stockholders and contribute to our overall corporate goals. 
 
 A copy of the nominations and governance committee s written charter is publicly available through the Investors-Governance section of our website at www.ontrakhealth.com. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 The compensation committee currently consists of three directors Messrs. Sherman, Berman and Messina, who are all independent as defined by the NASDAQ rules. Mr. Sherman serves as the chairman of the compensation committee. During the 2022 year, the compensation committee held 9 meetings. The compensation committee reviews and recommends to the board of directors for approval the compensation of our executive officers. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 A copy of our compensation committee's written charter is publicly available through the Investors-Governance section of our website at www.ontrakhealth.com. 
 
 Board Diversity 
 
 Although the Company does not presently have a formal Board Diversity Policy, we believe in diversity and value the benefits that diversity can bring to our board of directors. Diversity promotes the inclusion of different perspectives and ideas, mitigates against group think and ensures that the Company has the opportunity to benefit from all available talent. The promotion of a diverse Board makes prudent business sense and makes for better corporate governance. Of our three board members, none are female. 
 
 The Company seeks to maintain a Board comprised of talented and dedicated directors with a diverse mix of expertise, experience, skills and backgrounds. The skills and backgrounds collectively represented on the Board should reflect the diverse nature of the business environment in which the Company operates. For purposes of Board composition, diversity includes, but is not limited to, business experience, geography, age, gender and ethnicity. In particular, the Board should include an appropriate number of female directors. 
 
 The Company is committed to a merit-based system for Board composition within a diverse and inclusive culture which solicits multiple perspectives and views and is free of conscious or unconscious bias and discrimination. When assessing Board composition or identifying suitable candidates for appointment or re-election to the Board, the Company will consider candidates on merit against objective criteria having due regard to the benefits of diversity and the needs of the Board. As we pursue future Board recruitment efforts, our nominations and governance committee will continue to see candidates who can contribute to the diversity of views and perspectives of the Board. This includes seeking out individuals of diverse ethnicities, a balance in terms of gender, and individuals with diverse perspectives informed by other personal and professional experiences. 
 
 Board Diversity Matrix 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 5606(f) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, set forth below is certain information on each director s voluntary self-identified characteristics as of April 12, 2023. 
 
 Total Number of Directors 
 3 Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not Disclose 
 Part I: Gender Identity Directors 0 2 0 1 Part II: Demographic Background African American or Black 0 0 0 0 Alaskan Native or American Indian 0 0 0 0 Asian 0 0 0 0 Hispanic or Latinx 0 0 0 0 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 0 0 0 0 White 0 2 0 0 Two or More Races or Ethnicities 0 0 0 0 LGBTQ+ 0 0 0 0 Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 0 0 0 1 

44 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers 
 
 The following table lists our executive officers as of April 12, 2023 an d their re spective ages and positions: 
 
 Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Brandon H. LaVerne (1) 
 51 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 Mary Louise Osborne (2) 
 61 President and Chief Commercial Officer 
 James J. Park (3) 
 46 Chief Financial Officer 
 Arik Hill 
 52 Chief Information Officer 
 Judith Feld (4) 69 Chief Medical Officer 
 __________ 
 (1) Mr. LaVerne was appointed to serve as the Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company on March 3, 2023, and will continue to serve as the Company s Chief Operating Officer and will no longer serve as the Company's Co-President. Mr. LaVerne was previously appointed to serve as the Co-President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company on June 27, 2022, and he previously served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 
 (2) Ms. Osborne was appointed to serve as the President of the Company on March 3, 2023, and will continue to serve as the Company s Chief Commercial Officer. Ms. Osborne was previously appointed the Co-President and Chief Commercial Officer of the Company on June 27, 2022, and she previously served as the Company s Chief Customer Officer. 
 (3) Mr. Park was appointed to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer on June 27, 2022. 
 (4) Dr. Feld was appointed to serve as the Chief Medical Officer of the Company on July 26, 2022. 
 
 Brandon H. LaVerne has served as the Company s Interim Chief Executive Officer since March 2023 and Chief Operating Officer since June 2022. Mr. LaVerne previously served as the Company s Co-President and Chief Operating Officer from June 2022 to March 2023 and the Company s Chief Financial Officer from March 2020 to June 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. LaVerne worked at PCM, Inc. from October 1998 until its sale in August 2019 and most recently served as its Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary between July 2007 and August 2019. Prior to joining PCM, Inc. Mr. LaVerne worked as the Corporate Accounting Supervisor for Computer Sciences Corporation from September 1996 to October 1998, and started his career with Deloitte Touche LLP in September 1993. Mr. LaVerne received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from University of Southern California and is a Certified Public Accountant (Inactive). 
 
 Mary Louise Osborne has served as the Company s President since March 2023 and Chief Commercial Officer since June 2022. Ms. Osborne previously served as the Company s Co-President and Chief Commercial Officer from June 2022 to March 2023 and the Company s Chief Customer Officer from August 2021 to June 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Osborne served as the Regional Vice President, Medicaid of CVS Health from 2013 to 2020. Prior to CVS Health, Ms. Osborne served as the President of Government Business for Coventry where she led the Mid Atlantic Government Businesses from 2002 to 2013. Ms. Osborne received her Bachelor of Arts degree from Duquesne University in 1983. 
 
 James J. Park has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since June 2022, Principal Accounting Officer since August 2021 and Chief Accounting Officer since 2019. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Park served as Controller of Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc., a cloud-based software company from 2012 to 2019. In addition, he has 10 years of public accounting experience with PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Park is a Certified Public Accountant (Inactive) and holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics with an Accounting emphasis from the University of California, Santa Barbara. 
 
 Arik Hill has served as the Company s Chief Information Officer since August 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hill served as the Chief Information Officer of The New York Foundling from 2017 to 2021. Prior to The New York Foundling, Mr. Hill served as Vice President of Customer Success at HealthEdge Software, Inc. from 2013 to 2017. From 2006 to 2013, Mr. Hill was Chief Information Officer and Vice President of Information Technology Services at FirstCare Health Plans. Mr. Hill holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Health Care Administration from Oregon State University s School of Public Health with a concentration in Operations Management and Business. 
 
 Judith Feld has served as the Company's Chief Medical Officer since July 2022. Dr. Feld previously served as the Company s Chief Clinical Strategy Officer from March 2022 to July 2022 and the Company s National Medical Director from June 2020 to March 2022. Dr. Feld brings over 30 years of experience to the role and is a Distinguished Life Fellow of the American Psychiatric Association, from whom she received the APA s Bruno Lima Award for Disaster Relief for her volunteer work in New Orleans with first responders following Hurricane Katrina. She also has been awarded significant grant funding to implement integrated care models in New York state. Dr. Feld holds an MD from the University of Pennsylvania, a Master of Public Health from SUNY Buffalo, and Master of Medical Management from USC Marshall School of Business. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Code of Ethics 
 
 Our Board of Directors has adopted a code of ethics applicable to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and persons performing similar functions. Our code of ethics is accessible on our website at http://www.ontrakhealth.com. Disclosure regarding any amendments to, or waivers from, provisions of the code of ethics will be included in a Current Report on Form 8-K within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. 
 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of our outstanding common stock, to file with the SEC, initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our equity securities. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all such reports they file. 
 
 To our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us regarding the filing of required reports, we believe that all Section 16(a) reports applicable to our directors, executive officers and greater-than-ten-percent beneficial owners with respect to fiscal 2022 were timely filed, except that a statement of change in beneficial ownership was filed late for Dr. Feld. 
 
 Anti-Hedging Policy 
 
 We have adopted an insider trading policy that includes a provision restricting trading of any interest or provision relating to the future price of our securities, such as a put, call or short sale. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 The following table sets forth the total compensation paid during the last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to the following Executive Officers of the Company, who are referred to as the Named Executive Officers : 
 
 Terren S. Peizer, our former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 Jonathan Mayhew, our former Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 Brandon H. LaVerne, our current Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer (3) 
 Mary Louise Osborne, our current President and Chief Commercial Officer (4) 
 
 Option All Other Bonus Award Compensation Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) ) )(5) )(6) Total ) Terren S. Peizer 
 2022 650,000 11,306 661,306 Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 2021 646,923 
 
 18,148 665,071 Jonathan E. Mayhew 
 2022 446,250 35,000 299,907 (7) 20,176 801,333 Former Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 2021 
 350,000 
 
 8,359,187 
 12,550 
 8,721,737 
 Brandon H. LaVerne 
 2022 400,000 
 146,710 (8) 40,436 587,146 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer (3) 2021 350,000 
 
 37,100 387,100 Mary Louise Osborne 
 2022 400,000 
 153,215 (9) 21,903 575,118 President and Chief Commercial Officer (4) 2021 
 114,423 
 87,500 
 817,866 
 
 1,019,789 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 __________ 
 (1) 
 Mr. Peizer was appointed to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on August 12, 2022, and will continue to serve as the Company s Chairman of the Board. Mr. Peizer previously served as the Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board from April 2021 to August 2022 and the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board from September 2003 to April 2021. On March 2, 2023, Mr. Peizer resigned as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. 
 (2) 
 Mr. Mayhew was appointed to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on April 12, 2021. On June 24, 2022, Mr. Mayhew gave notice of his resignation, effective August 12, 2022. 
 (3) 
 Mr. LaVerne was appointed to serve as the Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company on March 3, 2023, and will continue to serve as the Company s Chief Operating Officer and will no longer serve as Company s Co-President. Mr. LaVerne was previously appointed as the Co-President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company on June 27, 2022, and he previously served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 
 (4) 
 Ms. Osborne was appointed the President of the Company on March 3, 2023, and will continue to serve as the Company s Chief Commercial Officer. Ms. Osborne was previously appointed the Co-President and Chief Commercial Officer of the Company on June 27, 2022, and she previously served as the Company s Chief Customer Officer. 
 (5) 
 Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of option awards, valued in accordance with ASC 718, awarded to each of the named executive officers for each respective year. For a detailed discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of stock and option awards, please see Notes 2 and 10 of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (6) 
 Includes group medical and dental benefits, group life insurance premiums, accidental death, short-term and long-term disability insurance, 401(k) match in Company stock and parking, to the extent these amounts exceed 10,000 in the aggregate for each Named Executive Officer. (7) 
 Amount includes compensation expense of 213,377 related to the repricing of Mr. Mayhew s stock options that occurred in April 2022. 
 (8) 
 Amount includes compensation expense of 28,016 related to the repricing of Mr. LaVerne s stock options that occurred in April 2022. 
 (9) 
 Amount includes compensation expense of 45,338 related to the repricing of Ms. Osborne s stock options that occurred in April 2022. 

Narrative Disclosures to Summary Compensation Table 
 
 Executive Employment Agreements 
 
 Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 We entered into a five-year employment agreement with Mr. Peizer (formerly our Chief Executive Officer from August 2022 March 2023, Executive Chairman from April 2021 August 2022, and Chief Executive Officer from September 2003 April 2021), effective as of September 29, 2003, which automatically renews after each five-year term. Mr. Peizer s annual base salary is 650,000, effective January 1, 2021. Mr. Peizer is also eligible for an annual bonus targeted at 100 of his base salary based on goals and milestones established and reevaluated on an annual basis by mutual agreement between Mr. Peizer and the Board of Directors. Mr. Peizer did not receive any annual bonus during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. His base salary and bonus target will be adjusted each year to not be less than the median compensation of similarly positioned executives of similarly situated companies. Mr. Peizer receives executive benefits including group medical and dental insurance, term life insurance equal to 150 of his salary, accidental death, short-term and long-term disability insurance, and parking, grossed up for taxes. Mr. Peizer was not granted any equity awards during 2022 and 2021. In March 2023, Mr. Peizer resigned as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer 
 
 We entered into a three-year employment agreement with Mr. Mayhew dated April 12, 2021, with an option to renew for an additional three-year term unless terminated by either party within 90 days of the end of the original term. Mr. Mayhew s annual base salary is 525,000. Mr. Mayhew is also eligible for an annual bonus target of 100 of his base salary based upon achieving certain milestones. Mr. Mayhew received a bonus of 35,000 during the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022 and did not receive any bonus during the fiscal period ended December 31, 2021. Mr. Mayhew received executive benefits, including group medical and dental insurance, term life insurance, accidental death, short-term and long-term disability insurance, and 401(k) match in Company stock. Mr. Mayhew was granted 74,000 equity awards during 2022 and 400,000 equity awards during 2021. In addition, 400,000 equity awards previously granted to Mr. Mayhew in April 2021 were repriced in April 2022. In June 2022, Mr. Mayhew gave notice of his resignation, effective August 12, 2022. 

47 

Table of Contents 

 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 We entered into a three-year employment agreement with Mr. LaVerne dated July 26, 2022, with an option to renew for an additional three-year term unless terminated by either party within 90 days of the end of the original term. Mr. LaVerne s annual base salary is 450,000. Mr. LaVerne is also eligible for an annual bonus target of 100 of his base salary based upon achieving certain milestones. Mr. LaVerne did not receive an annual bonus during the fiscal periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Mr. LaVerne received executive benefits, including group medical and dental insurance, term life insurance, accidental death, short-term and long-term disability insurance, and 401(k) match in Company stock. Mr. LaVerne was granted 287,000 equity awards during 2022 and was not granted any equity awards during 2021. In addition, 150,000 equity awards previously granted to Mr. LaVerne in March 2020 were repriced in April 2022. All unvested options vest immediately in the event of a change in control. In the event that Mr. LaVerne is terminated without good cause or resigns for good reason, the option will continue to vest for a period of twelve months following the date of termination, he will receive continued payments of base salary for a period of six months from his date of termination and a lump sum payment equal to six months of his base salary plus a pro-rata share of any bonus earned for the year of termination which is payable on the six month anniversary of his termination and he will receive COBRA benefits for a period of twelve months. In March 2023, Mr. LaVerne was appointed the Interim Chief Executive Officer and continues to serve as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company. 

President and Chief Commercial Officer 
 
 We entered into a three-year employment agreement with Ms. Osborne dated July 26, 2022, with an option to renew for an additional three-year term unless terminated by either party within 90 days of the end of the original term. Ms. Osborne s annual base salary is 450,000. Ms. Osborne is also eligible for an annual bonus target of 100 of her base salary based upon achieving certain milestones and allows for overachievement to a maximum of 200 of her base salary. Ms. Osborne did not receive a bonus during the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022, and received a 87,500 bonus during the fiscal period ended December 31, 2021. Ms. Osborne received executive benefits, including group medical and dental insurance, term life insurance, accidental death, short-term and long-term disability insurance, and 401(k) match in Company stock. Ms. Osborne was granted 277,750 equity awards during 2022 and 100,000 equity awards during 2021. In addition, 100,000 equity awards previously granted to Ms. Osborne in August 2021 were repriced in April 2022. All unvested options shall vest immediately in the event of a change of control. In the event that Ms. Osborne is terminated without good cause or resigns for good reason, the option will continue to vest for a period of twelve months following the date of termination, she will receive continued payments of base salary for a period of six months from her date of termination and a lump sum payment equal to six months of her base salary plus a pro-rata share of any bonus earned for the year of termination which is payable on the six-month anniversary of her termination and she will receive COBRA benefits for a period of twelve months. In March 2023, Ms. Osborne was appointed the President and continues to serve as the Chief Commercial Officer of the Company. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
 The following table sets forth all outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022: 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Number of 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Underlying 
 Option 
 Unexercised 
 Unexercised 
 Exercise 
 Option 
 Options (#) 
 Options (#) 
 Price 
 Expiration 
 Name 
 Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 ) 
 Date 
 Terren S. Peizer 
 
 642,307 
 (1) 
 7.50 
 12/19/27 
 
 397,693 
 (1) 
 7.50 
 08/02/28 
 
 1,040,000 
 Brandon H. LaVerne 
 
 37,000 (2) 
 1.73 04/12/29 
 
 250,000 (3) 0.403 11/29/29 137,500 12,500 (4) 1.74 (6) 03/25/30 137,500 299,500 Mary Louise Osborne 
 
 27,750 (2) 
 1.73 04/12/29 
 
 250,000 (3) 0.403 11/29/29 33,334 66,666 (5) 1.74 (7) 08/30/31 33,334 334,416 
 ___________ 
 (1) 
 Mr. Peizer s options vest on January 1, 2023, if the Volume Weighted Average Price of our common stock is 15.00 for at least twenty trading days within a period of thirty consecutive trading days ending on the trading day prior to January 1, 2023. 
 (2) 
 One fourth of these stock options vest one-year from the date of grant and the remaining stock options vest equally each quarter thereafter over the remaining three years. 
 (3) 
 One fourth of these stock options vest one-year from the date of grant and the remaining stock options vest equally every six months thereafter over the remaining three years. 
 (4) 
 One third of these stock options vest one year from the date of grant and the remaining stock options vest equally each month thereafter over the next 24 months. 
 (5) 
 One fourth of these stock options vest one year from the date of grant and the remaining stock options vest equally each month thereafter over the next 36 months. 
 (6) 
 On April 20, 2022, Mr. LaVerne agreed to the repricing of an option previously granted to him on March 25, 2020. There was no change to the vesting schedule in connection with the repricing transaction. 
 (7) 
 On April 20, 2022, Ms. Osborne agreed to the repricing of an option previously granted to her on August 30, 2021. There was no change to the vesting schedule in connection with the repricing transaction. 

POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE-IN-CONTROL 
 
 Provisions of our employment and change of control arrangements with the named executive officers and our equity incentive plan or individual award agreements thereunder provide for certain payments to our named executive officers at or following or in connection with a termination of their employment or a change of control of the Company. 
 
 The agreements pursuant to which we granted stock options to our executive officers provide for full vesting of their unvested awards in the event of a change of control of our Company. 
 
 Under our stock incentive plans, a change of control is deemed to occur upon: 
 
 any persons becoming the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50 or more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities; 
 a merger or consolidation of the Company whether or not approved by the Board of Directors, which would result in more than 50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities; or 
 the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in a transaction requiring stockholder approval. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

The table below sets forth the estimated payments that would be made to each of our named executive officers upon voluntary termination, involuntary termination, a change of control, and death or permanent disability. The actual amounts to be paid out can only be determined at the time of such named executive officer s separation from the Company. The information set forth in the table assumes, as necessary: 
 
 the termination and/or the qualified change in control event occurred on December 31, 2022 (the last business day of our last completed fiscal year); and 
 the price per share of our common stock on the date of termination is 0.37 (the closing market price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on December 31, 2022). 
 
 Voluntary 
 Involuntary 
 Change of 
 Death or 
 Name 
 Termination 
 Termination 
 Control 
 Disability 
 Terren S. Peizer 
 Salary, Bonus and Benefits 
 608,770 (1) 5,534,278 (2) 608,770 (1) 
 625,606 (3) Acceleration of Equity Awards (4) 

Total 
 608,770 5,534,278 608,770 626,606 Brandon H. LaVerne 
 Salary, Bonus and Benefits 
 483,948 (5) Acceleration of Equity Awards (4) 

Total 
 483,948 Mary Louise Osborne 
 Salary, Bonus and Benefits 
 486,224 (6) Acceleration of Equity Awards (4) 

Total 
 486,224 
 ___________ (1) 
 Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Peizer would have received a lump sum amount of approximately 487,000 in accrued vacation grossed up for taxes upon a voluntary termination or a change in control. 
 (2) Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Peizer would have received three additional years of salary, three years bonus calculated at 100 of his salary, accrued vacation of approximately 487,000, COBRA benefits of approximately 40,500 grossed up for taxes upon an involuntary termination. (3) Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Peizer would have received a lump sum amount of approximately 487,000 in accrued vacation and 13,500 in COBRA benefits for the twelve months following termination grossed up for taxes upon the event of death or permanent disability. 
 (4) 
 Represents the value of stock options as of December 31, 2022 that would vest upon death or permanent disability, change of control or involuntary termination. Assumes that the vested options are immediately exercised, and the shares received upon exercise are immediately resold at the assumed per share price on the date of termination. As of December 31, 2022, all of the options are out-of-the money. 
 (5) Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement upon an involuntary termination, Mr. LaVerne would receive continued payments of base salary for a period of six months and on the six-month anniversary of his termination date a lump sum payment equal to six months base salary and COBRA benefits for twelve months following his date of termination. (6) Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement upon an involuntary termination, Ms. Osborne would receive continued payments of base salary for a period of six months and on the six-month anniversary of her termination date a lump sum payment equal to six months base salary and COBRA benefits for a period of up to twelve months following her date of termination. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 
 The following table provides information regarding compensation that was earned or paid to the individuals who served as non-employee directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. Except as set forth in the table, during 2022, directors did not earn nor receive cash compensation or compensation in the form of stock awards, option awards or any other form: 
 
 Option Awards 
 Name 
 ) (1) 
 Richard A. Berman 
 362,542 (8) Michael E. Sherman 
 364,677 (9) James M. Messina (2) 56,358 Edward J. Zecchini (3) 
 138,930 Diane Seloff (4) 
 138,930 Robert Rebak (5) 
 186,287 Gustavo A. Giraldo (6) 
 Katherine B. Quinn (7) 
 
 ____________ 
 (1) 
 Amounts reflect the compensation expense recognized in the Company s financial statements in 2022 for non-employee director stock options and restricted stock units, valued in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. As such, these amounts do not correspond to the compensation actually realized by each director for the period. 
 (2) 
 Mr. Messina was appointed as a member of our board of directors effective August 29, 2022. 
 (3) 
 On May 24, 2022, Mr. Zecchini notified us that he did not wish to stand for re-election to our board of directors at the Company s 2022 Annual Meeting. Mr. Zecchini continued to serve on the Company s board of directors until the 2022 Annual Meeting, which was held on August 29, 2022. 
 (4) 
 On May 24, 2022, Ms. Seloff notified us that she did not wish to stand for re-election to our board of directors at the Company s 2022 Annual Meeting. Ms. Seloff continued to serve on the Company s board of directors until the 2022 Annual Meeting, which was held on August 29, 2022. 
 (5) 
 Mr. Rebak resigned as a member of our board of directors effective August 25, 2022. 
 (6) 
 Mr. Giraldo resigned as a member of our board of directors effective February 11, 2022. 
 (7) 
 Ms. Quinn resigned as a member of our board of directors effective January 11, 2022. 
 (8) 
 Amount includes compensation expense of 71,265 related to the repricing of Mr. Berman s stock options that occurred in August 2022. (9) 
 Amount includes compensation expense of 54,872 related to the repricing of Mr. Sherman s stock options that occurred in August 2022. 
 
 Our directors are eligible to participate in our equity incentive plans, which are administered by our Compensation Committee under authority delegated by our board of directors. The terms and conditions of option grants to our non-employee directors under our equity incentive plans are and will be determined in the discretion of our Compensation Committee, consistent with the terms of the applicable plan. 2022 compensation to new board members and existing board members whose vesting had completed in 2021 were granted 170,000 worth of the Company s stock options, plus 20,000 for the Chairman of the Audit Committee and 12,500 for the Chairman of the Compensation Committee and 12,500 for the Chairman of the Nominations and Governance Committee, using the Black-Scholes model with the price struck on the date of grant and vest at the end of each quarter with quarterly vesting subject to attendance at the board meeting unless such absence is excused by the Chairman of the Board. New director grants are pro-rated based upon when they join the Board. In addition, directors who served on our board as of August 29, 2022, were granted 300,000 worth of restricted stock units RSU s which vest over three years, with half vesting one-year from the date of grant, and the remaining shares vesting equally on the second and third anniversary of the date of grant, subject to continued service on our board. We reimburse each of our directors for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that they incur in connection with attending board or committee meetings. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 Outstanding equity awards held by non-employee directors as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 
 Number of Number of Number of Market Value of Securities Securities Securities Securities Underlying Underlying Grand Date Underlying Underlying Unexercised Unexercised Option Fair Market Stock Awards Stock Awards Options Options Exercise Value Options That Have That Have Grant Date Exercisable (#) Unexercisable (#) Price ) Outstanding ) Not Vested (#)(8) Not Vested )(8) Richard A. Berman 08/29/2022 (1) 41,667 (1) 0.6511 (1)(5) 502,500 (6) 08/29/2022 (1) 66,924 (1) 0.6511 (1)(5) 112,123 (6) 08/29/2022 (1) 41,438 (1) 0.6511 (1) 162,890 (6) 08/29/2022 (1) 16,094 (1) 0.6511 (1) 126,840 (6) 08/29/2022 (1) 4,882 (1) 0.6511 (1) 213,318 (6) 08/29/2022 (1) 54,856 (1) 0.6511 (1) 288,871 (6) 08/29/2022 (2) 460,759 (2) 299,493 Michael E. Sherman 08/29/2022 (1) 61,040 (1) 0.6511 (1)(5) 102,260 (7) 08/29/2022 (1) 37,794 (1) 0.6511 (1)(5) 148,566 (7) 08/29/2022 (1) 16,630 (1) 0.6511 (1) 131,064 (7) 08/29/2022 (1) 5,010 (1) 0.6511 (1) 218,911 (7) 08/29/2022 (1) 56,299 (1) 0.6511 (1) 296,470 (7) 08/29/2022 (2) 460,759 (2) 299,493 James M. Messina (3) 08/29/2022 (4) 16,360 (4) 0.6511 (4) 6,443 08/29/2022 (2) 299,493 460,759 (2) 299,493 
 ___________ 
 (1) 
 At the Company s 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2022 Annual Meeting held on August 29, 2022, the stockholders approved a director retention plan (the Director Retention Plan ). Under the terms of the Director Retention Plan, all stock options previously granted to the directors standing for reelection were repriced (the Repriced Options and such portion of the Repriced Options became entirely unvested and 100 of the Repriced Options will vest on the earlier of the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or one year from the date of the 2022 Annual Meeting. (2) 
 On August 29, 2023, the three remaining directors of the Company each received 300,000 RSU s for their continued service on our Board. The RSU s vest over three years, with half vesting one-year from the date of grant, and the remaining shares vesting equally on the second and third anniversary of the date of grant, subject to continued service on our board. (3) 
 Mr. Messina joined the Company s board on August 29, 2022. 
 (4) 
 Mr. Messina was granted his pro-rata share of options for his service during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 (5) In accordance with the Director Retention Plan, the expiration date of this Repriced Option was extended to December 19, 2027. 
 (6) 
 In accordance with the Director Retention Plan, additional fair market value of 71,265 was calculated and will be expensed equally each month through August 2023. 
 (7) 
 In accordance with the Director Retention Plan, additional fair market value of 54,872 was calculated and will be expensed equally each month through August 2023. 
 (8) 
 These columns represent amounts related to awards of restricted stock units. 

There were a total of 1,801,274 stock options and RSU s outstanding to non-employee directors as of December 31, 2022, with an aggregate grant date fair value of 3.3 million, the last of which vest in August 2025. There were 1,509,792 stock options and RSU s granted to non-employee directors during 2022 and 18,628 stock options and RSU s granted to non-employee directors during 2021. In addition, there were 402,637 stock options repriced in August 2022. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 
 The following table provides certain aggregate information with respect to all of the Company s equity compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2022: Plan Category 
 (a) 
 Number of securities 
 to be issued upon 
 exercise of outstanding 
 options, warrants and 
 right 
 
 (b) 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights (2) 
 (c) 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future issuance under equity 
 compensation plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in column (a)) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 6,345,048 
 3.54 1,610,731 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 6,345,048 3.54 1,610,731 
 ___________ 
 (1) We adopted our 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan in 2017. In August 2018, stockholders approved an amendment to the 2017 Plan to provide for an additional 1,400,000 shares to be issued in connection with awards granted thereunder (the 2017 Amended Plan ). Under the 2017 Amended Plan, we can grant incentive stock options, non-qualified stock option, restricted and unrestricted stock awards and other stock-based awards. As of December 31, 2022, there were 1,610,731 equity awards remaining reserved for future issuance under the 2017 Plan. 
 (2) The weighted average exercise price is calculated based solely on outstanding stock options. It does not take into account the shares of our common stock underlying restricted stock units, which have no exercise price. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 Currently, our Compensation Committee consists of Messrs. Michael Sherman, Richard Berman and James Messina. No member of the Compensation Committee, nor any of our Named Executive Officers, has a relationship that would constitute an interlocking relationship with executive officers or directors of another entity. 
 
 No member of our Compensation Committee is or has been an officer or employee of the Company. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the Board or Compensation Committee (or other Board committee performing equivalent functions) of any entity that has one or more of its executive officers serving on our Board or Compensation Committee. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 12, 2023 for (a) each stockholder known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our common stock (b) our named executive officers listed in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table, (c) each of our directors, and (d) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. We deem shares of common stock that may be acquired by an individual or group within 60 days of April 12, 2023 pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the table. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown to be beneficially owned by them based on information provided to us by these stockholders. Percentage of ownership is based on 29,320,248 shares of common stock outstanding on April 12, 2023. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Total 
 Shares 
 common 
 Common 
 beneficially 
 stock 
 Percent 
 stock 
 owned 
 beneficially 
 of 
 Name of beneficial owner (1) 
 owned (2) 
 (3) 
 owned 
 class (3) 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers: 
 Terren S. Peizer (4) 11,891,933 90,762,222 102,654,155 85.5 Jonathan E. Mayhew (5) 177,778 177,778 Richard A. Berman (6) 
 63,797 63,797 
 Michael E. Sherman (7) 
 15,550 80,337 95,887 
 James M. Messina (8) 77,794 77,794 
 Brandon H. LaVerne (9) 44,140 159,260 203,400 
 Mary Louise Osborne (10) 
 32,335 50,688 83,023 
 All current directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) 
 164,906 586,035 750,941 2.5 
 
 ___________ Less than 1 (1) Except as set forth below, the mailing address of all individuals listed is c/o Ontrak, Inc., 2200 Paseo Verde Parkway, Suite 280, Henderson, NV 89052. (2) The number of shares beneficially owned includes shares of common stock in which a person has sole or shared voting power and/or sole or shared investment power and shares of common stock acquirable within 60 days of April 12, 2023 upon exercise of options or warrants. Except as noted in other footnotes to this table, each person named has sole voting and investment powers with respect to the common stock beneficially owned by that person, subject to applicable community property and similar laws. (3) Shares of common stock that may be acquired by an individual or group within 60 days of April 12, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Percentage of ownership is based on 29,320,248 shares of common stock outstanding on April 12, 2023. (4) On March 2, 2023, Mr. Peizer resigned as the Company's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Shares presented are based on Schedule 13D/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2023 by Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC and Terren S. Peizer. Total common stock beneficially owned consists of: (i) 11,891,933 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 42,222,222 shares of common stock, which are held of record by Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC ("Acuitas"), a limited liability company 100 owned by Terren S. Peizer; (ii) convertible debt which is convertible into 47,500,000 shares of common stock issuable to Acuitas Capital LLC, an entity wholly owned by Acuitas; and (ii) options to purchase 1,040,000 shares of common stock. The address for Acuitas Group Holdings, LLC and Terren S. Peizer is 200 Dorado Beach Drive, #3831, Dorado, Puerto Rico, 00646. 
 (5) On June 24, 2022, Mr. Mayhew gave notice of his resignation, effective August 12, 2022. Shares presented includes options to purchase 177,778 shares of our common stock, which options were vested as of August 12, 2022 with a term of 90 days from August 12, 2022 to exercise such options. These options expired at the end of the 90 day term with no options exercised. (6) Includes options to purchase 63,797 shares of common stock, which are exercisable within the next 60 days. (7) Consists of 15,550 shares of common stock and options to purchase 80,337 shares of common stock, which are exercisable within the next 60 days. (8) Includes options to purchase 77,794 shares of common stock, which are exercisable within the next 60 days. (9) Total common stock beneficially owned consists of 20,000 shares of common stock, 24,140 shares of common stock held under the Company s 401(k) plan, and options to purchase 159,250 shares of common stock. (10) Total common stock beneficially owned consists of 20,000 shares of common stock, 12,335 shares of common stock held under the Company s 401(k) plan, and options to purchase 50,688 shares of common stock. 
 __________ 

54 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Director Independence 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market. The Board of Directors has determined that three of the members of the Board of Directors qualify as independent, as defined by the listing standards of the NASDAQ. Consistent with these considerations, after review of all relevant transactions and relationships between each director, or any of his family members, and the Company, its senior management and its independent auditors, the Board has determined further that Messrs. Berman, Sherman and Messina are independent under the listing standards of NASDAQ. In making this determination, the Board of Directors considered that there were no new transactions or relationships between its current independent directors and the Company, its senior management and its independent auditors since last making this determination. 
 
 Each member of our Board of Directors serving on our Audit, Compensation and Nominations and Governance committees is independent within the meaning of the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The following table presents fees for professional audit services rendered by EisnerAmper LLP EisnerAmper for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and fees billed for other services rendered during those periods: 
 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 
 
 367,988 
 262,000 Audit-related fees (2) 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 
 367,988 
 262,000 
 _________ 
 (1) Audit fees consisted of audit work performed in the preparation of financial statements, as well as work generally only the independent registered public accounting firm can reasonably be expected to provide, such as statutory audits. 
 (2) Fees relating to due diligence services related to acquisition. 
 
 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-audit Services of Independent Public Accountant 
 
 Consistent with SEC policies regarding auditor independence, the Audit Committee has responsibility for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has established a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 Prior to engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm for the next year s audit, management will submit an aggregate of services expected to be rendered during that year for each of four categories of services to the Audit Committee for approval. 
 
 1. Audit services include audit work performed in the preparation of financial statements, as well as work that generally only an independent registered public accounting firm can reasonably be expected to provide, including comfort letters, statutory audits, and attest services and consultation regarding financial accounting and/or reporting standards. 
 
 2. Audit-Related services are for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed by an independent registered public accounting firm, including due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions, employee benefit plan audits, and special procedures required to meet certain regulatory requirements. 
 
 3. Tax services include all services performed by an independent registered public accounting firm s tax personnel except those services specifically related to the audit of the financial statements, and includes fees in the areas of tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

4. Other Fees are those associated with services not captured in the other categories. The Company generally does not request such services from our independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 Prior to engagement, the Audit Committee pre-approves these services by category of service. The fees are budgeted and the Audit Committee requires our independent registered public accounting firm and management to report actual fees versus the budget periodically throughout the year by category of service. During the year, circumstances may arise when it may become necessary to engage our independent registered public accounting firm for additional services not contemplated in the original pre-approval. In those instances, the Audit Committee requires specific pre-approval before engaging our independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member to whom such authority is delegated must report, for informational purposes only, any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1),(2) Financial Statements 
 The Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules listed on page F-1 of this document are filed as part of this filing. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report: 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 Description 
 1.1 At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, between Ontrak, Inc. and B Riley FBR, Inc . incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on November 5, 2021) . 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Catasys, Inc., incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Catasys, Inc. s Definitive Schedule 14 C filed with the SEC on October 4, 2019. 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, filed July 6, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2020). 
 3.3 By-Laws of Catasys, Inc., a Delaware corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 of Catasys, Inc s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 22, 2019. 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ontrak, Inc., effective July 6, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2020). 
 3.5 Certificate of Designations regarding 9.50 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 21, 2020) 
 3.6 Amendment No. 1 to Certificate of Designations regarding 9.50 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 16, 2020). 
 3.7 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated February 21, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on Febru ary 22, 2023). 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to exhibit of the same number to Catasys Inc. s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2005, on March 16, 2016. 
 4.2 Purchase Warrant for Common Shares issued in favor of Special Situations Investing Group II, LLC, dated September 24, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Catasys, Inc.'s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2019. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 4.3 Description of Securities incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of Ontrak, Inc.'s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2020 on March 9, 2021. 
 4.4 Form of Purchase Warrant for Common Shares in favor of Special Situations Investing Group II, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2022. 
 4.5 Form of Senior Secured Note issuable under Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2022, by and between Ontrak, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as party thereto as guarantors, and Acuitas Capital LLC, as purchaser, and the collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2022. 
 4.6 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Note issuable under Second Amendment to Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2022, by and between Ontrak, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as party thereto as guarantors, and Acuitas Capital LLC, as purchaser and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 21, 2022. 
 4.7 Form of Purchase Warrant for Common Shares issuable under Second Amendment to Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2022, by and between Ontrak, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as party thereto as guarantors, and Acuitas Capital LLC, as purchaser and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 21, 2022. 
 4.8 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Note issuable under Third Amendment to Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2022, by and between Ontrak, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as party thereto as guarantors, and Acuitas Capital LLC, as purchaser and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 8- K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023. 
 4.9 Form of Purchase Warrant for Common Shares issuable under Third Amendment to Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2022, by and between Ontrak, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as party thereto as guarantors, and Acuitas Capital LLC, as purchaser and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 8- K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023. 
 10.1# 
 Employment Agreement between Catasys, Inc. and Terren S. Peizer, dated September 29, 2003, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Catasys Inc. s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2005, on March 16, 2016. 
 10.2# Form of Stock Option Grant Notice incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 of Catasys, Inc. s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2015. 
 10.3# 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit B of Catasys, Inc. s Preliminary Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed with the SEC on February 28, 2017. 
 10.4# Employment Agreement dated March 16, 2020 by and between the Company and Mr. Brandon LaVerne, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2020 . 
 10.5 # Employment Agreement dated July 26, 2022 by and between the Company and Brandon LaVerne. 
 10.6# Employment Agreement by and between Ontrak, Inc. and Mary Louise Osborne, dated August 10, 2021, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10, 2021. 
 10.7# Employment Agreement by and between Ontrak, Inc. and Arik Hill, dated August 11, 2021, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021. 
 10.8 Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2022, by and between Ontrak, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as party thereto as guarantors, and Acuitas Capital LLC, as purchaser and the collateral agent incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2022 . 
 10.9 Letter Agreement dated July 15, 2022, between Ontrak, Inc., and Acuitas Capital LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 21, 2022). 
 10.10 Letter Agreement dated August 26, 2022, between Ontrak, Inc. and Acuitas Capital LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022). 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 10.11 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2022). 
 10.12 Form of Placement Agency Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2022). 
 10.13 First Amendment to Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2022, by and between Ontrak, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as party thereto as guarantors, Acuitas Capital LLC, as purchaser and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent. 
 10.14 Second Amendment to Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2022, by and between Ontrak, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as party thereto as guarantors, Acuitas Capital LLC, as purchaser and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 21, 2022. 
 10.15 Third Amendment to Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2022, by and between Ontrak, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as party thereto as guarantors, and Acuitas Capital LLC, as purchaser and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Ontrak, Inc.'s Form 8- K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023. 
 10.16 Stockholders Agreement made and entered into as of February 21, 2023, by and between Ontrak, Inc. and Acuitas Capital LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2023). 
 10.17 # Employment Agreement dated July 26, 2022 by and between Ontrak, Inc. and James J. Park. 
 10.18 # Employment Agreement dated July 26, 2022 by and between Ontrak, Inc. and Judith Feld. 
 14.1 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, updated and approved by the Board of Directors in May 2021 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm EisnerAmper LLP . 
 31.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13-a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13-a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 
 ____________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ONTRAK, INC. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ BRANDON H. LAVERNE Brandon H. LaVerne Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title(s) Date /s/ BRANDON H. LAVERNE Interim Chief Executive Officer April 17, 2023 Brandon H. LaVerne (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ JAMES J. PARK Chief Financial Officer April 17, 2023 James J. Park (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ MICHAEL SHERMAN Chairman of the Board of Directors April 17, 2023 Michael Sherman /s/ RICHARD A. BERMAN Director April 17, 2023 Richard Berman /s/ JAMES M. MESSINA Director April 17, 2023 James M. Messina 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 ONTRAK, INC. 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID Number 
 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 20 2 2 and 20 21 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 20 2 2 and 20 21 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for Years Ended December 31, 20 2 2 and 20 21 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 20 2 2 and 20 21 
 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Ontrak, Inc., 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ontrak, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Calculation of variable consideration related to price concessions 
 
 As described further in Note 2 to the financial statements, the variable contract revenue is recognized at the amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for providing services directly to customers. The transaction price of the Company s revenue contract is variable as it is calculated net of estimated price concessions. Management estimates the value of variable consideration based upon historical experience and other factors, including evaluation of expected adjustments, past adjustments and collection experience in relation to amounts billed, current contract and reimbursement terms. As disclosed by Management, the evaluation of these historical and other factors involves complex, subjective judgements. 
 
 We identified the calculation of variable consideration related to price concessions as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgment and estimation required by management in their process. These estimates require the consideration of key assumptions such as insurance coverage levels which has estimation uncertainty. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in applying the procedures related to those assumptions. 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures also included, among others, (i) obtaining an understanding of management s process and evaluating the design of controls over management s calculation of variable consideration related to price concessions, as well as the relevance and use of historical experience data as an input into the estimate, (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the input data, (iii) evaluating the historical accuracy of management s process for developing the estimate of the amount which will ultimately be collected and (iv) developing an independent expectation of the amount expected to be collected. We used a retrospective approach that includes historical sales and collection data in developing our independent expectations and in testing management s process. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

April 17, 2023 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

 ONTRAK, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash - current Receivables, net Unbilled receivables Deferred costs - current Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term assets: Property and equipment, net Restricted cash - long-term Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Deferred revenue Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt, net Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term finance lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at each of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 ONTRAK, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Restructuring, severance and related costs Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) Other expense, net ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Net loss ) ) Dividends on preferred stock - declared and undeclared ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders Net loss per common share - basic and diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 ONTRAK, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Preferred dividends declared ) ) Common stock issued in ATM offering, net Common stock issued relating to settlement of contingent consideration Warrants exercised Stock options exercised and restricted stock units vested, net of taxes 401(k) employer match Stock-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Preferred dividends declared ) ) Common stock issued relating to registered direct offering, net Common stock issued relating to settlement of contingent consideration Common stock issued for financing and consulting services Warrants issued Restricted stock units vested, net of taxes ) ) 401(k) employer match Stock-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 ONTRAK, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation expense Write-off of debt issuance costs Restructuring and related costs Paid-in-kind interest expense Write-off of other asset Depreciation expense Amortization expense Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan ) Change in fair value of warrants ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration 401(k) employer match in common shares Common stock issued for consulting services Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables Unbilled receivables Prepaid and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue ) ) Lease liabilities ) ) Other accrued liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Repayment of 2024 Notes ) ) Proceeds from Keep Well Notes Proceeds from issuance of common stock Common stock issuance costs ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Proceed from warrant exercise Proceed from options exercise Payment of taxes related to net-settled stock awards ) ) Finance lease obligations ) ) Financed insurance premium payments ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and restricted cash ) ) Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Non-cash financing and investing activities: Common stock issued in connection with Keep Well Agreement Warrants issued in connection with 2024 Notes Warrants issued in connection with Keep Well Notes Accrued debt issuance costs Common stock issued to settle contingent liability Financed insurance premiums Finance lease and accrued purchases of property and equipment 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 ONTRAK, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1. 

Note 2. 
 
 segment. 
 
 The Company provides services to commercial (employer funded), managed Medicare Advantage, managed Medicaid and duel eligible (Medicare and Medicaid) populations to generate revenues. The Company also provides mental health and wellbeing support to members of employer customers under our LifeDojo wellbeing solution. The Company aims to increase the number of members that are eligible for its solutions by signing new contracts and identifying more eligible members in existing contracts. 
 
 We have incurred significant net losses and negative operating cash flows since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur net losses and negative operating cash flow, in part due to the negative impact on our operations resulting from customer terminations. As of December 31, 2022, our cash and restricted cash was million (see discussion about the availability of restricted cash in Note 3 below) and we had working capital of approximately million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our average monthly cash flow from operations burn rate was million. Throughout the year ended December 31, 2022 and subsequently in March 2023, as part of the Company's continued cost saving measures to reduce its operating costs and to better align with its previously stated strategic initiatives, our management completed a series of reduction in workforce and vendor cost optimization plans. As a result, the Company expects the full effect of these plans will be realized in 2023 and beyond, and decrease our operating costs and improve average monthly cash flow from operations. These cost optimization plans are necessary to right size our business commensurate with our current customer base. 
 
 In addition to revenue from business operations, our primary source of working capital is the Keep Well Agreement, which has million of principal borrowing capacity remaining as of December 31, 2022 million borrowed on each of January and March 2023). We may also be able to raise capital through equity financings, however, when we can affect such sales and the amount of shares we can sell depends on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of our common stock and our determination as to the appropriate sources of funding for our operations. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization expense relating to deferred commission costs was million and million, respectively. 
 The Company's cash balance does not contain any cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Computers and equipment - 
 Right of use assets - finance leases Leasehold improvements 
 
 . 
 
 reporting unit and the fair value of the reporting unit is estimated using quoted market prices in active markets of the Company s stock. The implied fair value of goodwill is compared to the carrying value of goodwill as of the testing date, and an impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its implied fair value, if any. The Company conducted its annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2022 and determined that impairment of goodwill existed. 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

Total assets Contingent consideration (2) 
 Warrant liabilities (3) Total liabilities 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 Level I Level II Level III Total Letter of credit (1) 
 Total assets Contingent consideration (2) 
 Total liabilities 
 ___________________ 
 (1) Amounts relating to letter of credit were included in "Restricted cash - long term" on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) Contingent consideration was included in "Other accrued liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (3) Relates to Ticking Warrants issued as of December 31, 2022 in connection with the Eight Amendment executed on March 8, 2022, as discussed in Note 9 below, and included in "Other accrued liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Financial instruments classified as Level III in the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 represent liabilities measured at market value on a recurring basis and include warrant liabilities relating to Ticking Warrants issued in connection 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

 Change in fair value Settlement of contingent consideration ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Settlement of contingent consideration ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The million and million of contingent consideration liability, relating to a stock price guarantee in our acquisition of LifeDojo Inc. completed in October 2020, was included in "Other accrued liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We recorded loss of million resulting from changes in fair value of the contingent consideration relating to a stock price guarantee in "Other expense, net" on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. On October 28, 2021, which was the completion date of the measurement period, the Company determined that the fair value of the contingent consideration was million. The million of contingent consideration liability remaining as of December 31, 2022 relates to shares of common stock remaining to be issued, pending response for stockholder information. 
 Risk-free interest rate Weighted average expected life (in years) Dividend yield 
 
 Warrants issued - Ticking Warrants Gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain of million related to change in the fair value of warrant liabilities in "Other expense, net" on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

period), (b) - of the foregoing costs, and (c) any performance bonus amount, as determined by TIH at its sole discretion. The Company's management fee is subordinate to payment of the entities obligations. 
 CIH pays the Company a monthly fee equal to the aggregate amount of (a) its costs of providing management services (including reasonable overhead allocated to the delivery of its services and including salaries, rent, equipment, and tenant improvements incurred for the benefit of the entity, provided that any capitalized costs will be amortized over a period), and (b) any performance bonus, as determined by CIH at its sole discretion. 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

Accounts receivable Unbilled accounts receivable Prepaid and other current assets Total assets Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Payables to Ontrak Total liabilities 
 For more information about concentration of our accounts receivable and revenue, see Note 4 below. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3. 

Restricted cash - current: Dividend payments on preferred stock (1) Subtotal - Restricted cash - current Restricted cash - long term: Letter of credit (2) Cash required per note agreement (3) Subtotal - Restricted cash - long term Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ____________ 
 (1) Represents the amount remaining in an account funded with a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Series A Preferred Stock for the payment of dividends thereon until August 2022. The use of such funds for the payment of such dividends is subject to compliance with applicable laws. Also, the Company s board of directors may determine that the use of such funds for other corporate purposes is required pursuant to the exercise of their fiduciary duties to the Company s common stockholders. 
 (2) LOC required as part of our Santa Monica, CA office lease. 
 (3) Cash required to be maintained in our accounts per the 2024 Note agreement, which loan balance was fully repaid in July 2022. 

Note 4. 
 
 Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E Remaining Customers Total 
 The following table is a summary of concentration of credit risk by customer accounts receivables as a percentage of our total accounts receivable: 
 
 At December 31, Percentage of Accounts Receivable 2022 2021 Customer B Customer A Customer E Remaining customers Total 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

 bad debt expense in each of the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 On February 26, 2021, the Company received a termination notice from Customer E and working with this customer on a transition plan, we completed the participation of this customer's members in the program as of December 31, 2021. In addition, on August 18, 2021, the Company received a termination notice from Customer D of their intent not to continue the program past December 31, 2021. All members relating to Customers D and E have completed their participation in the program as of December 31, 2021. As a result of these termination notices, in March and November 2021, the Company s management assessed various options and deemed it prudent to initiate workforce reduction plans to effectively align its resources and manage its operating costs. As of December 31, 2021, million of accrued termination related costs related to these workforce reduction plans was outstanding as part of "Other accrued liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, there was amount outstanding relating to such accrued termination related costs. See Note 6 below for information on a further workforce reduction plan approved in August 2022. 
 
 In September 2021, the Company agreed to a contract modification with a current customer to credit certain fees in order to align with the customer's program spend, which was recorded as a cumulative adjustment, and was not considered to be significant for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Note 5. 
 
 Computers and equipment ROU assets - finance lease Leasehold improvements Software development in progress Subtotal Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Total depreciation and amortization expense relating to property and equipment presented above was million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company wrote-off million, net, relating to computers, equipment, software and software development in progress that were identified as obsolete and no longer in use, and included as part of "Restructuring, severance and related costs" on our consolidated statements of operations. See Note 6 below for more information. 
 
 Capitalized Internal Use Software Costs 
 
 million and million, respectively, of costs relating to development of internal use software and recorded approximately million and million, respectively, of amortization expense relating to these capitalized internal use software costs. 

Note 6. 
 
 of positions, in order to reduce its operating costs and help align with its previously stated strategic initiatives. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a total of approximately million of termination benefits to the impacted employees, including severance payments and benefits, recorded as part of "Restructuring, severance and related costs" on our condensed consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company paid a total of 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 million of the total million of termination benefits and million of accrued termination related costs remained outstanding as part of "Other accrued liabilities" on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 In November 2021, the Company approved a restructuring plan as part of management's cost saving measures in order to reduce its operating costs, optimize its business model and help align with its previously stated strategic initiatives. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred a total of approximately million of restructuring, severance and related costs. The restructuring plan included the following: 
 
 Technology strategy - the Company made a change in its technology enhancement plan to provide enhanced functionality in a more cost effective and timely manner, resulting in abandonment of internally-developed software and write-off of obsolete assets, including software development in progress, computers, equipment, other assets and contract costs, which totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 ROU operating lease asset impairment - the Company approved a plan for its headquarter office-based employees to work 100 remotely on a permanent basis and entered into an agreement with a broker to list the entire office space for sublease and determined an impairment charge of million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to reduce the carrying value of the ROU operating lease asset to its estimated fair value. Significant assumptions used to estimate fair value were the current economic environment, real estate market conditions and general market participant assumptions. 
 million of termination benefits for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the workforce reductions initiated in March and November 2021. As of December 31, 2021, we paid million of the total million of termination benefits and million of accrued termination related costs remained outstanding as part of "Other accrued liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheet. 

Note 7. 
 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Total ) ) 

Amortization expense for intangible assets was million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 2024 2025 Total 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8.) ) Dividends on preferred stock - declared and undeclared ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 
 
 Options to purchase common stock Total shares excluded from net loss per share 
 Equity Offerings 
 Common Stock 
 On August 2, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors for the purchase and sale of shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of per share in a registered direct offering. The offering closed on August 4, 2022 and the Company received total net proceeds of approximately million (excluding approximately million of fees and expenses). The Company used the net proceeds from the offering for working capital purposes. 
 On September 2, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Keep Well Agreement, as discussed in Note 9, the Company issued shares of common stock to Acuitas subsequent to obtaining stockholder approval on August 29, 2022 at the annual shareholder meeting. 
 In November 2021, the Company entered into an at-the market ("ATM") agreement with a designated broker under which we may, from time to time, sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million. During November and December 2021, we sold shares of our common stock under the ATM agreement, resulting in total gross proceeds of million million, net of commission and fees). The million of net proceeds from this ATM offering of our common stock was used to pay down a portion of the outstanding loan balance of our 2024 Notes. 
 In November 2021, the Company issued a total of unregistered, restricted shares of our common stock as consideration for the payment of a portion of the million stock price guarantee contingent liability, which was related to our acquisition of LifeDojo, Inc. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (the "Series A Preferred Stock"), which is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "OTRKP." The Company, generally, may not redeem the Series A Preferred Stock until August 25, 2025, except upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event or Change of Control (as defined in the Certificate of Designations establishing the Series A Preferred Stock), and on and after August 25, 2025, the Company may, at its option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. The Series A Preferred Stock has no maturity date and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless redeemed by the Company or exchanged for shares of common stock in connection with a Delisting Event or Change of Control. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock generally have no voting rights, but will have limited voting rights if the Company fails to pay dividends for six or more quarters, whether or not declared or consecutive) and in certain other events. 
 
 per annum of the per share liquidation preference (equivalent to per annum per share or per quarter per share). Dividends, if and when declared by our Board of Directors, are payable quarterly in arrears, every February 28, May 30, August 31, and November 30, as applicable. In 2021, our Board of Directors declared each of the four quarterly dividends on the Company's Series A Preferred Stock for shareholders of record on each respective quarterly record date of 2021. In 2022, our Board of Directors declared the first quarterly dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock for shareholders of record on February 15, 2022 and paid cash dividends on February 28, 2022. Thereafter, no dividends have been declared by our Board of Directors in 2022. As such, at December 31, 2022, we had total undeclared dividends of million. 

Note 9. 
 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes (the "Initial 2024 Notes"). In August 2020, the Company issued an additional million principal amount of senior secured notes as provided under the additional note purchase commitment of the Note Agreement (together with the Initial 2024 Notes, the "2024 Notes"). On March 8, 2022, the Company entered into an Eight Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement with the Holders (the "Eighth Amendment"), which among other things, amended certain financial covenants intended to increase the Company's financial flexibility, a prepayment of million of the outstanding loan balance without the incurrence of a yield maintenance premium or prepayment fee, which prepayment was made by the Company on March 8, 2022, placed restrictions on the declaration and payment of dividends on the Company's Series A Preferred Stock until after December 31, 2022, and elimination of LIBOR as a reference rate such that the 2024 Notes only bear interest at the Base Rate, as defined in the Note Agreement, going forward. During the first half of 2022, the Company prepaid a total of million (including the above mentioned million) of the 2024 Notes, and wrote off million of debt issuance costs related to the 2024 Notes. 
 On July 15, 2022, the Company entered into a payoff letter agreement with the Holders of our 2024 Notes, pursuant to which the Company paid in full the outstanding loan balance under the 2024 Notes of approximately million, which included million of accrued interest as of July 15, 2022. The Company funded the payoff with million of its cash on hand and million of borrowing under the Keep Well Agreement, as discussed below. All obligations owing by the Company and the other Note Parties (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) under the Note Purchase Agreement were released, discharged and satisfied in full, the Note Purchase Agreement and all other Note Documents (as defined in the Note Agreement) were terminated (other than those provisions therein that expressly survive termination), and all liens securing the Company s obligations under the Note Agreement were released. In July 2022, the Company wrote off the remaining million of debt issuance costs related to the 2024 Notes. 
 
 In connection with entering into the Eighth Amendment, the Company issued to Special Situations Investing Group II, LLC (the Holder ), a Purchase Warrant for Common Shares (the Amendment Warrant pursuant to which the Holder may purchase shares of the Company s common stock in an aggregate amount of up shares. Also, the Company agreed to issue to the Holder, beginning March 31, 2022 and until the earlier of (i) date the 2024 Notes have been paid in full and (ii) October 31, 2022, additional warrants (each a Ticking Warrant and together with the Amendment Warrant, the Warrants ), having the same 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 , to be calculated based on the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the five ) trading day period immediately preceding the date such Ticking Warrant is issued, not to exceed of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock on the date of the Eighth Amendment. The Warrants were offered and sold to the Holder in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act. The Warrants may be exercised by the Holder at an exercise price equal to per share and will expire on September 24, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, Ticking Warrants issued to the Holder to purchase shares of the Company's common stock were outstanding. The Company assessed and separated the Warrants into liability and equity components, wherein the Amendment Warrant qualified for equity classification and the Ticking Warrants qualified for liability classification. See Notes 2 and 10 for more information. 
 
 Keep Well Agreement 
 
 On April 15, 2022, the Company entered into a Master Note Purchase Agreement (the Original Keep Well Agreement with Acuitas Capital LLC Acuitas Capital ), an entity indirectly wholly owned and controlled by Terren S. Peizer, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. On August 12, 2022, the Company and Acuitas Capital entered into an amendment to the Original Keep Well Agreement in connection with the appointment of a collateral agent under the Original Keep Well Agreement (the First Amendment ). On November 19, 2022, the Company and Acuitas Capital entered into a further amendment to the Original Keep Well Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment (the Second Amendment ), and on December 30, 2022, the Company and Acuitas Capital entered into a further amendment to the Original Keep Well Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment and the Second Amendment (the Third Amendment ). The Company refers to the Original Keep Well Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment, the Second Amendment and the Third Amendment, as the Keep Well Agreement and to Acuitas Capital, together with any of its transferees or affiliates under the Keep Well Agreement, as Acuitas. 
 
 The Original Keep Well Agreement 
 
 Under the terms of the Original Keep Well Agreement, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent (some of which are described below), the Company could borrow from Acuitas up to million, and in connection with each such borrowing, the Company agreed to issue to Acuitas a senior secured note (each, a Keep Well Note with a principal amount equal to the amount borrowed. Subject to obtaining approval of the Company s stockholders as required by applicable Nasdaq listing rules, which approval was obtained at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders held on August 29, 2022 (the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ), in connection with each Keep Well Note issued by the Company, the Company agreed to issue to Acuitas a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock (each, a Keep Well Warrant ). The number of shares of the Company s common stock underlying each Keep Well Warrant would be equal to (y) the product of the principal amount of the applicable Keep Well Note and divided by (z) the exercise price of the applicable Keep Well Warrant, which was per share, the Nasdaq Official Closing Price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) of the Company s common stock immediately preceding the time the parties entered into the Original Keep Well Agreement. The maturity date of the Keep Well Notes was September 1, 2023. 
 
 The conditions precedent to the Company s ability to borrow, and Acuitas obligation to lend, under the Original Keep Well Agreement included that (x) the Company have used best efforts to obtain sufficient financing from a third party for the Company to pay and discharge, when due and payable, its obligations, (y) the Company be unable despite its best efforts to obtain such financing from a third party on reasonably acceptable terms, and (z) (1) absent obtaining the funds requested by the Company to borrow under the Original Keep Well Agreement, the Company would not have sufficient unrestricted cash to pay and discharge all of its obligations then due or scheduled to become due within the days following the date of the borrowing request, and (2) there be no conditions or events that, when considered in the aggregate, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through August 15, 2023 (the Funding Condition ). 
 
 In connection with entering into the Original Keep Well Agreement, subject to obtaining approval of the Company s stockholders as required by applicable Nasdaq listing rules, which approval was obtained at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Company agreed to issue shares of its common stock to Acuitas (or an entity affiliated with Acuitas, as designated by Acuitas) (the Original Commitment Shares ). The Original Commitment Shares were issued to Acuitas in September 2022. 
 
 The Second Amendment and the Third Amendment 
 
 Below is a summary of certain amendments to the terms of the Original Keep Well Agreement effected by the Second Amendment and the Third Amendment. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 million to million and the provision that previously reduced the amount available to be borrowed by the net proceeds the Company received from equity financings was eliminated; 
 the funding structure was changed from borrowings as needed from time to time at the election of the Company, to the Company agreeing to borrow, and Acuitas agreeing to lend, subject to the conditions in the Keep Well Agreement (which conditions were also amended as described below), the entire remaining amount of million, to be funded as follows: million in each of January (which was borrowed on January 5, 2023), March (which was borrowed on March 6, 2023) and June 2023, and million in September 2023; 
 many of the conditions precedent to the Company s ability to borrow, and Acuitas obligation to lend, were eliminated, including the Funding Condition; 
 the Company s obligation to pay accrued interest on a monthly basis was eliminated, and instead accrued interest will be added to the principal amount of the applicable Keep Well Note; and 
 the financial covenant that the Company s consolidated recurring revenue be at least million was reduced to million, however, the satisfaction of such covenant as a condition to funding was eliminated, and certain other affirmative and negative covenants of the Company, the satisfaction of which were conditions to funding, were also eliminated as conditions to funding. 
 
 Conversion of Keep Well Notes 
 
 The Company and Acuitas agreed that, subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders, which was obtained at a special meeting of stockholders held in February 2023 (the 2023 Special Meeting of Stockholders ), Acuitas, at its option, will have the right to convert the entire principal amount of the Keep Well Notes outstanding, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, in whole or in part, into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) per share and (ii) the greater of (a) the closing price of the Company s common stock on the trading day immediately prior to the applicable conversion date and (b) (the Conversion Right ). The and referenced in the preceding sentence are subject to adjustment for stock splits and the like. 
 
 Each Keep Well Note outstanding as of the date of stockholder approval was deemed to be amended to contain the Conversion Right. The Company refers to such Keep Well Notes, as so amended, and to the Keep Well Notes issued in connection with future borrowings under the Keep Well Agreement, as the New Keep Well Notes. 
 
 In addition, subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders, which was obtained at a the 2023 Special Meeting of Stockholders, in connection with the conversion of the principal amount of any New Keep Well Note and/or accrued interest thereon into shares of the Company s common stock (as described above), the Company will issue to Acuitas a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, and the number of shares of the Company s common stock subject to each such warrant will be equal to (x) of the amount converted divided by (y) the conversion price of the New Keep Well Note then in effect, and the exercise price of each such warrant will be equal to the conversion price of the New Keep Well Note then in effect, subject to adjustment as described below. 
 
 Increase in Warrant Coverage 
 
 Subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders, which was obtained at the 2023 Special Meeting of Stockholders, the Company and Acuitas agreed to reduce the exercise price of Keep Well Warrants issued under the Keep Well Agreement (both Keep Well Warrants outstanding as of the date of the Second Amendment and those issued thereafter) and to increase the warrant coverage on all previous and future borrowings under the Keep Well Agreement as follows: 
 
 the exercise price of currently outstanding Keep Well Warrants will be reduced to per share, which was the Nasdaq Official Closing Price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) of the Company s common stock immediately preceding the time the parties entered into the Second Amendment, and which will be subject to future adjustment as described below; 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 shares) will be increased to the number of shares that would have been subject to such Keep Well Warrants if the warrant coverage was equal to of the amount borrowed under the Keep Well Agreement in respect of which the applicable Keep Well Warrant was issued (instead of divided by (i.e., shares, or an additional shares); 
 the warrant coverage on borrowings under the Keep Well Agreement after the date of the Second Amendment will be increased to a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to (x) of the amount borrowed (instead of of such amount) divided by (y) (the Warrant Coverage Denominator ), subject to future adjustment as described below, and each Keep Well Warrant issued after the date of the Second Amendment will have an exercise price equal to per share, subject to future adjustment as described below; 
 if the reverse stock split that was also approved at the 2023 Special Meeting of Stockholders is effected, then: 
 the exercise price of each warrant issued pursuant to the Keep Well Agreement that is outstanding as of the effective time of the reverse stock split will be reduced to the lesser of (i) the volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock over the five trading days beginning on the trading day that commences immediately after the effective time of the reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split Price and (ii) the exercise price after giving effect to the adjustment thereto as a result of the reverse stock split (the lesser of (i) and (ii), the Post-Stock Split Price ), subject to further reduction as described in the bullet immediately below; and 
 the Warrant Coverage Denominator will be reduced to the greater of (adjusted for the reverse stock split) and the Post-Stock Split Price, subject to further reduction as described in the bullet immediately below; and 
 upon the occurrence of the final funding under the Keep Well Agreement (the date on when such final funding occurs, the Final Funding Date ): 
 the exercise price of each warrant issued pursuant to the Keep Well Agreement that is outstanding as of the Final Funding Date will be reduced to (i) if the Final Funding Date occurs at any time prior to the time the Reverse Stock Split Price is determined, the closing price of the Company s common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the Final Funding Date (the Final Funding Date Price ), or (ii) if the Final Funding Date occurs at any time from and after the time the Reverse Stock Split Price is determined, the lesser of (x) the Post-Stock Split Price and (y) the Final Funding Date Price; and 
 the Warrant Coverage Denominator will be reduced to the lesser of (i) if the Final Funding Date occurs at any time prior to the time the Reverse Stock Split Price is determined, the greater of (a) (subject to adjustment for stock splits and the like, including the reverse stock split) and (b) the Final Funding Date Price, or (ii) if the Final Funding Date occurs at any time from and after the time the Reverse Stock Split Price is determined, the greater of (a) (subject to adjustment for stock splits and the like, including the reverse stock split) and (b) the lesser of (x) the Post-Stock Split Price and (y) the Final Funding Date Price. 
 
 As a result of approvals obtained at the 2023 Special Meeting of Stockholders, the Company issued to the holder of each Keep Well Warrant outstanding as of the date of such approval, in exchange for such Keep Well Warrant, a new warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock that reflect the amendments to the Keep Well Warrants described above, including the increase in the warrant coverage and the decrease in the exercise price. The Company refers to the new warrants issued in exchange for outstanding Keep Well Warrants and to any warrants issued in connection with future borrowings under the Keep Well Agreement or in connection with the conversion of the principal amount of any New Keep Well Note and/or accrued interest thereon into shares of the Company s common stock (as described above) as the New Keep Well Warrants. 
 
 Additional Commitment Shares 
 
 As a result of approvals obtained at the 2023 Special Meeting of Stockholders, the Company issued to Acuitas additional shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 Issuance Cap 
 
 The Company and Acuitas agreed that (i) under no circumstances will the Company issue any shares upon exercise of any warrant issued under the Keep Well Agreement or upon conversion of any Keep Well Note to the extent that, after giving effect to the issuance of any such shares, Acuitas (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own shares of the Company s common stock representing more than of the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of the time of such issuance (the Issuance Cap and (ii) in the event of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Second Amendment), regardless of the actual number of securities of the Company beneficially owned by Acuitas and its affiliates at the effective time thereof, Acuitas shall not be entitled to receive any consideration pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction in respect of any 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 days following the Final Funding Date. 
 
 As mentioned above, the Keep Well Agreement also includes the following financial covenants: a requirement that annualized consolidated recurring revenue for the preceding twelve months be at least million tested monthly, and a requirement that consolidated liquidity must be greater than million at all times. The Company was in compliance with all of its covenants under the Keep Well Agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Borrowings Under the Keep Well Agreement 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company borrowed a total of million under the Keep Well Agreement, and applied a portion of the proceeds therefrom to pay off in full all outstanding amounts owed by the Company under the 2024 Notes, discussed above, and to fund the Company's working capital requirements. Each borrowing was completed with the issuance of a Keep Well Note, which will accrue interest based on the adjusted term SOFR for each interest period. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a total of million of accrued paid-in-kind interest related to the Keep Well Notes and the effective weighted average interest rate for the Keep Well Notes was . At December 31, 2022, million remained to be funded under the Keep Well Agreement: million in each of January 2023 (which was borrowed on January 5, 2023), March 2023 (which was borrowed on March 6, 2023) and June 2023, and million in September 2023. 
 
 Less: debt discount ) ) Net carrying amount 
 The following table presents total interest expense recognized related to the Company's borrowings under the 2024 Notes and Keep Well Agreement (in thousands): 
 Accretion of debt discount Total 

F-25 

Table of Contents 

 shares of its common stock (the Commitment Shares to Acuitas and (b) in August and September 2022, the Company issued to Acuitas warrants to purchase a total of shares of the Company s common stock. The Commitment Shares and such warrants, which qualified for equity classification, were accounted for as debt discount based on their respective fair values determined at each issuance dates. The warrants have a term of and had an exercise price equal to , which was the closing price of the Company s common stock as reported on Nasdaq immediately preceding the time the parties entered into the Keep Well Agreement. As discussed above, as result of approvals obtained at the 2023 Special Meeting of Stockholders, the warrants issued in August and September 2022 were exchanged for Keep Well Warrants. 
 
 Stockholders Agreement 
 
 Under the terms of the Keep Well Agreement, if Acuitas' beneficial ownership of the Company s capital stock equals at least a majority of the voting power of the Company s outstanding capital stock, Acuitas Capital and the Company agreed to enter into a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement pursuant to which, during any period that Acuitas beneficial ownership of the Company s capital stock equals at least of the Company s outstanding capital stock, Acuitas agreed to vote the shares of the Company s common stock it beneficially owns (a) in favor of an amendment to the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company that would require the Company s board of directors to include not fewer than independent directors at all times, (b) in favor of the election or re-election of independent directors nominated for election by the Company s board of directors or by the nominating committee thereof unless the failure of a nominee to be elected or re-elected to the Company s board of directors would not result in the Company having fewer than independent directors following such election, and (c) against any proposal or action that would result in the Company s board of directors having fewer than independent directors at all times. In addition, under the Stockholders Agreement, the parties agreed that, during any period that such beneficial ownership of Acuitas affiliates equals at least of the Company s outstanding capital stock, the Company will not enter into any transaction between the Company or any of its affiliates, on the one hand, and Acuitas or any of its affiliates (excluding the Company and its affiliates), on the other hand, unless it is approved by a majority of the independent directors then serving on the Company s board of directors. The Stockholders Agreement was entered into on February 21, 2023. 
 Other 
 In May 2021, the Company received notification that its million of PPP loan assumed through the LifeDojo acquisition has been fully forgiven and the full amount of million has been recognized as a gain as a component of "Other expense, net" in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 In November 2021, the Company financed a portion of its insurance premiums for the new term totaling million at an annual effective rate of , payable in equal monthly installments beginning on December 8, 2021 and a down payment of million at inception. During August through November 2022, the Company financed a total of million of its insurance premiums for the new term at an annual weighted average effective rate of , payable in to equal monthly installments and down payments totaling million at inception of each financing agreement. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million, respectively, relating to such financed insurance premium outstanding, which were included as part of "Other accrued liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheet as of each respective period. 

Not e 10. 
 shares of the Company's common stock. The Company has granted stock options to executive officers, employees, members of the Company's board of directors, and certain outside consultants and restricted stock units ("RSUs") to employees and members of the Company's board of directors. The terms and conditions upon which options vest vary among grants; however, option rights expire no later than from the date of grant and employee and Board of Director awards generally vest over one to on a straight-line basis. The terms and conditions upon which RSUs vest vary among grants; however, RSUs generally vest over three to on a straight-line basis. As of December 31, 2022, we had stock options and RSUs outstanding and shares reserved for future awards. 
 Stock-based compensation expense was approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

The expected volatility assumptions have been based on the historical and expected volatility of our stock, measured over a period generally commensurate with the expected term. The weighted average expected option term for the year ended December 31, 2022, reflects the application of the simplified method prescribed in SEC's Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 107 (as amended by SAB 110), which defines the life as the average of the contractual term of the options and the weighted average vesting period for all option tranches. 
 Stock Options Employees and Directors 
 Granted Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted to employees and directors under the Plan. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units - Employees 
 The Company estimates the fair value of RSUs based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. 
 
 Granted Vested and distributed ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested outstanding RSUs. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Warrants exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 
 In connection with entering into the Eighth Amendment of our note purchase agreement for our 2024 Notes on March 8, 2022, as discussed in Note 9 above, the Company issued to Special Situations Investing Group II, LLC (the Holder ), a Purchase Warrant for Common Shares (the Amendment Warrant pursuant to which the Holder may purchase shares of the Company s common stock in an aggregate amount of up shares. Also, the Company issued additional warrants monthly beginning on March 31, 2022 through June 30, 2022 (each a Ticking Warrant and together with the Amendment Warrant, the Warrants having the same terms as the Amendment Warrant, to purchase a total of shares of the Company's common stock. See Note 9 above for more information. 
 
 In connection with Keep Well Agreement and the Company's borrowings thereunder, as discussed in Note 9 above, as of December 31, 2022, the Company issued to Acuitas warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock (the "Keep Well Warrants"). The Keep Well Warrants have a term of and an exercise price equal to , which was the closing price of the Company s common stock as reported on Nasdaq immediately preceding the time the parties entered into the Keep Well Agreement. 
 Performance-Based and Market-Based Awards 
 The Company s Compensation Committee designed a compensation structure to align the compensation levels of certain executives to the performance of the Company through the issuance of performance-based and market-based stock options. The performance-based options vest upon the Company meeting certain revenue targets and the total amount of compensation expense recognized is based on the number of shares that the Company determines are probable of vesting. The market-based options vest upon the Company s stock price reaching a certain price at a specific performance period and the total amount of compensation expense recognized is based on a Monte Carlo simulation that factors in the probability of the award vesting. 
 
 for at least twenty trading days within a period of thirty consecutive trading days ending on the trading day prior to January 1, 2023. 
 Fully vest on January 1, 2023 January 1, 2023 August 2018 Weighted Average Price of our common stock is for at least twenty trading days within a period of thirty consecutive trading days ending on the trading day prior to January 1, 2023. 
 Fully vest on January 1, 2023 January 1, 2023 
 
 As of January 1, 2023, both of the market-based options for and shares of the Company's common stock described above became fully vested. 

Note 11. 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 square feet of office space for lease terms ranging from months to months. The finance leases are generally for month terms. The Company s operating leases do not require any contingent rental payments, impose any financial restrictions, or contain any residual value guarantees. The operating leases include renewal options and escalation clauses. The renewal options have not been included in the calculation of the operating lease liability and right-of-use asset as the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise the options. Variable expenses generally represent the Company s share of the landlord s operating expenses. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company approved a plan for its headquarter office-based employees to work 100 remotely on a permanent basis and entered into an agreement with a broker to list the entire office space located in Santa Monica, CA for sublease. As a result of this real estate rationalization decision, an impairment analysis of our operating right-of-use asset resulted in an impairment charge of million to reduce the carrying value of this asset to its estimated fair value. See Note 6 above for more information. On April 12, 2022, the Company entered into a sublease agreement with a subtenant for 100 of the leased office space located at Santa Monica, California. The sublease agreement commenced on June 3, 2022 and will expire on July 17, 2024, unless sooner terminated. The Company has not been relieved of its primary obligation under the original lease and the sublease agreement has been classified as an operating lease. See Note 14 below for more information on the Santa Monica, CA lease. 
 Finance lease assets "Property and equipment, net" Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating lease liabilities "Current portion of operating lease liabilities" Finance lease liabilities "Other accrued liabilities" Non-current Operating lease liabilities "Long-term operating lease liabilities" Finance lease liabilities "Long-term finance lease liabilities" Total lease liabilities 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 2022 2021 Operating lease expense Short-term lease rent expense 
 Variable lease expense Operating sublease income ) Total rent expense, net Finance lease expense: Amortization of leased assets Interest on lease liabilities Total 

F-29 

Table of Contents 

 Financing cash flows from finance leases Other Cash received for operating sublease 
 
 December 31, Other Information 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Operating lease Financing leases Weighted-average discount rate ) Operating lease Finance leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) ) Present value of lease liabilities Less: current portion ) ) ) Lease liabilities, non-current 

Note 12.) ) Total current taxes ) ) Income tax expense ) ) 
 
 Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was primarily related to state minimum taxes and gross receipts taxes. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively. The federal net operating loss carry forwards have an indefinite life, however, the state net operating loss carry forwards have already begun to expire. The expiration of these state net operating losses does not affect our deferred tax asset since it has already been reduced resulting from our Section 382 study. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company completed an analysis of its ownership changes since formation in accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. As a result of the study, the Company expects federal and state NOLs of approximately million and million, respectively, to expire unutilized and the Company has reduced its gross deferred tax asset associated with the NOL carryforward, for the amount that has or is expected to expire unutilized, with an offsetting reduction to the valuation allowance. 
 Due to such uncertainties surrounding the realization of the deferred tax assets, the Company maintains a valuation allowance of million and million against all of its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total change in valuation allowance was million and million, respectively. Realization of the deferred tax assets will be primarily dependent upon the Company's ability to generate sufficient taxable income. 
 Stock-based compensation Interest expense Accrued liabilities and reserves Fixed assets ) Lease liabilities ) Other temporary differences Deferred commission ) ) Prepaid expenses ) Right-of-use assets ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 
 The Company has provided a valuation allowance in full on its net deferred tax assets in accordance with ASC 740 - "Income Taxes" ("ASC 740"). Because of the Company's continued losses, management assessed the realizability of its net deferred tax assets as being less than the more-likely-than-not criteria set forth by ASC 740. Furthermore, certain portions of the Company's net operating loss carryforwards were acquired, and therefore subject to further limitation set forth under the federal tax code, which could further limit the Company's ability to realize its deferred tax assets. 

F-31 

Table of Contents 

 Stock-based compensation ) Section 162(m) ) Change in federal valuation allowance ) ) Reduction in federal NOL carryforward DTA due to 382 study results ) Other ) Effective tax rate ) ) 
 
 The Company has adopted guidance issued by the FASB that clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise's financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold of more likely than not and a measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. In making this assessment, a company must determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, based solely on the technical merits of the position and must assume that the tax position will be examined by taxing authorities. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. There were interest and penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company files income tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service IRS and various states with nexus. For jurisdictions in which tax filings are prepared, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by state tax authorities for tax years prior to 2018, and by the IRS for tax years prior to 2019. The Company s net operating loss carryforwards are subject to IRS examination until they are fully utilized or expired and such tax years are closed. 
 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("TCJA") resulted in significant changes to the treatment of research and experimental ("R E") expenditures under Section 174. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, taxpayers are required to capitalize and amortize all R E expenditures. In general, expenditures for U.S. based R E activities must be amortized over 5 years and expenditures for foreign based R E activities must be amortized over 15 years. The Company has recorded an estimated impact of the Section 174 and it will continue to monitor the impact of the new regulation. 

Note 13. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Preferred stock of Ontrak pursuant to Registration Statements and Prospectuses issued in connection with Ontrak s August 21, 2020 initial public stock offering, its September 2020 through December 2020 at market offering, and its December 16, 2020 follow-on stock offering (collectively, the Offerings ). The plaintiff brings this action against the Company; its officers: Terren S. Peizer, Brandon H. LaVerne, and Christopher Shirley; its board members: Richard A. Berman, Sharon Gabrielson, Gustavo Giraldo, Katherine B. Quinn, Robert Rebak, Diane Seloff, Michael Sherman, and Edward Zecchini; and the investment banking firms that acted as underwriters for the Offerings: B. Riley Securities, Inc., Ladenburg Thalmann Co., Inc., William Blair Company, LLC, Aegis Capital Corp., Insperex LLC (f/k/a Incapital LLC), The Benchmark Company, LLC, Boenning Scatteredgood, Inc., Colliers Securities, LLC, Kingswood Capital Markets, and ThinkEquity (the "Underwriters"). The plaintiff asserts three causes of action alleging that Ontrak violated 11, 12(a)(2), and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, respectively, (1) by failing to disclose facts required to be disclosed under SEC Regulation S-K items 105 and 303 that Aetna had turned off the data feed of customer records to Ontrak citing dissatisfaction with the Company s value proposition and billing practices and thereafter submitted a CAP to which Ontrak s senior executives were unable to effectively respond; and (2) by issuing allegedly false or misleading statements in its Registration Statements and Prospectuses: (a) regarding Ontrak s growing customer base; (b) regarding its ability to scale its operations; (c) that revenue from a limited number of its customers would continue; (d) that its services are provided to 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

Note 14. 
 million of early termination fee and monthly fixed rent for March and April 2023, and subtenant agreed to pay monthly fixed sublease payment for March and April 2023. 
 On March 9, 2023, as part of the Company's continued cost saving measures and to reduce its operating costs and to help align with its previously stated strategic initiatives, our management implemented additional headcount reductions wherein approximately of the Company's employee positions were eliminated. These headcount reductions are expected to result in a reduction of approximately million of the Company's annual compensation costs. The Company estimates one-time costs of approximately million of termination benefits to the impacted employees, including severance payments and benefits. The headcount reductions were completed by March 10, 2023. 
 On February 20, 2023, a special meeting of stockholders was held during which the Company s stockholders approved the issuance of shares of the Company's common stock, convertible notes and the shares of the Company's common stock issuable upon conversion thereof, and warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock and the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise thereof, in each case, pursuant to the Keep Well Agreement. As a result, on February 22, 2023: 
 the Company issued shares of its common stock to Acuitas; 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 shares of the Company s common stock previously issued by the Company to Acuitas pursuant to the Keep Well Agreement through February 20, 2023 were exchanged for warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock; and 
 Keep Well Notes previously issued by the Company to Acuitas evidencing the million in principal amount borrowed under the Keep Well Agreement through February 20, 2023 were exchanged for New Keep Well Notes. 
 
 On each of January 5, 2023 and March 6, 2023, the Company borrowed and issued a New Keep Well Note for million under the Keep Well Agreement and used the proceeds to fund its working capital needs. In connection with each such borrowing, the Company issued to Acuitas a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock a warrant to purchase shares of the Company's common stock and a warrant to purchase shares of the Company's common stock in connection the January 5, 2023 and March 6, 2023 borrowing, respectively. Each warrant has a term and an exercise price equal to per share. 
 
 At the February 20, 2023 special meeting of stockholders, the Company s stockholders also approved a proposal to give the Company s board of directors the authority, at its discretion, to file a certificate of amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to effect a reverse split of the Company s outstanding common stock at a ratio that is not less than 4:1 and not greater than 6:1, without reducing the authorized number of shares of the Company s common stock, with the final ratio to be selected by the Company s board of directors in its discretion, and to be effected, if at all, in the sole discretion of the Company s board of directors at any time within one year of the date of the special meeting without further approval or authorization of our stockholders. 
 F-35 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 exhibit105-blxemploymentag.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.5 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement is made and entered into as of July 26, 2022 by and between Ontrak, Inc., a Delaware corporation Employer or Company ), and Brandon LaVerne, an individual Employee ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. WHEREAS, Employee is currently employed by Employer under the terms of an employment agreement dated March 16, 2020 Former Agreement and such Former Agreement is superseded by this Agreement, and any obligations under the Former Agreement are hereby terminated without any further consideration. 
 B. WHEREAS, Employee has experience and expertise applicable to employment with Employer to perform as a Co-President and Chief Operating Officer of Employer, Employer has agreed to employ Employee and Employee has agreed to enter into such employment, on the terms set forth in this Agreement. 
 C. WHEREAS, Employee acknowledges that this Agreement is necessary for the protection of Employer s investment in its business, good will, products, methods of operation, information, and relationships with its customers and other employees. 
 D. WHEREAS, Employer acknowledges that Employee desires definition of Employee s compensation and benefits, and other terms of Employee s employment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration thereof and of the covenants and conditions contained herein, the parties agree as follows 
 AGREEMENT 
 1. TERM OF AGREEMENT 
 1.1 Term . The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on June 28, 2022 (the Commencement Date and shall continue until the earlier of (a) the date on which it is terminated pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement or (b) three (3) years following the Commencement Date Initial Term ). Upon the expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement will renew for a three (3) year term (the Renewal Term, together with the Initial Term, the Term ), unless either party provides written notice of termination of the Agreement within ninety (90) days of the end of the Initial Term. As used herein, the Employment Period means the period of Employee s employment hereunder (regardless of whether such period ends prior to the end of the Term and regardless of the reason for Employee s termination of employment hereunder). 
 2. EMPLOYMENT 
 2.1 Employment of Employee . Employer agrees to employ Employee to render services on the terms set forth herein. Employee hereby accepts such employment on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 2.2 Position and Duties . Employee shall serve as Co-President and Chief Operating Officer of Employer, reporting to Employer s Chief Executive Officer CEO ), and shall have the general powers, duties and responsibilities of management usually vested in those offices 

Brandon LaVerne Employment Agreement 

 in a corporation and such other powers and duties as may be prescribed from time to time by the Company. 
 2.3 Standard of Performance . Employee agrees that Employee will at all times faithfully and industriously and to the best of Employee s ability, experience, and talents perform all the duties that may be required of and from Employee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and consistent with Employee s position. Such duties shall be performed at such place or places as the interests, needs, business, and opportunities of Employer shall reasonably require or render advisable. 
 2.4 Exclusive Service . 
 (a) Employee shall devote substantially all of Employee s business energies and abilities and substantially all of Employee s productive time to the performance of Employee s duties under this Agreement (reasonable absences during holidays and vacations excepted), and shall not, without the prior written consent of Employer, render to others any service of any kind (whether or not for compensation) that, in the opinion of Employer, would materially interfere with the performance of Employee s duties under this Agreement, and 
 (b) Employee shall not, without the prior written consent of Employer, maintain any affiliation with, whether as an agent, consultant, employee, officer, director, trustee or otherwise, nor shall Employee directly or indirectly render any services of an advisory nature or otherwise to, or participate or engage in, any other business activity. 
 3. COMPENSATION 
 3.1 Compensation . During the Employment Period only, Employer shall pay the amounts and provide the benefits described in this Section 3, and Employee agrees to accept such amounts and benefits in full payment for Employee s services under this Agreement. 
 3.2 Base Salary . Employer shall pay to Employee a base salary of four hundred fifty thousand dollars 450,000) annually in equal bi-weekly installments, less applicable taxes. Employee s compensation (including Employee s base salary and discretionary bonus set forth in Section 3.3 below) shall be subject to annual review by Employer based on, among other things, Employee s performance and Employer s progress towards its milestones and profitability. 
 3.3 Discretionary Bonus . Employee is eligible to receive an annual bonus in the sole discretion of Employer. This discretionary bonus will be targeted at one-hundred percent (100 of Employee s annual base salary and will be based on Employee achieving individual goals and milestones, and the overall performance and profitability of the Company. Except as described in Sections 5.2 and 5.4 below, any such bonus shall be payable in the calendar year following the performance year subject to the Employee s continued employment with Employer through the last day of the applicable performance year. 
 3.4 Fringe Benefits . Subject to Section 3.6 below, Employee will be entitled 
 (a) to participate, on the same basis as other employees of the Company, in any medical, dental, vision, life, short-term and long-term disability insurance and flexible spending accounts (subject to certain co-payments by Employee). Employee s participation in such plans shall be subject to all terms and conditions of such plans, including Employee s ability to satisfy any medical or health requirements imposed by the underwriters of any insurance policies paid to fund the plans and 
 - 2 - 

Brandon LaVerne Employment Agreement 

 (b) to participate, on the same basis as other employees of the Company, in the Company s 401(k) plan, with said participation subject to all terms and conditions of such plans. 
 3.5 Paid Time Off . Employee shall be entitled to participate in Employer s flexible vacation policy, subject and pursuant to the terms of such policy as set forth in Employer s vacation policy. 
 3.6 Deduction from Compensation . Employer shall deduct and withhold from all compensation payable to Employee all amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to any present or future law, ordinance, regulation, order, writ, judgment, or decree requiring such deduction and withholding. 
 4. REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES 
 4.1 Travel and Other Expenses . Employer shall pay to or reimburse Employee for those travel, promotional, professional continuing education and licensing costs (to the extent required), professional society membership fees, seminars and similar expenditures incurred by Employee that Employer determines are reasonably necessary for the proper discharge of Employee s duties under this Agreement and for which Employee submits appropriate receipts and indicates the amount, date, location and business character in a timely manner. 
 4.2 Liability Insurance . Employer shall provide Employee with officers and directors insurance, or other liability insurance, consistent with its usual business practices, to cover Employee against all insurable events related to Employee s employment with Employer. 
 4.3 Indemnification . Promptly upon written request from Employee, Employer shall indemnify, and advance expense to Employee, to the fullest extent under applicable law, for all judgments, fines, settlements, losses, costs or expenses (including attorney s fees), arising out of Employee s activities as an agent, employee, officer or director of Employer, or in any other capacity on behalf of or at the request of Employer. Such agreement by Employer shall not be deemed to impair any other obligation of Employer respecting indemnification of Employee otherwise arising out of this or any other agreement or promise of Employer or under any statute. 
 5. TERMINATION 
 5.1 Termination by Employer With Good Cause Employee Resignation . Employer may terminate Employee s employment at any time, with notice for Good Cause (as defined below). Similarly, Employee may resign Employee s employment with Employer at any time, with notice and without Good Reason (as defined below). If Employer terminates Employee s employment with Good Cause, or if Employee resigns without Good Reason, then Employer shall pay Employee s base salary prorated through the date of termination within thirty (30) days of termination, at the rate in effect at the time notice of termination is given, together with any benefits accrued through the date of termination (collectively the Accrued Benefits ). In addition, the stock option award agreements (the Option Agreements for all options to purchase the common stock of the Company granted to Employee during Employee s employment with the Company (the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, in the event Employee s employment is terminated by Employer with Good Cause, the Options to the extent then vested and exercisable as of the date Employee s employment is terminated, and not previously terminated in accordance with the Option Agreements and the Plan, may be exercised within twelve (12) months after such termination date, or on or prior to the Option Expiration Date (as specified and defined in the respective Stock Option Grant Notices for the Options), whichever is earlier. Except with respect 
 - 3 - 

Brandon LaVerne Employment Agreement 

 to any outstanding equity compensation agreements and the provisions of Section 4, Employer shall have no further obligations to Employee under this Agreement or any other agreement relating to or arising out of Employee s status as an employee of Employer (as opposed to some other status with respect to Employer, such as a shareholder or holder of a stock option). 
 5.2 Termination Without Good Cause or for Good Reason . Employer shall have the right to terminate Employee s employment (with notice) without Good Cause and Employee shall have the right to terminate Employee s employment (with notice) for Good Reason (each a Qualifying Termination ). If there is a Qualifying Termination then the following provisions in this Section 5.2 shall apply 
 (a) Employer shall provide Employee with the Accrued Benefits 
 (b) Employer shall provide Employee with continued payments of base salary (as if Employee s employment had not terminated) through the sixth month after the termination date provided that the aggregate amount that can be paid under this paragraph shall equal fifty percent of Employee s annual base salary (at the rate in effect at the time of termination, but disregarding any reduction that constitutes Good Reason) The payments provided by this paragraph shall be paid to Employee in substantially equal installments payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices over the six month period provided however that the first such installment will be paid to Employee on the first regular payroll date occurring on or after the 60th day after the termination date and such first installment will include any unpaid amounts that would have otherwise been paid during such period before the first installment payment 
 (c) On the six (6) month anniversary of the date Employee s termination becomes effective, Employer shall pay Employee in a lump sum an amount equal to (6) months base salary (at the rate in effect at the time of termination, but disregarding any reduction that constitutes Good Reason), plus a pro-rata share of any bonus earned for the year of termination Employee acknowledges that any and all bonuses are at the discretion of the Board and at the advice of the Compensation Committee. 
 (d) If Employee timely elects continued coverage under COBRA, Employer will pay Employee s COBRA premiums necessary to continue Employee s coverage (including coverage for eligible dependents, if applicable) COBRA Premiums through the period (the COBRA Premium Period starting on the date of termination and ending on the earliest to occur of (i) twelve months following the date of termination or (ii) the date Employee and Employee s eligible dependents, if applicable, become eligible for group health insurance coverage through a new employer. In the event Employee becomes covered under another employer s group health plan during the COBRA Premium Period, Employee must immediately notify Employer of such event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that its payment of the premiums on Employee s behalf would result in a violation of the nondiscrimination rules of Internal Revenue Code Section 105(h)(2) or any statute or regulation of similar effect (including but not limited to the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then the Company shall instead each month provide Employee with a taxable payment equal to the amount of the Company s portion of the premiums which Employee may, but is not required to, use towards the cost of coverage. 
 (e) The stock award agreements (the Stock Agreements for all common stock granted to Employee by the Company after the Commencement Date and prior to the termination date (collectively, the Granted Stock and the Option Agreements for the Options that were granted to Employee after the Commencement Date and prior to the termination 
 - 4 - 

Brandon LaVerne Employment Agreement 

 date shall provide that the Granted Stock and Options will become fully vested (and become exercisable) as of the termination date (but in no case will any Option be exercisable after its Option Expiration Date). In addition, the Option Agreements for the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, any vested portion of the Options not previously terminated in accordance with the Option Agreements and the Plan, may be exercised within twenty-four (24) months after such termination date, or on or prior to the Option Expiration Date (as specified and defined in the respective Stock Option Grant Notices for the Options), whichever is earlier. 
 To be eligible for the severance benefits provided for in this Section 5.2, Employee must have executed and not revoked a full and complete general release of any and all claims against Employer and related persons and entities in the standard form then used by Employer Release ), such that the Release becomes effective by its own terms within 60 days of the date of termination. Upon making all of the applicable severance payments and benefits, except with respect to any outstanding equity compensation agreements and the provisions of Section 4, Employer shall have no further obligations to Employee under this Agreement or any other agreement relating to or arising out of Employee s status as an employee of Employer (as opposed to some other status with respect to Employer, such as a shareholder or holder of a stock option). 
 5.3 Good Cause . For purposes of this Agreement, a termination shall be for Good Cause if Employee, in the subjective, good faith opinion of Employer 
 (a) Commits an act of fraud, moral turpitude, misappropriation of funds or embezzlement in connection with Employee s duties 
 (b) Breaches Employee s fiduciary duty to Employer, including, but not limited to, acts of self-dealing (whether or not for personal profit) 
 (c) Materially breaches this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement (defined below), or Employer s written Codes of Ethics as adopted by the Board 
 (d) Willfully, recklessly or negligently violates any material provision of Employer s written Employee Handbook, or any applicable state or federal law or regulation 
 (e) Fails or refuses (whether willfully, recklessly or negligently) to materially comply with all relevant and material obligations, assumable and personally chargeable to an executive of Employee s corporate rank and responsibilities, under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder (for avoidance of doubt any failure by the Company to comply with foregoing laws and regulations shall not be imputed on to Employee for purposes of this provision) 
 (f) Fails to or refuses to (whether willfully, recklessly or negligently) to perform the responsibilities and duties specified herein (other than a failure caused by temporary disability and provided further that the mere failure to achieve certain goals or objectives (provided Employee has attempted in good faith to achieve such goals and objectives) shall not constitute Good Cause) 
 (g) Is convicted of, or enters a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or misdemeanor under state or federal law in a court of competent jurisdiction, other than a traffic violation or misdemeanor not involving dishonesty or moral turpitude 
 - 5 - 

Brandon LaVerne Employment Agreement 

 (h) Becomes listed on the federal debarment list prohibiting participation in Medicare or Medicaid or 
 (i) Fails to return any compensation amount required to be clawed back or returned to Employer by application of any applicable law or regulation. 
 The foregoing is an exhaustive list of the items that constitute Good Cause under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than with respect to clause (g), Good Cause shall only be found to exist if, prior to Employee s termination and within ninety (90) days after the Company s initial awareness of an event of Good Cause, Employer has provided written notice to the Employee describing such Good Cause event(s), and the Employee does not cure such event within ten (10) days following the Employee s receipt of such notice from the Company, and the date of Employee s termination of employment due to such Good Cause occurs within ninety (90) days after the expiration of the foregoing ten (10) day cure period. 
 5.4 Death or Disability . To the extent consistent with federal and state law, upon written notice to Employee, Employer may terminate Employee s employment due to Employee s Disability. Additionally, Employee s employment shall terminate on Employee s death. Disability means (i) Employee s inability to engage in any substantial, gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) Employee is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident or health plan covering Employer s employees. In the event of termination due to death or Disability, Employer shall pay Employee (or Employee s legal representative) Employee s base salary prorated through the date of termination, at the rate in effect at the time of termination, together with any benefits accrued, including, but not limited to, a pro-rata share of any bonus earned for the year of termination, through the date of termination. Any such bonus shall be payable in the calendar year following the performance year. The Stock Agreements for the Granted Stock and the Option Agreements for the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, in the event Employee s employment is terminated due to Employee s death or Disability, all then unvested portions of the Granted Stock and Options will immediately vest in full and, in the case of the Options, be exercisable as of the termination date. In addition, the Option Agreements for the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, in the event Employee s employment is terminated due to Employee s death or Disability, any vested portion of the Options not previously terminated in accordance with the Option Agreements and the Plan, may be exercised within five (5) years after the termination date, or on or prior to the Option Expiration Date (as specified and defined in the respective Stock Option Grant Notices for the Options), whichever is earlier. 
 5.5 Return of Employer Property . Within five (5) days after the Employees termination of employment, Employee shall return to Employer all products, books, records, forms, specifications, formulae, data processes, designs, papers and writings relating to the business of Employer including without limitation proprietary or licensed computer programs, customer lists and customer data, and or copies or duplicates thereof in Employee s possession or under Employee s control. Employee shall not retain any copies or duplicates of such property and all licenses granted to Employee by Employer to use computer programs or software shall be revoked on the termination date. 
 5.6 Good Reason . For purposes of this Agreement, a termination shall be for Good Reason if without Employee s prior written consent, Employer 
 - 6 - 

Brandon LaVerne Employment Agreement 

 (a) Materially reduced the material duties and responsibilities assigned to Employee under this Agreement 
 (b) Reduced Employee s base salary 
 (c) Materially breached this Agreement or any other written agreement with Employee or 
 (d) Required relocation of Employee greater than 50 miles from Employee s residence as of the Commencement Date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall only be found to exist if, prior to Employee s resignation and within ninety (90) days after the initial existence of an event of Good Reason, Employee has provided written notice to the Company describing such alleged Good Reason event(s), and the Company does not cure such event within thirty (30) days following the Company s receipt of such notice from Employee, and the date of Employee s termination of employment due to Employee s resignation for Good Reason occurs within ninety (90) days after the expiration of the foregoing thirty (30) day cure period. 
 6. DUTY OF LOYALTY 
 6.1 During the Employment Period, Employee shall not, without the prior written consent of Employer, directly or indirectly render services of a business, professional, or commercial nature to any person or firm, whether for compensation or otherwise, or engage in any activity directly or indirectly competitive with or adverse to the business or welfare of Employer, whether alone, as a partner, or as an officer, director, employee, consultant, or holder of more than one percent (1 of the capital stock of any other corporation. Otherwise, Employee may make personal investments in any other business so long as these investments do not require Employee to participate in the operation of the companies in which Employee invests. 
 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
 7.1 Trade Secrets of Employer . Employee, during the Employment Period, will develop, have access to and become acquainted with various trade secrets and confidential information which are owned by Employer and or its affiliates and which are regularly used in the operation of the businesses of such entities. Employee shall not disclose such trade secrets or confidential information, directly or indirectly, or use them in any way, either during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, except as required in the course of Employee s employment by Employer, provided that the foregoing provisions shall not apply to information that is or becomes public at any time due to no fault of Employee, or which Employee is required to disclose in direct response to a judicial or regulatory order or process. All files, contracts, manuals, reports, letters, forms, documents, notes, notebooks, lists, records, documents, customer lists, vendor lists, purchase information, designs, computer programs and similar items and information, relating to the businesses of such entities, whether prepared by Employee or otherwise and whether now existing or prepared at a future time, coming into Employee s possession shall remain the exclusive property of such entities, and shall not be removed for purposes other than work-related from the premises where the work of Employer is conducted, except with the prior written authorization by Employer. 
 7.2 Confidential Data of Customers of Employer . Employee, in the course of Employee s duties, will have access to and become acquainted with financial, accounting, statistical and personal data of customers of Employer and of their affiliates. All such data is confidential and shall not be disclosed, directly or indirectly, or used by Employee in any way, either during the Employment Period (except as required in the course of employment by 
 - 7 - 

Brandon LaVerne Employment Agreement 

 Employer) or at any time thereafter, provided that the foregoing provisions shall not apply to information that is or becomes public at any time due to no fault of Employee, or which Employee is required to disclose in direct response to a judicial or regulatory order or process. 
 7.3 Inevitable Disclosure . After Employee s employment has terminated, Employee shall not accept employment with any competitor of Employer, where the new employment is likely to result in the inevitable disclosure of Employer s trade secrets or confidential information, or it would be impossible for Employee to perform Employee s new job without using or disclosing trade secrets or confidential information. 
 7.4 Continuing Effect . The provisions of this Section 7 shall remain in effect after the end of the Employment Period. 
 8. NO SOLICITATION 
 8.1 No Solicitation of Employees . Employee agrees that Employee will not, during Employee s employment with Employer, and for one (1) year thereafter, encourage or solicit any other employee of Employer to terminate his or her employment for any reason, nor will Employee assist others to do so (provided however that former Company employees and or Company employees responding to general ads or solicitations shall not be covered by this Section 8.1). 
 8.2 No Solicitation of Customers . Employee agrees that Employee will not, during Employee s employment with Employer, and for two (2) years thereafter, directly or indirectly, utilize any Company information protected under the Confidentiality Agreement to solicit any client or customer of Employer known to Employee with respect to any business, products or services that are competitive to the products or services offered by Employer, or under development as of the date of the termination of Employee s employment with Employer for any reason. 
 8.3 No Competition. Employee specifically agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after Employee s employment is terminated or ceases to be employed by Employer for any reason, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, whether individually or through any entity controlled by Employee, on Employee s own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, whether or not for compensation, engage in any business activity, or have any interest in any person, firm, corporation or business, through a subsidiary or parent entity or other entity (whether as a shareholder, agent, joint venturer, security holder, trustee, partner, consultant, creditor lending credit or money for the purpose of establishing or operating any such business, partnership or otherwise) which is competitive with the then existing business of the Employer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee may own shares of competing companies whose securities are publicly traded, so long as such securities do not constitute five percent or more of the outstanding securities of any such company. 
 9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTIES . 
 To the extent permissible under applicable law, all intellectual properties made or conceived by Employee during the term of Employee s employment by Employer shall be the right and property solely of Employer, whether developed independently by Employee or jointly with others. If Employee has not already done so, then on or before the Commencement Date, Employee will sign the Employer s standard Employee Innovation, Proprietary Information and Confidentiality Agreement Confidentiality Agreement ). 
 10. OTHER PROVISIONS 
 - 8 - 

Brandon LaVerne Employment Agreement 

 10.1 Compliance With Other Agreements . Employee represents and warrants to Employer that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not conflict with or result in the violation or breach of any term or provision of any order, judgment, injunction, contract, agreement, commitment or other arrangement to which Employee is a party or by which Employee is bound. 
 10.2 Injunctive Relief . Employee acknowledges that the services to be rendered under this Agreement and the items described in Sections 6, 7, 8 and 9 of this Agreement are of a special, unique and extraordinary character, that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services or to compensate Employer in money damages for a breach of this Agreement. Accordingly, Employee agrees and consents that if Employee violates any of the provisions of this Agreement, Employer, in addition to any other rights and remedies available under this Agreement or otherwise, shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief, without the necessity of posting any bond or other undertaking in connection therewith. 
 10.3 Attorneys Fees . The prevailing party in any suit or other proceeding brought to enforce, interpret or apply any provisions of this Agreement, shall be entitled to recover all costs and expenses (not limited to court costs and including, without limitation, all attorneys fees) it incurred in connection with the proceeding and the underlying dispute. 
 10.4 Counsel . The parties acknowledge and represent that, prior to the execution of this Agreement, they have had an opportunity to consult with their respective counsel concerning the terms and conditions set forth herein. Additionally, Employee represents that Employee has had an opportunity to receive independent legal advice concerning the taxability of any consideration received under this Agreement. Employee has not relied upon any advice from Employer and or its attorneys with respect to the taxability of any consideration received under this Agreement. Employee further acknowledges that Employer has not made any representations to Employee with respect to tax issues. 
 10.5 Nondelegable Duties . This is a contract for Employee s personal services. The duties of Employee under this Agreement are personal and may not be delegated or transferred in any manner whatsoever, and shall not be subject to involuntary alienation, assignment or transfer by Employee during Employee s life. 
 10.6 Governing Law . The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws, without regard to the laws as to choice or conflict of laws, of the State of Nevada. 
 10.7 Venue . If any dispute arises regarding the application, interpretation or enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, including fraud in the inducement, such dispute shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration pursuant to the terms set forth in Employer s arbitration policy. 
 10.8 No Punitive Damages . If any dispute arises regarding the application, interpretation or enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, including fraud in the inducement, the parties hereby waive their right to seek punitive damages in connection with said dispute. 
 10.9 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if any invalid or unenforceable provision were omitted. 
 - 9 - 

Brandon LaVerne Employment Agreement 

 10.10 Binding Effect . The provisions of this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 10.11 Notice . Any notices or communications required or permitted by this Agreement shall be deemed sufficiently given if in writing and when delivered personally or forty-eight (48) hours after deposit with the United States Postal Service as registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and addressed as follows 
 (a) If to Employer, to the principal office of Employer in the State of Nevada, marked Attention Human Resources or 
 (b) If to Employee, to the most recent address for Employee appearing in Employer s records. 
 10.12 Headings . The Section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 10.13 Section 409A Compliance . 
 (a) This Agreement is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A ), and, to the extent practicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner so that any amount or benefit payable hereunder shall be paid or provided in a manner that is either exempt from or compliant with the requirements of Section 409A and applicable Internal Revenue Service guidance and Treasury Regulations issued thereunder. Terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms under Section 409A if, and to the extent required, in order to comply with Section 409A. 
 (b) For purposes of amounts payable under this Agreement, the termination of employment shall be deemed to be effective upon separation from service with Employer, as defined under Section 409A and the guidance issued thereunder. Any payments subject to Section 409A that are subject to execution of a waiver and release which may be executed and or revoked in a calendar year following the calendar year in which the payment event (such as termination of employment) occurs shall commence payment only in such following calendar year as necessary to comply with Section 409A. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required to avoid additional taxes and interest charged under Section 409A, if any of Employer s stock is publicly traded and Employee is deemed to be a specified employee as determined by Employer for purposes of Section 409A, Employee agrees that any non-qualified deferred compensation payments due to Employee under this Agreement (or any other agreement) and which are payable as a result of Employee s termination of employment that would otherwise have been payable at any time during the six (6)-month period immediately following such termination of employment shall not be paid prior to, and shall instead be payable in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh (7 th month following Employee s separation from service (or, if Employee dies during such period, within 30 days after Employee s death). 
 (d) Neither Employer nor Employee shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of, offset or assign any payment under this Agreement that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, except to the extent specifically permitted or required by Section 409A of the Code. 
 - 10 - 

Brandon LaVerne Employment Agreement 

 (e) If Employee is entitled to be paid or reimbursed for any taxable expenses under this Agreement, and such payments or reimbursements are includible in Employee s federal gross taxable income, the amount of such expenses reimbursable in any one calendar year shall not affect the amount reimbursable in any other calendar year, and the reimbursement of an eligible expense must be made no later than December 31 of the year after the year in which the expense was incurred. No right of Employee to reimbursement of expenses under this Agreement shall be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the tax treatment of the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed. To the extent that this Agreement or any payment or benefit hereunder shall be deemed not to comply with Section 409A, neither Employer, nor the Board, nor any member of its Compensation Committee, nor any of their successors shall be liable to Employee or to any other person for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by Employee as a result of the application of Section 409A or for reporting in good faith any amounts as subject thereto. 
 10.14 Amendment and Waiver . This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only by a writing executed by each of the parties, which in the case of Employer must be Employer s CEO. Either party may in writing waive any provision of this Agreement to the extent such provision is for the benefit of the waiving party. Any such waiver by Employer must be signed by Employer s CEO. No waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any subsequent or different breach, and no forbearance by a party to seek a remedy for noncompliance or breach by the other party shall be construed as a waiver of any right or remedy with respect to such noncompliance or breach. 
 10.15 Entire Agreement . This Agreement is the only agreement and understanding between the parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements, summaries of agreements, descriptions of compensation packages, discussions, negotiations, understandings, representations or warranties, whether verbal or written, between the parties pertaining to such subject matter including without limitation the Former Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 EMPLOYEE 
 s Brandon LaVerne 
 Brandon LaVerne 
 EMPLOYER 
 ONTRAK, INC. 
 By s Terren Peizer 
 Terren Peizer 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 - 11 - 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 exh1013-firstamendmenttomn.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.13 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO MASTER NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This FIRST AMENDMENT TO MASTER NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made as of August 12, 2022, by and among ONTRAK, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), as issuer, certain of its Subsidiaries, as Guarantors, ACUITAS CAPITAL LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (the Purchaser and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association, as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Collateral Agent ). Capitalized terms used in this Amendment (including the Recitals), to the extent not otherwise defined herein, shall have the same meaning as in the below referenced Note Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Company, certain of its Subsidiaries and the Purchaser are party to that certain Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2022 (the Existing Note Purchase Agreement and, as amended by this Amendment and as may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Note Purchase Agreement ), by and among the Company, certain of its Subsidiaries and the Purchaser, pursuant to which the Purchaser agreed to purchase senior secured notes from the Company 
 WHEREAS, the Company has requested that, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Purchaser agrees to modify certain provisions of the Existing Note Purchase Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, subject to the terms contained herein and the satisfaction of the conditions provided in Section 2 hereof, the Purchaser is willing to amend such terms and conditions of the Existing Note Purchase Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Amendments to Existing Note Purchase Agreement . Effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the Existing Note Purchase Agreement is amended to replace Appendix A thereto (the Existing Appendix with the appendix attached hereto as Exhibit A . The Existing Appendix is amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text or stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text or double-underlined text as set forth in the appendix attached hereto as Exhibit A . 
 2. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective upon the satisfaction of all of the following conditions precedent or waiver thereof by the Purchaser and in reliance on the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 hereof (such date, the First Amendment Effective Date 
 i. The Purchaser shall have received a copy of this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Company, as issuer, certain of its Subsidiaries, as Guarantors, the Collateral Agent and the Purchaser 
 ii. The Purchaser shall have received copies of the Collateral Documents duly executed and delivered by the Company, as issuer, certain of its 

Subsidiaries, as Guarantors, the Collateral Agent and the Purchaser, as applicable 
 iii. The Purchaser shall have certification from each Note Party that the representations and warranties contained in this Amendment, in the Existing Note Purchase Agreement and in the other Note Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date to the same extent as though made on and as of that date, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not apply to any representations and warranties to the extent already qualified or modified by materiality or similar concept in the text thereof 
 iv. Both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 v. The Note Parties shall have paid all outstanding costs and expenses owed to the Purchaser and the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 10.2 of the Existing Appendix to the Existing Note Purchase Agreement 
 vi. The Purchaser shall have received a Note in physical form in its name and in the amount of such Purchaser s Initial Notes Purchase Commitment, duly executed by the Company 
 vii. The Purchaser shall have received a Solvency Certificate from the Company dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date and addressed to the Purchaser, and in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser, with appropriate attachments and demonstrating that after giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment to be consummated on the First Amendment Effective Date, the Company and its Subsidiaries each is and will be Solvent 
 viii. The Purchaser shall have received in respect of each Note Party (i) sufficient copies of each Organizational Document, in each case certified by an Authorized Officer of such Note Party as of the First Amendment Effective Date or a recent date prior thereto (ii) signature and incumbency certificates of the officers of such Note Party executing this Amendment to which it is a party (iii) resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Note Party approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment to which it is a party or by which it or its assets may be bound as of the First Amendment Effective Date, certified as of the First Amendment Effective Date by an appropriate Authorized Officer as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment (iv) a good standing certificate from the applicable Governmental Authority of such Note Party s jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation and in each jurisdiction in which it is qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity to do business, each dated a recent date prior to the First Amendment Effective Date and (v) such other documents as the Purchaser may reasonably request and 
 ix. The Purchaser and the Collateral Agent shall have received all other information with respect to this Amendment, the Existing Note Purchase 
 2 

Agreement or any other Note Documents as reasonably requested by the Purchaser or the Collateral Agent, respectively. 
 3. Fees and Expenses . The Company agrees to reimburse all reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses of, or incurred by, the Purchaser or the Collateral Agent, including but not limited to out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of counsel to the Purchaser and counsel to the Collateral Agent in connection with the evaluation, negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment. 
 4. Security . Each Note Party expressly acknowledges and agrees that all collateral, security interests, liens, pledges and mortgages granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in connection with the Existing Note Purchase Agreement, this Amendment, or hereafter granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and all other supplements to the Existing Note Purchase Agreement or any other Note Document, extend to and cover all of the Obligations of the Note Parties to the Purchasers, now existing or hereafter arising including, without limitation, those arising in connection with the Note Purchase Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, upon the terms set forth in such agreements, and all of such security interests, liens, pledges, and mortgages are hereby ratified, reaffirmed, confirmed and approved. Each Note Party hereby restates, ratifies and reaffirms each and every term and condition set forth in the Note Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, and the other Note Documents, effective as of the date hereof, including, without limitation, the grant of security interests and liens by the Company and the other Note Parties under the Collateral Documents and confirms and agrees that such security interests and liens hereafter secure all of the Obligations as amended hereby. The validity and enforceability of any appointment of the Collateral Agent as proxy or attorney-in-fact under any Collateral Document is ratified and reaffirmed as of the date hereof, which appointment remains IRREVOCABLE and coupled with an interest until the Payment in Full of all Secured Obligations, for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of the Collateral Documents, in accordance with the terms of, and to the extent provided in, such Collateral Documents. 
 5. Representations and Warranties . Each Note Party represents and warrants to the Purchaser and the Collateral Agent as follows 
 i. it has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment and the documents contemplated hereby, and perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder 
 ii. this Amendment, the documents contemplated hereby and the Note Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Note Party and are enforceable against such Note Party in accordance with their terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, general equitable principles (whether considered in an proceeding in equity or at law) and or principles of good faith and fair dealing 
 iii. the execution, delivery or performance by such Note Party of this Amendment or any document contemplated herein are within its powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary action pursuant to its organizational documents, require no further action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental authority and do not violate, conflict with or cause a breach or a default under (x) any law or any of the organizational documents of such Note Party or (y) any agreement or instrument binding 
 3 

upon it, except for such violations, conflicts breaches or defaults as could not, with respect to this clause (y), reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 iv. both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date hereof 
 v. as of the date hereof, and after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, the representations and warranties of the Note Parties contained in the Existing Note Purchase Agreement and any Note Document are true and correct in all material respects (provided that if such representation or warranty is by its terms qualified by concepts of materiality, such representation and warranty are true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date hereof, in each case except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date in which case such representations and warranties are true and correct in all material respects (subject to the foregoing parenthetical with respect to materiality) as of such earlier date 
 vi. such Note Party shall not be a party to any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits the grant, creation, assumption or perfection of any Lien upon such Note Party s properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure the Obligations and 
 vii. since December 31, 2021, there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 
 6. Reference to, and Effect on, Note Purchase Agreement and the Note Documents . 
 i. Ratification of Note Purchase Agreement and the Note Documents . Except as specifically amended above or in connection with this Amendment (as applicable), the Note Purchase Agreement and the Note Documents shall remain in full force and effect. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the terms of this Amendment are not intended to and do not effect a novation of the Note Purchase Agreement or any Note Document. Each Note Party hereby ratifies and reaffirms each of the terms and conditions of the Note Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, and the Note Documents, as amended in connection herewith, to which it is a party and all of its obligations thereunder. 
 ii. No Waiver . The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Collateral Agent or any Purchaser under the Note Purchase Agreement or any of the Note Documents. 
 iii. References . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment each reference in (i) the Note Purchase Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, or words of similar import and (ii) any Note Document to the Note Purchase Agreement, or words of similar import shall, in each case and except as otherwise specifically stated therein, mean and be a reference to the Note Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby. 
 7. Incorporation of Note Purchase Agreement Provisions . The provisions contained in Section 10.14 (Applicable Law), Section 10.15 (Consent to Jurisdiction) and Section 10.16 
 4 

(Waiver of Jury Trial) of the Existing Appendix to the Existing Note Purchase Agreement are incorporated herein by reference to the same extent as if reproduced herein in their entirety. 
 8. Conflict . If there is an express conflict between the terms of this Amendment and the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, or any of the other agreements or documents executed in connection therewith or referred to or incorporated therein, the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement shall govern and control. If there is an express conflict between the terms of this Amendment and the terms of any other Note Document, the terms of this Amendment shall govern and control. 
 9. Entire Agreement . This Amendment constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other understandings, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 10. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by facsimile or electronic transmission of a portable document file (also known as a .pdf file) of an executed counterpart signature page shall be effective as a manually executed counterpart signature hereof. 
 11. Severability . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from the remainder of this Amendment and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 12. Status as a Note Document . This Amendment constitutes a Note Document. 
 13. Headings . Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and shall not affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 
 14. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and provisions of the Amendment shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 Signature pages follow 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 ISSUER 
 ONTRAK, INC., as Issuer 
 By s Brandon LaVerne 
 Name Brandon LaVerne 
 Title Chief Operating Officer 
 GUARANTORS 
 LIFEDOJO INC., as Guarantor 
 By s Brandon LaVerne 
 Name Brandon LaVerne 
 Title Treasurer 
 LD ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, INC., as Guarantor 
 By s Brandon LaVerne 
 Name Brandon LaVerne 
 Title Treasurer 
 PURCHASER 
 ACUITAS CAPITAL LLC, as Purchaser 
 By s Terren S. Peizer 
 Name Terren S. Peizer 
 Title Chairman 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Master Note Purchase Agreement 

COLLATERAL AGENT 
 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, as Collateral Agent 
 By s Fonda Hall 
 Name Fonda Hall 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Master Note Purchase Agreement 

Exhibit A Appendix A to Master Note Purchase Agreement 
 Attached 

APPENDIX A TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 Section 1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 1 
 1.1 Definitions 1 
 1.2 Accounting Terms, Financials Statements, Calculations, Etc. 28 
 1.3 Interpretation, Etc. 29 
 Section 2. NOTES 30 29 
 2.1 Issuance and Purchase of the Notes. 30 29 
 2.2 Issuance of Notes. 30 
 2.3 Reserved . 30 
 2.4 Reserved . 30 
 2.5 Use of Proceeds 30 
 2.6 Evidence of Debt Register Replacement of Notes. 30 
 2.7 Interest on Notes. 31 
 2.8 Reserved . 31 
 2.9 Default Interest 31 
 2.10 Reserved . 32 31 
 2.11 Scheduled Payments 32 31 
 2.12 Voluntary Prepayments. 32 31 
 2.13 Mandatory Prepayments. 32 
 2.14 Application of Prepayments. 34 
 2.15 General Provisions Regarding Payments. 34 
 2.16 Ratable Sharing 35 
 2.17 Inability to Determine Rate Increase Cost, Reduced Return, and Funding Losses. 36 35 
 2.18 Reserved . 36 
 2.19 Taxes Withholding, Etc. 37 36 
 2.20 Obligation to Mitigate 39 38 
 2.21 Defaulting Purchasers 39 38 
 2.22 Removal or Replacement of a Purchaser 39 
 2.23 Representations and Warranties by the Purchasers 40 
 Section 3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 41 40 
 3.1 Closing Date 41 40 
 3.2 Conditions to Each Credit Date. 43 42 
 Section 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 45 44 
 4.1 Organization Requisite Power and Authority Qualification 45 
 -i- 

4.2 Capital Stock and Ownership 45 
 4.3 Due Authorization 45 
 4.4 No Conflict 45 
 4.5 Governmental Consents 46 45 
 4.6 Binding Obligation 46 45 
 4.7 Historical Financial Statements 46 45 
 4.8 Projections 46 
 4.9 No Material Adverse Change 46 
 4.10 No Restricted Junior Payments 46 
 4.11 Adverse Proceedings, etc. 46 
 4.12 Payment of Taxes 47 46 
 4.13 Properties. 47 46 
 4.14 Environmental Matters 47 
 4.15 No Defaults 48 47 
 4.16 Material Contracts 48 47 
 4.17 Governmental Regulation 48 47 
 4.18 Federal Reserve Regulations Exchange Act. 48 
 4.19 Employee Matters 48 
 4.20 Employee Benefit Plans 49 48 
 4.21 Certain Fees 49 
 4.22 Solvency 49 
 4.23 No Negative Pledge 49 
 4.24 Compliance with Statutes, Etc. 49 
 4.25 Healthcare Compliance. 50 49 
 4.26 Disclosure. 52 51 
 Section 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 52 
 5.1 Financial Statements and Other Reports 53 52 
 5.2 Existence 56 
 5.3 Payment of Taxes and Claims 56 
 5.4 Maintenance of Properties 57 56 
 5.5 Insurance 57 56 
 5.6 Books and Records Inspections 57 
 5.7 Meetings 57 
 5.8 Compliance with Laws 58 57 
 5.9 Environmental. 58 57 
 5.10 Additional Guarantors. 59 58 
 -ii- 

5.11 Additional Locations and Material Real Estate Assets. 59 
 5.12 Compliance with Reporting Requirements 60 59 
 5.13 Further Assurances 60 
 5.14 Miscellaneous Covenants 60 
 5.15 Personal Property Collateral 61 
 5.16 Post Closing Matters 62 61 
 5.17 Reserved 62 61 
 Section 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 62 61 
 6.1 Indebtedness 62 61 
 6.2 Liens 63 
 6.3 Equitable Lien 65 64 
 6.4 No Further Negative Pledges 65 
 6.5 Restricted Junior Payments 65 
 6.6 Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions 66 65 
 6.7 Investments 66 65 
 6.8 Financial Covenants. 67 66 
 6.9 Fundamental Changes Disposition of Assets Acquisitions 67 
 6.10 Disposal of Subsidiary Interests 68 
 6.11 Sales and Lease-Backs 68 
 6.12 Reserved 68 
 6.13 Conduct of Business Foreign Subsidiaries 69 68 
 6.14 Fiscal Year Accounting Policies 69 68 
 6.15 Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts 69 68 
 6.16 Amendments to Organizational Agreements and Material Contracts 69 68 
 6.17 Prepayments of Certain Indebtedness 69 68 
 6.18 Use of Proceeds 69 
 6.19 Reserved 69 
 6.20 Prohibition on Division Series Transactions 69 
 Section 7. GUARANTY 69 
 7.1 Guaranty of the Obligations 69 
 7.2 Contribution by Guarantors 70 69 
 7.3 Payment by Guarantors 70 69 
 7.4 Liability of Guarantors Absolute 70 
 7.5 Waivers by Guarantors 72 71 
 7.6 Guarantors Rights of Subrogation, Contribution, Etc. 72 71 
 7.7 Subordination of Other Obligations 72 
 -iii- 

7.8 Continuing Guaranty 73 72 
 7.9 Authority of Guarantors or Company 73 72 
 7.10 Financial Condition of Company 73 72 
 7.11 Bankruptcy, etc. 73 72 
 7.12 Discharge of Guaranty Upon Sale of Guarantor 74 73 
 Section 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 74 73 
 8.1 Events of Default 74 73 
 8.2 Right to Cure. 76 75 
 8.2.1 Reserved . 76 75 
 8.2.2 Liquidity Cure 76 75 
 Section 9. COLLATERAL AGENT 77 76 
 9.1 Appointment of Collateral Agent 77 76 
 9.2 Powers and Duties 77 76 
 9.3 General Immunity. 77 
 9.4 Collateral Agent Entitled to Act as Purchaser 79 78 
 9.5 Reserved Compensation. 79 78 
 9.6 Right to Indemnity 79 78 
 9.7 Successor Collateral Agent. 79 
 9.8 Collateral Documents and Guaranty. 80 
 9.9 Reserved 81 
 9.10 Collateral Agent May File Bankruptcy Disclosure and Proofs of Claim 81 
 9.11 Bankruptcy Plan Voting 82 81 
 Section 10. MISCELLANEOUS 82 
 10.1 Notices. 82 
 10.2 Expenses 83 
 10.3 Indemnity and Related Reimbursement. 84 83 
 10.4 Set-Off 85 84 
 10.5 Amendments and Waivers. 85 
 10.6 Successors and Assigns Transferees. 87 
 10.7 Independence of Covenants 89 
 10.8 Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements 89 
 10.9 No Waiver Remedies Cumulative 89 
 10.10 Marshalling Payments Set Aside 90 89 
 10.11 Severability 90 89 
 10.12 Obligations Several Actions in Concert 90 89 
 10.13 Headings 90 
 -iv- 

10.14 APPLICABLE LAW 90 
 10.15 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 90 
 10.16 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 91 90 
 10.17 Confidentiality 91 
 10.18 Usury Savings Clause 92 91 
 10.19 Effectiveness Counterparts 92 91 
 10.20 Entire Agreement 92 
 10.21 PATRIOT Act 92 
 10.22 Electronic Execution of Transfers and Note Documents 92 
 10.23 No Fiduciary Duty 93 92 
 10.24 Reserved . 93 92 
 -v- 

Section 1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 1.1 Definitions . The following terms used herein, including in the exhibits and schedules hereto, shall have the following meanings 
 Acceptable Auditor means (i) a Big Four accounting firm or (ii) EisnerAmper, LLP or any other independent certified public accountant reasonably satisfactory to Requisite Purchasers. 
 Accounts means all accounts (as defined in the UCC) of Company (or, if referring to another Person, of such Person), including accounts, accounts receivable, monies due or to become due and obligations in any form (whether arising in connection with contracts, contract rights, instruments, general intangibles, or chattel paper), in each case whether arising out of goods sold or services rendered or from any other transaction and whether or not earned by performance, now or hereafter in existence, and all documents of title or other documents representing any of the foregoing, and all collateral security and guaranties of any kind, now or hereafter in existence, given by any Person with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Acquisition means the acquisition of, by purchase or otherwise (other than purchases or other acquisitions of inventory, materials and equipment and capital expenditures, in each case in the ordinary course of business), the business of, a substantial portion of the property or assets of, or a substantial portion of the Capital Stock or other evidence of beneficial ownership of, any Person, any division or line of business, or any other business unit of any Person. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation, plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment, plus (c) 15.49013. 
 Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding, hearing (in each case, whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of Company or any of its Subsidiaries) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign (including any Environmental Claims), whether pending or, to the knowledge of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling (including any member of the senior management group of such Person), controlled by, or under common control with, that Person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with ), as applied to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of that Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything in this definition to the contrary, neither Special Situations nor any of its Affiliates shall be considered an Affiliate of any Note Party or of any Subsidiary of any Note Party. 
 Agent Affiliates as defined in Section 10.1(b)(iii). 
 Aggregate Amounts Due as defined in Section 2.16. 
 Aggregate Payments as defined in Section 7.2. 
 Agreement means this Appendix A and the Master Note Purchase Agreement to which these Terms and Conditions are attached as Appendix A. 
 Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws means any and all requirements of law related to anti-bribery or anti-corruption matters, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. 
 Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws means any and all requirements of law related to engaging in, financing, or facilitating terrorism or money laundering, including the PATRIOT Act, The Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the Bank Secrecy Act , 31 U.S.C. 5311-5330 and 12 U.S.C. 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959), Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), Executive Order 13224 (effective September 24, 2001) and each of the laws, regulations, and executive orders administered by OFAC (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V). 
 Approved Electronic Communications means any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material that any Note Party provides to the Purchasers pursuant to any Note Document or the 
 -1- 

transactions contemplated therein that is distributed to Collateral Agent or any Purchaser by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 10.1(b). 
 Asset Sale means a sale, lease or sub lease (as lessor or sublessor), sale and leaseback, assignment, conveyance, transfer (including through a Division Series Transaction or plan of division), exclusive license (as licensor or sublicensor), or other disposition to, or any exchange of property with, any Person (other than to or with Company or any Note Party that is a Wholly-Owned Guarantor Subsidiary), in one transaction or a series of transactions, of all or any part of Company s or any of its Subsidiaries respective businesses, assets or properties of any kind, whether real, personal, or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, leased, or licensed, including the Capital Stock of any of Company s Subsidiaries. For purposes of clarification, Asset Sale shall include (x) the sale or other disposition for value of any contracts (other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), (y) the early termination or modification of any contract resulting in the receipt by Company or any of its Subsidiaries of a cash payment or other consideration in exchange for such event (other than payments in the ordinary course for accrued and unpaid amounts that would have been due through the date of termination or modification without giving effect thereto) and (z) the sale, disposition or early termination of any Managed Company Document resulting in the receipt by Company or any of its Subsidiaries of a cash payment or other consideration in exchange for such event (other than payments in the ordinary course for accrued and unpaid amounts that would have been due through the date of termination or modification without giving effect thereto). 
 Asset Sale Reinvestment Amounts as defined in Section 2.13(a). 
 Authorized Officer means, as applied to any Person that is an entity, any duly authorized individual natural Person holding the position of chairman of the Board of Directors (if an officer), chief executive officer, president, vice president, Chief Financial Officer, or, if approved by the Requisite Purchasers, any other officer position with similar authority provided, that (i) with respect to Company, for purposes of this Agreement, Terren S. Peizer shall not be considered an Authorized Officer and (ii) the secretary or assistant secretary of such Person, or another officer of such Person reasonably satisfactory to Requisite Purchasers, shall have delivered an incumbency certificate to the Purchaser verifying the authority of such Authorized Officer. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code. 
 Beneficiary means Collateral Agent and each Purchaser. 
 Board of Directors means, (a) with respect to any corporation or company, the board of directors of the corporation or company or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) with respect to a partnership, the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the general partner of the partnership, (c) with respect to a limited liability company, the manager, the managing member or members or any controlling committee or board of managers (or equivalent governing body) of such company or the sole member or the managing member thereof, and (d) with respect to any other Person, the entity, individual, board or committee of such Person serving a similar function. 
 Board of Governors means the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System, or any successor Governmental Authority. 
 Business Day means any day excluding Saturday, Sunday and any day that is a legal holiday under the laws of the State of New York or is a day on which banking institutions located in any such state are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close and, if such date relates to Term SOFR, means any such day meeting the above requirements that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 Capital Lease means, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person (i) as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is or should be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of that Person or (ii) as lessee which is a transaction of a type commonly known as a synthetic lease (i.e., a transaction that is treated as an operating lease for accounting purposes but with respect to which payments of rent are intended to be treated as payments of principal and interest on a loan for Federal income tax purposes). 
 Capital Lease Obligation means, as applied to any Person that is a lessee under any Capital Lease, that portion of obligations under such Capital Lease that is properly classified as a liability on a balance sheet in conformity with GAAP. 
 -2- 

Capital Stock means any and all shares, stock, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership or profits interests in a Person that is another type of entity, including partnership interests, membership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of interest, and profits interests, participations, or similar arrangements, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase, or other arrangements or rights to acquire, subscribe, convert to or otherwise receive or participate in the economic or other rights associated with any of the foregoing. 
 Cash means money, currency or a credit balance in any demand or Deposit Account. 
 Cash Equivalents means, as at any date of determination, (i) marketable securities (a) issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed as to interest and principal by the U.S. Federal Government, or (b) issued by any agency of the U.S., in each case of sub-clauses (a) and (b), the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S., mature within one year after such date, and have, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moody s (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the U.S. or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing within one year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moody s (iii) certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances maturing within three months after such date and issued or accepted by any Purchaser or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the U.S. or any state thereof or the District of Columbia that (a) is at least adequately capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary federal banking regulator), and (b) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) of not less than 1,000,000,000 and (iv) shares of any money market mutual fund that (a) has at least 95 of its assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, (b) has net assets of not less than 5,000,000,000, and (c) has the highest rating obtainable from both S&P and Moody s. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority. For purposes of this Agreement, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, guidelines and directives in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, be deemed to have been adopted and gone into effect after the date of this Agreement. 
 Change of Control means, at any time any Person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) other than Special Situations or any of its Affiliates or Terren S. Peizer (or any entity Wholly-Owned by Terren S. Peizer or any Affiliate of Terren S. Peizer) (a) shall have acquired beneficial ownership or control of (x) 30 or more on a fully diluted basis of (1) the voting interests in the Capital Stock of Company and or (2) the economic interests in the Capital Stock of Company, or (b) shall have obtained the power (whether or not exercised) to elect a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of Company. 
 Chief Financial Officer means, as applied to any Person that is an entity, any duly authorized individual natural Person holding the position of chief financial officer or, if approved by the Requisite Purchasers, any other officer position with similar financial responsibility provided, that the secretary or assistant secretary of such Person, or another officer of such Person reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Purchasers, shall have delivered an incumbency certificate to the Requisite Purchasers verifying the authority of such Authorized Officer. 
 CIH means California Integrated Health, P.C., a California professional corporation. 
 Closing Date means the date of the Agreement. 
 Closing Date Certificate means a certificate dated as of the Closing Date and substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1. 
 Collateral means, collectively, all of the real, personal and mixed property (including Capital Stock) in which Liens are granted and or purported to be granted pursuant to the Collateral Documents as security for the Obligations. 
 Collateral Agent means the Person designated by Purchaser as the collateral agent at the expense of Company on or prior to the tenth (10 th day following the Initial Note Date, and which executes and delivers a joinder to this Agreement in its capacity as Collateral Agent, in form reasonably acceptable to Company and Requisite Purchasers, it being understood and agreed that the Requisite Purchasers and the Collateral Agent shall be 
 -3- 

permitted to amend the terms hereof or of any other Note Document to reflect the terms of such joinder to this Agreement without the consent of Company. 
 Collateral Assignment of Managed Company Documents means any collateral assignment of any Managed Company Document, executed by any Note Party thereto, in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 Collateral Documents means the Pledge and Security Agreement, any Intellectual Property Security Agreements, any Mortgages, any Deposit Account Control Agreements, any Securities Account Control Agreements, any Landlord Collateral Access Agreements, any Collateral Assignment of Managed Company Documents and all other instruments, documents and agreements that are expressly designated pursuant to their terms to be Collateral Documents or are otherwise executed and delivered by or on behalf of any Note Party or any other Person pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Note Documents in order to grant to, or perfect in favor of, Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, a Lien on any real, personal or mixed property of that Note Party as security for the Obligations. 
 Collateral Questionnaire means the Perfection Certificate dated as of the date of each Credit Date and a collateral questionnaire and or perfection certificate in form reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers and the Collateral Agent, in each case, that provides information with respect to the personal or mixed property of each Note Party and their respective Subsidiaries and Controlled Entities. 
 Company has the meaning given to such term in the preamble of the Agreement. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Company substantially in the form of Exhibit C. 
 Company Obligations means all monetary obligations of the Note Parties that arise in connection with the operation of the business of the Note Parties in the ordinary course and consistent with the budgets approved from time to time by Company s Board of Directors. 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, for any period, an amount determined for Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis equal to (i) Consolidated Net Income plus (ii) in each case to the extent reducing Consolidated Net Income, the sum, without duplication, of the amounts for such period of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense, plus (b) provisions for taxes based on income, plus (c) total depreciation expense, plus (d) total amortization expense, plus (e) other non-Cash charges reducing Consolidated Net Income (excluding any such non-Cash charge to the extent that it represents an accrual or reserve for potential Cash charges in any future period or amortization of a prepaid Cash charge that was paid in a prior period) plus (f) extraordinary, non-recurring or other non-ordinary course losses or expenses approved by the Requisite Purchasers in their sole discretion, plus (g) stock-based compensation and (h) other items approved by the Requisite Purchasers in their sole discretion, minus (iii) in each case to the extent increasing Consolidated Net Income, the sum, without duplication, of the amounts for such period of (a) other non-Cash gains increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period (excluding any such non-Cash gain to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for potential Cash gain in any prior period), plus (b) interest income, plus (c) extraordinary, non-recurring or other non-ordinary course income, plus (d) capitalized software development costs plus (e) any Extraordinary Receipts plus (f) any income or losses from the early extinguishment of debt. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) for purposes of annualizing any calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA under this Agreement, no add-backs, adjustments or other income or gain items that are in the nature of one-time or non-recurring items or are otherwise made in respect of transactions, events, or circumstances that are not expected to recur in future periods may be annualized unless approved by the Requisite Purchasers in their sole discretion, and (ii) with respect to any period during which a Permitted Acquisition or an Asset Sale has occurred (each, a Subject Transaction ), for purposes of determining compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.8 or any other calculation herein using Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA shall be calculated with respect to such period on a pro forma basis (which pro forma adjustments shall be certified by a Chief Financial Officer of Company and may only be included in determining such compliance to the extent approved by the Requisite Purchasers in their sole discretion) using the historical financial statements (to be the audited financial statements, if available) of any business so acquired or to be acquired or sold or to be sold and the consolidated financial statements of Company and its Subsidiaries, which shall be reformulated as if such Subject Transaction, and any Indebtedness incurred or repaid in connection therewith, had been consummated or incurred or repaid at the beginning of such period (and assuming that such Indebtedness bears interest during any portion of the applicable measurement period prior to the relevant acquisition at the weighted average of the interest rates applicable to outstanding Notes incurred during such period) provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any adjustments specified in this clause 
 -4- 

(ii) shall be subject to the approval of the Requisite Purchasers in their sole discretion for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 Consolidated Capital Expenditures means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures of Company and its Subsidiaries during such period determined on a consolidated basis that, in accordance with GAAP, are or should be included in purchase of property and equipment or similar items , or that should otherwise be capitalized, as reflected in the consolidated statement of cash flows of Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Cash Interest Expense means, for any period, Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, excluding any paid-in-kind interest, any amortization of deferred financing costs, and any realized or unrealized gains or losses attributable to Interest Rate Agreements. 
 Consolidated Current Assets means, as at any date of determination, the total assets of Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis that are properly classified as current assets in conformity with GAAP, excluding Cash and Cash Equivalents. 
 Consolidated Current Liabilities means, as at any date of determination, the total liabilities of Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis that are properly classified as current liabilities in conformity with GAAP, excluding the current portion of long term debt. 
 Consolidated Excess Cash Flow means, for any period, an amount (if positive) determined for Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis equal to 
 (i) the sum, without duplication, of the amounts for such period of (a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, plus (b) to the extent deducted in the calculation Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, (1) interest income, plus (2) other non-ordinary course income (excluding any gains or losses attributable to Asset Sales), plus (c) the Consolidated Working Capital Adjustment minus 
 (ii) the sum, without duplication, of the amounts for such period paid from Internally Generated Cash of (a) to the extent permitted hereunder, voluntary and scheduled repayments (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, mandatory prepayments) of Indebtedness for borrowed money and scheduled payments of Capital Lease Obligations (excluding any interest expense portion thereof), plus (b) Consolidated Capital Expenditures, plus (c) Consolidated Cash Interest Expense, plus (d) provisions for current taxes based on income of Company and its Subsidiaries and payable by such Persons in cash with respect to such period. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, total interest expense (including that portion attributable to Capital Leases in accordance with GAAP and capitalized interest) of Company and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness, including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and net costs under Interest Rate Agreements but excluding, however, any amounts referred to in Section 2.10 payable on or before the Closing Date and excluding any dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock to the extent paid solely with amounts on deposit in the Initial Dividends Account. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of determining Consolidated Interest Expense for any period that would otherwise start before the Closing Date, such period shall instead start on the Closing Date and Consolidated Interest Expense shall be an amount equal to Consolidated Interest Expense from the Closing Date through the last day of such period multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is 360 and the denominator of which is the number of days from the Closing Date through the last day of such period. 
 Consolidated Liquidity means, at any time of determination, an amount determined for Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis equal to the sum of Qualified Cash of Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, (i) the net income (or loss) of Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period taken as a single accounting period determined in conformity with GAAP, minus (ii) in each case to the extent otherwise included in such net income (or loss) and without duplication, (a) the income (or loss) of any Person that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, (b) the income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Note Party or is merged into or consolidated with any Note Party or that Person s assets are acquired by any Note Party, (c) the income of any Subsidiary of Company to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Subsidiary of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Subsidiary, (d) any after-tax gains or losses attributable to Asset Sales or returned surplus assets of any Pension Plan, and (e) (to the extent not included in clauses (a) through (d) above) any net extraordinary gains or net extraordinary losses. 
 -5- 

Consolidated Recurring Revenue means, for any period of determination with respect to Company and its Subsidiaries, an amount for such period equal to the aggregate regular revenue (as determined in accordance with GAAP) paid by customers of the Note Parties to Company under their respective Contractual Obligations with Company net of (i) any discounts afforded the applicable customer (e.g., for prepayment or for paying by automatic clearinghouse or electronically) and (ii) any allowances or reserves for bad debt provided, however, that Consolidated Recurring Revenue shall not include any revenue attributable to or derived from (a) late fees or similar fees and (b) all other non-recurring revenues of Company and its Subsidiaries for services which are not provided on a regular and recurring basis such as unusual or infrequent income or receipts. 
 Consolidated Total Debt means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness of Company (excluding (a) obligations in respect of performance, appeal or other surety bonds or any obligations in respect of a lease properly classified as an operating lease in accordance with GAAP (b) any customer deposits or advance payments received in the ordinary course of business and (c) the Series A Preferred Stock) and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (or, if higher, the par value or stated face amount of all such Indebtedness). 
 Consolidated Working Capital means, as at any date of determination, the difference of Consolidated Current Assets minus Consolidated Current Liabilities. 
 Consolidated Working Capital Adjustment means, for any period of determination on a consolidated basis, the amount (which may be a negative number) equal to the difference of (i) Consolidated Working Capital as of the beginning of such period minus (ii) Consolidated Working Capital as of the end of such period. In calculating the Consolidated Working Capital Adjustment there shall be excluded the effect of reclassification during such period of current assets to long term assets and current liabilities to long term liabilities and the effect of any Permitted Acquisition during such period provided that there shall be included with respect to any Permitted Acquisition during such period an amount (which may be a negative amount) equal to the difference of (a) the Consolidated Working Capital acquired in such Permitted Acquisition as at the time of such acquisition minus (b) Consolidated Working Capital at the end of such period. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as applied to any Person, any provision of any Security issued by that Person or of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract, undertaking, agreement or other instrument to which that Person is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound or to which it or any of its properties is subject. 
 Contributing Guarantors as defined in Section 7.2. 
 Controlled Account means (a) any Deposit Account of a Note Party that is subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement, and (b) any Securities Account of a Note Party that is subject to a Securities Account Control Agreement. 
 Controlled Entity means any Note Party s Controlled Affiliates. As used in this definition, Control means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
 Counterpart Agreement means a Counterpart Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit G delivered by a Note Party pursuant to Section 5.10. 
 Credit Date means the date of the issuance and purchase of Notes. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the U.S., any state or territory thereof, the District of Columbia or any other applicable jurisdictions. 
 Default means a condition or event that, after notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 Default Excess means, with respect to any Defaulting Purchaser, the excess, if any, of such Defaulting Purchaser s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Notes (calculated as if all Defaulting Purchasers (other than such Defaulting Purchaser) had honored all of their respective Defaulted Purchase Obligations) over the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Notes of such Defaulting Purchaser. 
 -6- 

Default Period means, with respect to any Defaulting Purchaser, the period commencing on the date of the applicable Credit Date, and ending on the earliest of the following dates (i) the date on which all Commitments are cancelled or terminated and or the Obligations are declared or become immediately due and payable, (ii) the date on which (a) the Default Excess with respect to such Defaulting Purchaser shall have been reduced to zero (whether by the funding by such Defaulting Purchaser or any Defaulted Purchase Obligation of such Defaulting Purchaser or by the non-pro rata application of any voluntary or mandatory prepayments of the Notes in accordance with the terms of Section 2.12 or Section 2.13 or by a combination thereof), and (b) such Defaulting Purchaser shall have delivered to Company and each other Purchaser a written reaffirmation of its intention to honor its obligations hereunder with respect to its Commitments, and (iii) the date on which Company and Requisite Purchasers waive all Defaulted Purchase Obligations of such Defaulting Purchaser in writing. 
 Default Rate means any interest payable pursuant to Section 2.9. 
 Defaulted Purchase Obligation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.21. 
 Defaulting Purchaser shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.21. 
 Deposit Account means any deposit account as defined in Article 9 of the UCC. 
 Deposit Account Control Agreement means, with respect to a Deposit Account, an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent that (i) is entered into among Collateral Agent, the financial institution or other Person at which such Deposit Account is maintained, and the Note Party maintaining such Deposit Account, and (ii) is effective for Collateral Agent to obtain control (within the meaning of Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC) of such Deposit Account. 
 Director means any natural Person constituting the Board of Directors or an individual member thereof. 
 Dispose means, with respect to any Person, any conveyance, sale, lease (as lessor), license (as licensor), exchange, assignment, transfer or other disposition by such Person of any property or assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to any other Person, in each case, whether or not the consideration therefor consists of Cash, Cash Equivalents, Securities or any other property or assets. For purposes of clarification, Dispose shall include (a) the sale or other disposition for value of any contracts, (b) the early termination or modification of any contract by any Person resulting in the receipt by such Person of a Cash payment or other consideration in exchange for such event (other than payments in the ordinary course for previously accrued and unpaid amounts due through the date of termination or modification) or (c) any sale of merchant accounts (or any rights thereto (including any rights to any residual payment stream with respect thereto)). 
 Disqualified Capital Stock means any Capital Stock, other than the Special Situations Warrants, that, by its terms (or by the terms of any other instrument, agreement or Capital Stock into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the occurrence of any event or condition (i) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Capital Stock that is not otherwise Disqualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (ii) is redeemable at the option of the holder or beneficial owner thereof (other than solely for Capital Stock that is not otherwise Disqualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, (iii) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends, distributions or other Restricted Junior Payments in cash, or (iv) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other obligation, instrument, agreement, or Capital Stock that would meet any of the conditions in clauses (i), (ii), or (iii) of this definition, in each case, prior to the date that is one hundred eighty days after the Notes Maturity Date, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), if as a result of a change of control or asset sale, so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of such a change of control or asset sale event are subject to the prior Payment in Full of all Obligations. 
 Disqualified Institution means any Person that is a direct competitor of the Note Parties that is designated by its legal name by Company in a written notice delivered to the Purchasers on or prior to the date such disqualified institution becomes a Purchaser hereunder, together with any affiliates of any such disqualified institution that that are either (i) reasonably identifiable as such on the basis of their name or (ii) otherwise identified as such in writing by or on behalf of Company. 
 Distribution as defined in Section 7.7. 
 Division Series Transaction means with respect to any Note Party and or any of their respective Subsidiaries that is a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, that any such Person (a) divides into two or more Persons (whether or not the original Note Party or Subsidiary thereof survives 
 -7- 

such division) or (b) creates, or reorganizes into, one or more series, in each case, as contemplated under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 Dollars and the sign mean the lawful money of the U.S. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary organized under the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 Earn Out Obligations means any obligation or liability consisting of an earnout or similar deferred purchase price that is issued or otherwise incurred as consideration for any acquisition of any property. 
 Eligible Transferee means (i) (a) any Purchaser and any Affiliate of any Purchaser and any Related Fund to which all of such Purchaser s Notes are transferred (any two or more Related Funds being treated as a single Eligible Transferee for all purposes hereof), and (b) any commercial bank, insurance company, investment or mutual fund or other entity that is an accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) and extends credit or buys notes as one of its businesses, provided that with respect to subclause (b), Requisite Purchasers consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) shall be required for any such Person to become a Purchaser, and (ii) any other Person approved by Company (so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) and Requisite Purchasers, it being understood that Company shall be deemed to have approved such Person if Company fails to either approve or reject such Person within five (5) Business Days after any written request for such approval by Requisite Purchasers provided that no Disqualified Institution shall be an Eligible Transferee so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 Employee Benefit Plan means any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA that is or was sponsored, maintained or contributed to by, or required to be contributed by, Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates. 
 Environmental Claim means any investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (i) pursuant to or in connection with any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law (ii) in connection with any Hazardous Material or any actual or alleged Hazardous Materials Activity or (iii) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat or harm to health, safety, natural resources or the environment. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all current or future foreign or domestic, federal or state (or any subdivision of either of them), statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments, Governmental Authorizations, or any other requirements of Governmental Authorities relating to (i) environmental matters, including those relating to any Hazardous Materials Activity (ii) the generation, use, storage, transportation or disposal of Hazardous Materials or (iii) occupational safety and health, industrial hygiene, land use or the protection of human, plant or animal health or welfare, in any manner applicable to Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Facility. 
 Equity Transfer Restriction Agreements means any equity, membership interest, stock transfer restriction, succession planning, continuity, equity pledge or similar agreement executed by an owner of the Capital Stock of a Managed Company in favor of a Note Party in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Purchasers. For the avoidance of any doubt, the term Equity Transfer Restriction Agreements shall include the Option Agreement between Company and Christopher Wood, M.D., effective June 1, 2018. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERISA Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, (i) any corporation that is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of which that Person is a member (ii) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is a member of a group of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of which that Person is a member and (iii) any member of an affiliated service group within the meaning of Section 414(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of which that Person, any corporation described in clause (i) above or any trade or business described in clause (ii) above is a member. Any former ERISA Affiliate of Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall continue to be considered an ERISA Affiliate of Company or any such Subsidiary within the meaning of this definition with respect to the period such entity was an ERISA Affiliate of Company or such Subsidiary and with respect to liabilities arising after such period for which Company or such Subsidiary could be liable under the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA. 
 -8- 

ERISA Event means (i) a reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued thereunder with respect to any Pension Plan (excluding those for which the provision for thirty day notice to the PBGC has been waived by regulation) (ii) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to any Pension Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Internal Revenue Code) or the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan (iii) the provision by the administrator of any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate such plan in a distress termination described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA (iv) the withdrawal by Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from any Pension Plan with two or more contributing sponsors or the termination of any such Pension Plan resulting in liability to Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA (v) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate any Pension Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition that could reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan (vi) the imposition of liability on Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates pursuant to Section 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA (vii) the withdrawal of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan if there is any potential liability therefor, or the receipt by Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in reorganization or insolvency pursuant to Section 4241 or 4245 of ERISA, or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under Section 4041A or 4042 of ERISA (viii) the occurrence of an act or omission that could give rise to the imposition on Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates of fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Chapter 43 of the Internal Revenue Code or under Section 409, Section 502(c), (i) or (l), or Section 4071 of ERISA in respect of any Employee Benefit Plan (ix) the assertion of a material claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Employee Benefit Plan other than a Multiemployer Plan or the assets thereof, or against Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates in connection with any Employee Benefit Plan (x) receipt from the Internal Revenue Service of notice of the failure of any Pension Plan (or any other Employee Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code) to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Pension Plan to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code or (xi) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or pursuant to Section 303(k) of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan. 
 Event of Default means each of the conditions or events set forth in Section 8.1. 
 Exchange means the Nasdaq Stock Market or such other exchange on which Company s common stock is listed. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Excluded Accounts means payroll, employee benefits or zero balance accounts maintained by the Note Parties, as long as (i) in the case of payroll accounts, the total amount on deposit at any time does not exceed the current amount of payroll obligations of the Note Parties, and (ii) in the case of zero balance accounts, any deposits or funds in any such accounts are transferred at least once each Business Day into a Controlled Account (including, for the avoidance of doubt, at any time following the exercise of exclusive control by the Collateral Agent under the applicable control agreement with respect to such Controlled Account). 
 Extraordinary Receipts means any Cash received by or paid for the account of Company or any of its Subsidiaries outside of the ordinary course of such Person s business and any such payments in respect of purchase price adjustments (excluding working capital adjustments), tax refunds, judgments, settlements for actual or potential litigation or similar claims, pension plan reversions, proceeds of insurance, indemnity payments, payments in respect of Earn Out Obligations or Seller Financing Indebtedness, and similar payments provided, however, that Extraordinary Receipts shall not include (i) proceeds of any indemnity payment to the extent that no Event of Default exists at the time of receipt of such proceeds and such proceeds are promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) used to pay related third party claims and expenses or (ii) proceeds otherwise subject to 2.13(a) through 2.13(g). 
 Facility means any real property (including all buildings, fixtures or other improvements located thereon) now, hereafter or heretofore owned, leased, operated or used by Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective predecessors or Affiliates. 
 Fair Share as defined in Section 7.2. 
 -9- 

Fair Share Contribution Amount as defined in Section 7.2. 
 FATCA means (a) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code, (b) any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and any other jurisdiction, with the purpose (in either case) of facilitating the implementation of clause (a) above, or (c) any agreement pursuant to the implementation of clauses (a) or (b) above with the United States Internal Revenue Service, the United States government or any governmental or taxation authority. 
 Federal Healthcare Programs means any federal health care program as defined in 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(f), including Medicare, state Medicaid programs, state CHIP programs, TRICARE and similar or successor programs with or for the benefit of any Governmental Authority. 
 Financial Officer Certification means, with respect to the financial statements for which such certification is required, the certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Company that, as of the date of such certification, such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition of Company and its Subsidiaries as at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods indicated, subject to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments. 
 Financial Plan as defined in Section 5.1(i). 
 First Priority means, (i) with respect to any Lien purported to be created in any Collateral not consisting of Capital Stock pursuant to any Collateral Document, that such Lien is the only Lien to which such Collateral is subject, other than any Permitted Lien, and (ii) with respect to any Lien purported to be created in any Collateral consisting of Capital Stock, that such Lien is the highest priority Lien to which such Collateral is subject, other than any non-consensual Permitted Liens for Taxes, statutory obligations, or other obligations that arise and have higher priority by operation of law. 
 Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year. 
 Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of Company and its Subsidiaries ending on December 31 of each calendar year. 
 Flood Certificate means a Standard Flood Hazard Determination Form of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and any successor Governmental Authority performing a similar function. 
 Flood Hazard Property means any Real Estate Asset subject to a mortgage in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, and located in an area designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as having special flood or mud slide hazards. 
 Flood Program means the National Flood Insurance Program created by the U.S. Congress pursuant to the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004. 
 Flood Zone means areas having special flood hazards as described in the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a Natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in notes, commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 Funding Guarantor as defined in Section 7.2. 
 Funding Notice means a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1. 
 GAAP means, subject to Section 1.2, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles in effect as of the date of determination thereof. 
 -10- 

Goldman NPA means the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2019, by and among Company, as issuer, certain of its Subsidiaries, as Guarantors, the purchasers party thereto from time to time, and Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P., as collateral agent, as amended, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Goldman NPA Collateral Agent means Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P. or its successor, as collateral agent under the Goldman NPA. 
 Goldman NPA Obligations means all Obligations (as defined in the Goldman NPA) under the Goldman NPA. 
 Governmental Authority means any federal, state, municipal, national, regional, provincial or other government, quasi-governmental, governmental department, commission, board, bureau, court, judicial body, tribunal, self-regulatory organization, regulatory or administrative authority, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity or officer exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative authority or functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with a state of the U.S., the U.S., or a foreign entity or government. 
 Governmental Authorization means any permit, license, certificate, accreditation, qualification, authorization, approval, clearance, exemption, variance, plan, directive, consent order or consent decree of or from, and any notice, filing, registration, qualification, declaration and designation with, any Governmental Authority. 
 Grantor as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 
 GSA as defined in Section 4.25(c). 
 Guaranteed Obligations as defined in Section 7.1. 
 Guarantor means (a) Company, to the extent that Company is not already the primary obligor in respect of any Obligations, (b) each Subsidiary of Company that executes this Agreement on the Closing Date, and (c) each other Person that guarantees, pursuant to Section 5.10, Section 7.1 or otherwise, all or any part of the Obligations. 
 Guarantor Subsidiary means each Guarantor. 
 Guaranty means (a) the guaranty of each Guarantor set forth in Section 7, and (b) each other guaranty of the Obligations that is made by any other Guarantor in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Secured Parties. 
 Hazardous Materials means any chemical, material or substance, exposure to which is prohibited, limited or regulated by any Governmental Authority or that may or could pose a hazard to the health and safety of the owners, occupants or any Persons in the vicinity of any Facility or to the indoor or outdoor environment. 
 Hazardous Materials Activity means any past, current, proposed or threatened activity, event or occurrence involving any Hazardous Materials, including the use, manufacture, possession, storage, holding, presence, existence, location, Release, threatened Release, discharge, placement, generation, transportation, processing, construction, treatment, abatement, removal, remediation, disposal, disposition or handling of any Hazardous Materials, and any corrective action or response action with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Healthcare Laws means any and all requirements of law (including statutes, ordinances, codes, regulation, rules, guidance, instructions or other requirements or issuances of any Governmental Authority) and Orders regulating health care providers, health insurers, health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, preferred provider organizations, provider contracting or provider network administrators, third party administrators, benefit managers, or other entities, or relating to the practice of medicine, the provision or administration or management of, marketing or advertising of, or the billing, coding or payment for, health care products or services, including professional clinical or medical services, and other ancillary services and other products or services offered by Company, including, without limitation, all laws and Orders relating to (i) all health care fraud or abuse laws, including, without limitation, the Federal anti-kickback law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b), the Federal physician self referral law (42 U.S.C. 1395nn), the Federal False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729, et seq.), the Federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a), the Federal Program Fraud Civil Remedies Act (31 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), the Federal Health Care Fraud Law (18 U.S.C. 1347), and the Beneficiary Inducement Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a(a)(5)), and all other laws relating to self-referral, anti-kickback, illegal remuneration, fraud and abuse or the making of false claims, financial relationships between referral sources and referral recipients, billing or claims for reimbursement submitted to any Payor Counterparty or other third party payor, and 
 -11- 

all state equivalents thereto (ii) Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, 42 U.S.C. 1395-1395hhh (the Medicare statute), including, without limitation, the amendments implemented by the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 and the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, and all laws pertaining to Medicare Advantage (iii) Title XIX of the Social Security Act, 42 U.S.C. 1396-1396v (the Medicaid statute) (iv) TRICARE, 10 U.S.C. 1071 et seq. (v) all professional licensure and practice laws, including all laws governing patient records, informed consent, medical documentation, medical necessity, physician orders, patient safety, care coordination, unprofessional conduct, referrals, billing and submission of false claims, fee-splitting and corporate practice of medicine (vi) laws relating to licensure, certification, qualification, accreditation, or authority to operate as a health care provider or care manager (vii) laws promulgated by state insurance regulators or otherwise relating to the provision of, administration of, arrangement for, or payment for, health benefits or health insurance, including but not limited to laws regulating health insurers, health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, entities bearing the financial risk for the provision or arrangement of health care services, third party administrators, utilization review organizations, provider contracting organizations, provider network administrators, preferred provider organizations, or benefit managers, and laws relating to the delegation of functions by health insurers or health maintenance organizations to third parties, contractual arrangements with health care providers, quality assurance, care management, coordination of benefits, or credentialing (viii) Privacy and Data Security Laws, and all federal and state laws concerning privacy, security or confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information (ix) the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Pub. L. 111-148) as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-152) (x) pharmacology and controlled substances laws, including the Federal Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801, et seq.) and the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and (xi) with respect to each of the forgoing, any regulations or guidance promulgated thereunder by a Governmental Authority. 
 Hedge Agreement means any Interest Rate Agreement and any other derivative or hedging contract, agreement, confirmation, or other similar transaction or arrangement that is entered into by Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including any commodity or equity exchange, swap, collar, cap, floor, adjustable strike cap, adjustable strike corridor, cross-currency swap or forward rate agreement, spot or forward foreign currency or commodity purchase or sale, listed or over-the-counter option or similar derivative right related to any of the foregoing, non-deliverable forward or option, foreign currency swap agreement, currency exchange rate price hedging arrangement, or other arrangement designed to protect against fluctuations in interest rates or currency exchange rates, commodity, currency, or Securities values, or any combination of the foregoing agreements or arrangements. 
 Highest Lawful Rate means the maximum lawful interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, charged, or received under the laws applicable to any Purchaser that are in effect as of the Closing Date or, to the extent allowed by law, under such applicable laws that may be in effect after the Closing Date and allow a higher maximum nonusurious interest rate than applicable laws in effect as of the Closing Date. 
 HIPAA means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and all of the implementing rules and regulations at 45 CFR Part 160, 162 and 164. 
 Historical Financial Statements means the audited financial statements of Company and its Subsidiaries, for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Immaterial Fee-Owned Properties means, as of any date of determination, any individual fee-owned Real Estate Asset having a fair market value less than 2,000,000 provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) if at any time Company and its subsidiaries own, in the aggregate, multiple fee-owned Real Estate Assets that, in the aggregate, have a fair market value in excess of 4,000,000, then Company shall notify the Purchasers thereof and the Requisite Purchasers shall have the option, exercisable in its sole discretion, to designate any such Real Estate Assets as Material Real Estate Assets, and (b) any fee-owned Real Estate Asset designated as a Material Real Estate Asset pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition thereof and any fee-owned Real Estate Asset set forth on Schedule 1.1(b) shall not constitute Immaterial Fee-Owned Properties . 
 Increased-Cost Purchaser as defined in Section 2.22. 
 Indebtedness , as applied to any Person, means, without duplication, (i) all indebtedness for borrowed money (ii) Capital Lease Obligations (iii) notes payable and drafts accepted representing extensions of credit whether or not representing obligations for borrowed money (iv) any obligation owed for all or any part of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding any such obligations incurred under ERISA or any trade payable incurred in the ordinary course of business unless (a) more than ninety (90) days past due or (b) such obligations are evidenced by a note or a similar written instrument), including any Earn Out Obligations and Seller Financing Indebtedness (v) all indebtedness secured by any Lien on any property or asset owned or held by that 
 -12- 

Person regardless of whether the indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed by that Person or is nonrecourse to the credit of that Person (vi) the face amount of any letter of credit or similar instrument issued for the account of (or similar credit transaction entered into for the benefit of) that Person or as to which that Person is otherwise liable for reimbursement of drawings or is otherwise an obligor (vii) Disqualified Capital Stock, with the amount of Indebtedness represented by such Disqualified Capital Stock being equal to the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference and its maximum fixed repurchase price (for purposes hereof, the maximum fixed repurchase price of any Disqualified Capital Stock that does not have a fixed repurchase price shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Disqualified Capital Stock as if such Disqualified Capital Stock were purchased on any date on which Indebtedness shall be required to be determined pursuant to this Agreement, and as if such price were based upon, or measured by, the fair market value of such Disqualified Capital Stock) (viii) the direct or indirect guaranty, endorsement (otherwise than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the obligation of another (ix) any obligation of such Person the primary purpose or intent of which is to provide assurance to an obligee that the obligation of the obligor thereof will be paid or discharged, or any agreement relating thereto will be complied with, or the holders thereof will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss in respect thereof (x) any liability of such Person for an obligation of another through any agreement (contingent or otherwise) (a) to purchase, repurchase or otherwise acquire such obligation or provide any security therefor, or to provide funds for the payment or discharge of such obligation (whether in the form of loans, advances, stock purchases, capital contributions or otherwise) or (b) to maintain the solvency or any balance sheet item, level of income or financial condition of another if, in the case of any agreement described under subclauses (a) or (b) of this clause (x), the primary purpose or intent thereof is as described in clause (ix) above (xi) all obligations of such Person in respect of any exchange traded or over the counter derivative transaction, including under any Hedge Agreement, in each case whether entered into for hedging or speculative purposes or otherwise, provided, the principal amount of obligations under any Hedge Agreement that has not been terminated shall be deemed to be the Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of Company and its subsidiaries thereunder, and (xii) any obligations consisting of accounts payable or other monetary liabilities that do not fall into the foregoing categories of Indebtedness but are overdue more than ninety (90) days. 
 Indemnified Liabilities means, collectively, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages (including natural resource damages), penalties, claims (including Environmental Claims), actions, judgments, suits, costs (including the costs of any investigation, study, sampling, testing, abatement, cleanup, removal, remediation or other response action necessary to remove, remediate, clean up or abate any Hazardous Materials Activity), Taxes, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including attorneys fees and any fees or expenses incurred by Indemnitees in enforcing this indemnity), whether direct, indirect, special, or consequential and whether based on any federal, state or foreign laws, statutes, rules or regulations (including securities and commercial laws, statutes, rules or regulations and Environmental Laws), on common law or equitable cause or on contract or otherwise, that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against any such Indemnitee, in any manner relating to or arising out of (i) this Agreement or the other Note Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including any Purchaser s agreement to purchase any Notes or the use or intended use of the proceeds thereof, or any enforcement of any of the Note Documents (including any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon any of the Collateral or the enforcement of the Guaranty)) or (ii) any Environmental Claim or Hazardous Materials Activity relating to or arising from, directly or indirectly, any past or present activity, operation, land ownership, or practice of Company or any of its Subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, the Indemnified Liabilities shall not include, and shall expressly exclude, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, Taxes, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including attorneys fees), whether direct, indirect, special, or consequential and whether based on any federal, state or foreign laws, statutes, rules or regulations, on common law or equitable cause or on contract or otherwise, that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against Purchaser or any of its Affiliates for which Company is obligated to indemnify or advance expenses pursuant to the provisions of Company s Organizational Documents or any arrangement described in Article SIXTH, Section 3(b) of Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 Indemnitee means (i) Collateral Agent and its Affiliates, officers, partners, members, Directors, trustees, employees, agents and sub-agents and (ii) any Purchaser and its Affiliates, officers, partners, members, Directors, shareholders, trustees, employees, agent and sub-agents. 
 Indemnitee Agent Party as defined in Section 9.6. 
 Initial Dividends Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.15. 
 Initial Note Date means the first date on which Company sells to any Purchaser, and any Purchaser purchases from Company, a Note pursuant to Section 2.1 . 
 Initial Notes means the Notes issued by Company and purchased by a Purchaser on the Initial Note Date. 
 -13- 

Initial Notes Purchase Commitment means the commitment of a Purchaser to purchase the Initial Notes and Initial Notes Purchase Commitments means such commitments of all Purchasers in the aggregate. The amount of each Purchaser s Initial Notes Purchase Commitment, if any, is set forth on Appendix A-1, subject to any adjustment or reduction pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. The aggregate amount of the Initial Notes Purchase Commitments as of the Closing Date immediately prior to giving effect to the purchase of the Initial Notes is 25,000,000. 
 Initial Purchaser has the meaning given to such term in the preamble of the Agreement. 
 Insurance Condemnation Reinvestment Amounts as defined in Section 2.13(b). 
 Insurance Condemnation Reinvestment Period as defined in Section 2.13(b). 
 Intellectual Property as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 
 Intercompany Note and Subordination means a global intercompany promissory note and subordination that evidences and subordinates certain Indebtedness and other monetary liabilities owed among Note Parties and their Subsidiaries and certain other controlled Affiliates, as applicable, substantially in the form of Exhibit I. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) the last day of each month, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Initial Note Date, and (b) the Notes Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means, as to each Note, (i) initially the period commencing on the date such Note is issued and ending on the last Business Day of the calendar month in which such Note is issued and (ii) the period commencing on the day after the end of the last Interest Period and ending on the date one (1) month thereafter, provided , that 
 (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day 
 (b) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period 
 (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Notes Maturity Date, so the last Interest Period shall end on the Notes Maturity Date even if such period is shorter than a calendar month. 
 Interest Rate Agreement means any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest rate hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement, each of which is (i) for the purpose of hedging the interest rate exposure associated with Company and its Subsidiaries operations, (ii) approved by the Requisite Purchasers, and (iii) not for speculative purposes. 
 Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 Internally Generated Cash means, with respect to any period, any cash of Company or any Subsidiary generated during such period as a result of such Person s operations, excluding Net Asset Sale Proceeds, Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds, Extraordinary Receipts, Net Equity Proceeds, and any cash that is generated from an incurrence of Indebtedness or any other liability. 
 Investment means (i) any direct or indirect purchase or other acquisition by Company or any of its Subsidiaries of, or of a beneficial interest in, any of the Securities of any other Person, including the establishment or other creation of a Subsidiary or any other interest in the Securities of any Person (ii) any direct or indirect redemption, retirement, purchase or other acquisition for value, by any Subsidiary of Company from any Person, of any Capital Stock of such Person and (iii) any direct or indirect loan, advance (other than advances to employees for customary moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary 
 -14- 

course of business and consistent with past practice) or capital contributions by Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any other Person, including all indebtedness and accounts receivable from that other Person that are not current assets. The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to such Investment. 
 Joint Venture means a joint venture, partnership or other similar arrangement, whether in corporate, partnership or other legal form provided, in no event shall any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of any Person be considered to be a Joint Venture to which such Person is a party. 
 KPI Report means a report summarizing key performance metrics including eligible lives, membership, divisional headcount and Consolidated Recurring Revenue by Payor Counterparty. 
 Landlord Collateral Access Agreement means a Landlord Waiver and Consent Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit H. 
 Leasehold Property means any leasehold interest of any Note Party as lessee under any lease of real property. 
 Lien means (i) any lien, mortgage, pledge, assignment, security interest, charge or encumbrance of any kind (including any agreement to give any of the foregoing, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any lease in the nature thereof) and any option, trust or other preferential arrangement having the practical effect of any of the foregoing, and (ii) in the case of Securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such Securities. 
 Listing Rules means the rules promulgated by the Exchange from time to time with respect to the continued listing requirements for companies with equity listed on the Exchange, including, without limitation, the rules set out in the Nasdaq 5600 Series. 
 Lockbox Account means a deposit account of a Managed Company that is subject to a lock-box under a lockbox agreement with the applicable depository institution reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent (including a requirement that the funds in such account be swept on a daily Business Day basis to a Controlled Account). 
 Managed Company means CIH, TIH, and any other professional limited liability company, professional corporation or other professional legal entity which is a party to a Management Services Agreement. 
 Managed Company Documents means, with respect to any Managed Company, collectively, the Management Services Agreements, the Equity Transfer Restriction Agreements, and the employment and non-compete agreements with each owner of a Managed Company, and any other material agreement among any Note Party and a Managed Company or its owners. 
 Management Services Agreement means any license, management or other agreement by and between any Note Party on the one hand and another Person organized under the laws of a given jurisdiction, on the other hand, and involving (a) the provision of administrative, management, or business support services, or (b) the license of Intellectual Property or other personal property of any Note Party, to such other Person so as to facilitate the provision of certain Note Parties services to end users or patients of such Person in a manner that complies with the given jurisdiction s laws generally concerning the authorized practice of medicine in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in a manner that is not prohibited by this Agreement. For the avoidance of any doubt, the term Management Services Agreement shall include any agreement between any Note Party and a Managed Company, including (i) the Management Services Agreement by and between Company, as manager thereunder, and TIH, dated as of April 2, 2018, (ii) the License Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2018 by and between Company, as licensor thereunder, and TIH, and (iii) the Management Services Agreement by and between Company, as manager thereunder, and CIH, dated as of April 2, 2018. 
 Margin Stock as defined in Regulation U. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on and or material adverse developments with respect to (i) the business operations, properties, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) of Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (ii) a significant portion of the industry or business segment in which Company or its Subsidiaries operate or rely upon if such effect or development is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (iii) the ability of any Note Party to fully and timely perform its 
 -15- 

Obligations (iv) the legality, validity, binding effect, or enforceability against a Note Party of a Note Document to which it is a party (v) the validity, perfection or priority of a Lien in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Secured Parties on the Collateral, taken as a whole, or (vi) the rights, remedies and benefits available to, or conferred upon, the Collateral Agent, any Purchaser or any other Secured Party under any Note Document provided that prior to the Initial Note Date, any action or inaction by Company, Goldman NPA Collateral Agent or any party to the Goldman NPA, including without limitation a default, any event of default thereunder, acceleration or exercise of remedies thereunder, shall not constitute a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Material Contract means, collectively, (i) the Material Customer Contracts, (ii) any contract or other arrangement to which Company, any of Company s Subsidiaries, or any Managed Company is a party (other than the Note Documents) for which breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) each other contract and arrangement listed on Schedule 4.16. For the avoidance of doubt, the Goldman NPA is not a Material Contract. 
 Material Customer Contract means any contract or other arrangement to which Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any Managed Company is a party with any Payor Counterparty to the extent that the Related System Contract Revenue from such Payor Counterparty and its Affiliates exceeds fifteen percent (15 of Consolidated Recurring Revenue measured as of the last day of the most recently ended six consecutive fiscal month period for which financial statements have been delivered, including all amendments, exhibits, addenda, appendices, provider manuals, and policies and procedures that are incorporated by reference into such contracts. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of any one or more of Company and its Subsidiaries with an individual principal amount (or Swap Termination Value) of 250,000 or more or, solely for purposes of Section 8.1(b), that, collectively with any other Indebtedness in respect of which any relevant default or other specified event has occurred, has an aggregate principal amount of 500,000 or more. 
 Material Real Estate Asset means any and all of the following (i) all fee-owned Real Estate Assets other than any Immaterial Fee-Owned Properties, (ii) any Real Estate Asset that the Requisite Purchasers determine after the Closing Date, in their reasonable discretion, to be material to the business, operations, properties, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of any of Company and its Subsidiaries and designate in writing to be a Material Real Estate Asset , and (iii) any Real Estate Asset listed on Schedule 1.1(b). 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Mortgage means a mortgage, deed of trust, or similar instrument in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Collateral Agent , acting at the direction of the Requisite Purchasers . 
 Mortgaged Real Estate Documents means, with respect to each Material Real Estate Asset that is required to be subject to a Mortgage pursuant to this Agreement 
 (i) one or more fully executed and notarized Mortgages encumbering such Material Real Estate Asset, in each case in proper form for recording in all appropriate places in all applicable jurisdictions 
 (ii) (a) ALTA mortgagee title insurance policies or, solely to the extent that Collateral Agent in its sole discretion , acting at the direction of the Requisite Purchasers, waives the requirement for a policy to be issued, unconditional commitments therefor, in each case issued by one or more title companies reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent with respect to each Material Real Estate Asset (each, a Title Policy ), each such Title Policy to be in amounts not less than the fair market value of each Material Real Estate Asset, together with a title report issued by a title company with respect thereto and dated not more than thirty days prior to the date of the applicable Mortgage, (b) copies of all documents listed as exceptions to title or otherwise referred to therein, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent, acting at the direction of the Requisite Purchasers, and (c) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent that such Note Party has paid to the title company or to the appropriate Governmental Authorities all expenses and premiums of the title company and all other sums required in connection with the issuance of each Title Policy and all recording and stamp taxes (including mortgage recording and intangible taxes) payable in connection with recording the Mortgages for each such Material Real Estate Asset in the appropriate real estate records 
 (iii) (A) a completed Flood Certificate with respect to each such Material Real Estate Asset, which Flood Certificate shall (x) be addressed to Collateral Agent and (y) otherwise comply with the Flood Program and be in form and substance satisfactory to Collateral Agent in its sole discretion , acting at the direction of the Requisite Purchasers (B) if the Flood Certificate indicates that such Material Real Estate Asset is located in a Flood Zone, Company s written acknowledgment of receipt of written notification from Collateral Agent (x) as to 
 -16- 

the existence of such Material Real Estate Asset in a Flood Zone and (y) as to whether the community in which such Material Real Estate Asset is located is participating in the Flood Program and (C) if such Material Real Estate Asset is located in a Flood Zone and is located in a community that participates in the Flood Program, evidence that Company has obtained a policy of flood insurance that is in compliance with all applicable requirements of the Flood Program or, solely to the extent agreed to by Collateral Agent in its sole discretion , acting at the direction of the Requisite Purchasers , excluded any structures existing in such Flood Zone from any such Mortgage in a manner satisfactory to Collateral Agent in its sole discretion 
 (iv) ALTA surveys of such Material Real Estate Asset (other than any Leasehold Property, unless reasonably requested by Collateral Agent), certified to Collateral Agent and dated not more than thirty days prior to the date of the applicable Mortgage and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent in its sole discretion 
 (v) an opinion of counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent) in the state in which such Material Real Estate Asset is located with respect to the enforceability of the form(s) of Mortgage to be recorded in such state and such other matters as Collateral Agent may reasonably request, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent , acting at the direction of the Requisite Purchasers and 
 (vi) reports and other information, in each case in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Purchasers in their sole discretion, regarding environmental matters relating to such Material Real Estate Asset, including any Phase I Report requested by Collateral Agent a Purchaser with respect to such Material Real Estate Asset. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any Employee Benefit Plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA. 
 NAIC means The National Association of Insurance Commissioners, and any successor thereto. 
 Narrative Report means, with respect to the financial statements for which such narrative report is required, a narrative report describing the operations of Company and its Subsidiaries in the form prepared for presentation to senior management thereof for the applicable Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year and for the period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such period to which such financial statements relate with comparison to and variances from the immediately preceding period and budget. 
 Natural Person means a natural Person or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person. 
 Net Asset Sale Proceeds means, with respect to any Asset Sale, an amount equal to (i) Cash payments received by Company or any of its Subsidiaries from such Asset Sale (including any Cash received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise (including by way of a milestone payment, as applicable), but only as and when so received), minus (ii) any bona fide direct costs incurred in connection with such Asset Sale to the extent paid or payable to non-Affiliates, including (a) income or gains taxes payable by Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of any gain recognized in connection with such Asset Sale during the tax period in which the sale occurs, (b) payment of the outstanding principal amount of, premium or penalty, if any, and interest on any Indebtedness (other than the Notes) that is secured by a Lien on the stock or assets in question and that is required to be repaid under the terms thereof as a result of such Asset Sale, and (c) a reasonable reserve for any indemnification payments (fixed or contingent) attributable to seller s indemnities and representations and warranties to purchaser in respect of such Asset Sale undertaken by Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Asset Sale provided that upon release of any such reserve, the amount released shall be considered Net Asset Sale Proceeds. 
 Net Equity Proceeds means an amount equal to any Cash proceeds from a capital contribution to, or the issuance of any Capital Stock of, Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than pursuant to any employee stock or stock option compensation plan or pursuant to the exercise of the Purchaser Warrant), net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other reasonable, out-of-pocket costs and expenses associated therewith, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, in each case, solely to the extent such discounts, commissions, costs, fees and expenses are paid to non-Affiliates. 
 Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds means an amount equal to (i) any Cash payments or proceeds received by Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a) under any casualty, business interruption or key man insurance policies in respect of any covered loss thereunder, or (b) as a result of the taking of any assets of Company or any of 
 -17- 

its Subsidiaries by any Person pursuant to the power of eminent domain, condemnation or otherwise, or pursuant to a sale of any such assets to a purchaser with such power under threat of such a taking, minus (ii) (a) any actual and reasonable costs incurred by Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the adjustment or settlement of any claims of Company or such Subsidiary in respect thereof, and (b) any bona fide direct costs incurred in connection with any sale of such assets as referred to in clause (i)(b) of this definition to the extent paid or payable to non-Affiliates, including income or gains taxes payable by Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of any gain recognized in connection therewith during the tax period the Cash payments or proceeds are received. 
 Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of a Person means, as of any time of determination, the excess (if any) of all unrealized losses over all unrealized profits of such Person arising from Hedge Agreements or other Indebtedness of the type described in clause (xi) of the definition thereof. As used in this definition, unrealized losses means the fair market value of the cost to such Person of replacing such Hedge Agreement or such other Indebtedness as of the date of determination (assuming the Hedge Agreement or such other Indebtedness were to be terminated as of that date), and unrealized profits means the fair market value of the gain to such Person of replacing such Hedge Agreement or such other Indebtedness as of the time of determination (assuming such Hedge Agreement or such other Indebtedness were to be terminated as of that time). 
 Non-Consenting Purchaser as defined in Section 2.22. 
 Non-U.S. Purchaser as defined in Section 2.19(c). 
 Note means the Initial Notes and any senior secured promissory note sold by Company to Purchaser, and purchased by Purchaser from Company, pursuant to Section 2.1(b) . 
 Note Document means any of this Agreement, the Collateral Documents, the Notes and all other documents, certificates, instruments or agreements that are expressly designated pursuant to their terms to be Note Documents or are otherwise executed and delivered by or on behalf of a Note Party or any other Person for the benefit of Collateral Agent or Purchaser in connection herewith, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Purchaser Warrants and any other documents related solely thereto. 
 Note Party means Company, as issuer, and each Guarantor. 
 Notes Exposure means, with respect to any Purchaser, as of any time of determination, the outstanding principal amount of the Notes of such Purchaser, plus the then-remaining Notes Purchase Commitment of such Purchaser provided that at any time prior to the purchase of the Initial Notes, the Notes Exposure of any Purchaser shall be equal to such Purchaser s Notes Purchase Commitment. 
 Notes Maturity Date means the earlier of (i) September 1, 2023 and (ii) the date that all Notes shall become due and payable in full hereunder, whether by acceleration or otherwise. 
 Obligations means all obligations (whether now existing or hereafter arising, absolute or contingent, joint, several, or independent) of every nature of each Note Party from time to time owed to the Collateral Agent (including any former collateral agents), the Purchasers or any of them under any Note Document, whether for principal, interest (including interest that, but for the filing of a petition in bankruptcy with respect to such Note Party, would have accrued on any Obligation, whether or not a claim is allowed against such Note Party for such interest in the related bankruptcy proceeding), fees, expenses, indemnification or otherwise. 
 Obligee Guarantor as defined in Section 7.7. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury and any successor Governmental Authority. 
 OIG as defined in Section 4.25(c). 
 Order means any decision, ruling, charge, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, determination, award or binding agreement issued, promulgated or entered by or with any Governmental Authority. 
 Organizational Documents means (i) with respect to any corporation or company, its certificate, memorandum, or articles of incorporation or organization, and its by-laws, (ii) with respect to any limited partnership, its certificate or declaration of limited partnership and its partnership agreement, (iii) with respect to any general partnership, its partnership agreement, and (iv) with respect to any limited liability company, its articles of organization and its operating agreement. In the event any term or condition of this Agreement or any other Note 
 -18- 

Document requires any Organizational Document to be certified by a secretary of state or similar governmental official, the reference to any such Organizational Document shall only be to a document of a type customarily certified by such governmental official. 
 Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp, court, intangible, recording, filing or documentary, excise, property, or similar Taxes (and interest, fines, penalties and additions related thereto) arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Note Document. 
 Paid in Full and Payment in Full mean, with respect to any or all of the Obligations or Guaranteed Obligations, as the context requires, that each of the following events has occurred, as applicable (a) the indefeasible payment or repayment in full in immediately available funds of (i) the principal amount of all outstanding Notes, (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest, fees, premiums or other charges owing in respect of any Note or otherwise under any Note Document, and (iii) all accrued and unpaid costs and expenses payable by any Note Party to Collateral Agent or Purchaser pursuant to any Note Document, whether or not demand has been made therefor, including any and all indemnification and reimbursement claims that have been asserted by any such Person prior to such time, (b) the indefeasible payment or repayment in full in immediately available funds or all other outstanding Obligations or Guaranteed Obligations other than unasserted contingent indemnification and contingent reimbursement obligations and (c) upon the written request of Purchaser, receipt by Purchaser of a release from the Note Parties in favor of the Secured Parties in form and substance acceptable to Purchaser. 
 PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 Payor Counterparty means any insurer, health maintenance organization, health care benefit plan, third party administrator, employer, union, trust, governmental program (including any Federal Healthcare Program), preferred provider organization, managed care program, or other consumer or customer of health care services that has authorized Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any Managed Company as a provider or supplier of health care services to its members, beneficiaries, participants or the like thereof, or to whom Company has submitted a claim for, or received reimbursement for, health care products or services. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. 
 Pension Plan means any Employee Benefit Plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by Company or any of its Wholly-Owned Guarantor Subsidiaries, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, all of the Capital Stock of, or a business line or unit or a division of, any Person provided, 
 (i) immediately prior to, and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom 
 (ii) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated, in all material respects, in accordance with all applicable laws and in conformity with all applicable Governmental Authorizations 
 (iii) in the case of the Acquisition of Capital Stock, all of the Capital Stock (except for any such Capital Stock in the nature of directors qualifying shares required pursuant to applicable law) acquired or otherwise issued by such Person or any newly formed Guarantor Subsidiary of Company in connection with such Acquisition shall be owned 100 by Company or a Wholly-Owned Guarantor Subsidiary thereof, and Company shall have taken, or caused to be taken, as of the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary of Company, each of the actions set forth in 5.10, 5.11 and or 5.13, as applicable 
 (iv) Company and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.8 on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Acquisition as of the last day of the Fiscal Quarter most recently ended 
 (v) in the event Consolidated Liquidity would be less than 45,000,000, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such proposed Acquisition, Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers (A) at least thirty (30) Business Days prior to such proposed Acquisition 
 -19- 

(or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Requisite Purchasers in their reasonable discretion), all relevant financial information with respect to such acquired assets, including the aggregate consideration for such Acquisition and any other information required to demonstrate compliance with Section 6.8, and (B) promptly upon written request by the Requisite Purchasers and in any event at least ten (10) Business Days prior to closing such Acquisition (or such shorter period as may be agreed by Requisite Purchasers in their reasonable discretion) (1) a copy of the purchase agreement related to the proposed Acquisition (and any related documents reasonably requested by Purchaser), (2) quarterly and annual financial statements of the Person whose Capital Stock or assets are being acquired for the most recent twelve month period ending immediately prior to such Acquisition, including any audited financial statements that are available, (3) a quality of earnings report (including cash proof analysis) with respect to the Person or assets or division to be acquired in accordance herewith and (4) a Compliance Certificate evidencing compliance with Section 6.8 as required under clause (iv) above 
 (vi) any Person or assets or division as acquired in accordance herewith (y) shall be in substantially the same business or lines of business in which Company and or its Subsidiaries are engaged as of the Closing Date and (z) in the event Consolidated Liquidity would be less than 45,000,000, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such proposed Acquisition, for the four quarter period most recently ended prior to the date of such Acquisition, shall have generated earnings before income taxes, depreciation, and amortization during such period that shall exceed the amount of capital expenditures related to such Person or assets or division during such period (calculated in substantially the same manner as Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and Consolidated Capital Expenditures are calculated) 
 (vii) the Acquisition shall be non-hostile and shall have been approved by the Board of Directors of the Person acquired or the Person from whom such assets or division is acquired, as applicable and 
 (viii) Company and its Subsidiaries comply with 5.10 and 5.11 with respect to such Acquisition. 
 Permitted Liens means each of the Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.2. 
 Person means and includes natural persons, corporations, limited partnerships, general partnerships, limited liability companies, limited liability partnerships, joint stock companies, Joint Ventures, associations, companies, trusts, banks, trust companies, land trusts, business trusts or other organizations, whether or not legal entities, and Governmental Authorities. 
 Personally Identifiable Information means any information that (a) directly identifies, or in combination with other information may identify, an individual, including name, mailing address, email address, any identifier that identifies an account, telephone number, social security number, drivers license number, government issued identification number, any financial account number or log-in information, Internet Protocol addresses or other persistent device identifiers, or any other data that can be used to identify, contact, or locate an individual more precisely than a state (b) is governed, regulated or protected by one or more Privacy and Data Security Laws (c) is Protected Health Information (as defined by HIPAA) (d) pertains to the health, employment or finances of an individual (e) is derived from other Personally Identifiable Information and protected by one or more Privacy and Data Security Laws or (f) is associated with or linked to any other Personally Identifiable Information, which in combination may identify the individual. 
 Phase I Report means, with respect to any Facility, a report that (i) conforms to the ASTM Standard Practice for Environmental Site Assessments Phase I Environmental Site Assessment Process, E 1527, (ii) was conducted no more than six months prior to the date such report is required to be delivered hereunder, by one or more environmental consulting firms reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Purchasers, (iii) includes an assessment of asbestos-containing materials at such Facility, (iv) is accompanied by (a) an estimate of the reasonable worst-case cost of investigating and remediating any Hazardous Materials Activity identified in the Phase I Report as giving rise to an actual or potential material violation of any Environmental Law or as presenting a material risk of giving rise to a material Environmental Claim, and (b) a current compliance audit setting forth an assessment of Company s, its Subsidiaries and such Facility s current and past compliance with Environmental Laws and an estimate of the cost of rectifying any non-compliance with current Environmental Laws identified therein and the cost of compliance with reasonably anticipated future Environmental Laws identified therein. 
 -20- 

Plan as defined in Section 9.11. 
 Platform as defined in Section 10.1(b). 
 Pledge and Security Agreement means the Pledge and Security Agreement to be entered into by Company and each Guarantor in form and substance acceptable to Collateral Agent and the Purchasers. 
 Principal Office means a Purchaser s Principal Office as set forth on Appendix B, or such other office or office of a third party or sub-agent, as appropriate, as such Person may from time to time designate in writing to Company and each other Purchaser. 
 Privacy and Data Security Laws means all laws that apply to the creation, collection, receipt, maintenance, transmission, processing, use, disclosure, transfer (including cross-border transfers), disposal, privacy, security, confidentiality, integrity, availability, or breach of Personally Identifiable Information, including (a) HIPAA (b) the Public Health Service Act, 42 U.S.C. 290dd-3, 290dee-3, including 42 C.F.R. Part 2 (c) the Federal Trade Commission Act, 15 U.S.C. 41, et seq. (d) the federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act (e) the federal Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act (f) state privacy, data security, and breach notification laws (g) state laws prohibiting consumer fraud and deceptive business practices and each of clauses (a) through (g), as amended from time to time and all implementing regulations relating to privacy and data security pursuant to all such laws, each as amended from time to time. 
 Pro Forma Basis means a calculation giving pro forma effect to, when used with respect to determining the permissibility of any specific transaction hereunder, such specific transaction as if it were a Subject Transaction. 
 Projections as defined in Section 4.8 . 
 Pro Rata Share means with respect to all payments, computations and other matters relating to the Initial Notes of any Purchaser, the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the Notes Exposure of that Purchaser, by (b) the aggregate Notes Exposure of all Purchasers. For all other purposes with respect to each Purchaser, Pro Rata Share means the percentage obtained by dividing (A) an amount equal to the Notes Exposure by (B) an amount equal to the sum of the aggregate Notes Exposure. 
 Provider as defined in Section 4.25(e). 
 Purchaser has the meaning given to such term in the preamble of the Agreement. 
 Qualified Cash means, at any time of determination, the aggregate balance sheet amount of unrestricted Cash and, to the extent readily monetized, Cash Equivalents included in the consolidated balance sheet of Company and its Subsidiaries as of such time that (i) is free and clear of all Liens other than Liens in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Secured Parties and non-consensual Permitted Liens, (ii) may be applied to payment of the Obligations without violating any law, contract, or other agreement, (iii) is in Controlled Accounts, and (iv) is not Net Asset Sale Proceeds or Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds. 
 Qualified Institutional Buyer means any Person who is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of such term as set forth in Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act. 
 Qualified Stock means common Capital Stock (excluding Disqualified Capital Stock) of Company, the Net Equity Proceeds of which have not been designated or otherwise utilized for any purpose other than as set forth in Section 8.2. 
 Real Estate Asset means, at any time of determination, any interest (fee, leasehold or otherwise) then owned by any Note Party in any real property. 
 Register as defined in Section 2.6(b). 
 Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board of Governors and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the Board of Governors and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 -21- 

Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board of Governors and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board of Governors and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Related Fund means any Fund that is managed, advised, or administered by (a) a Purchaser, (b) an Affiliate of a Purchaser, or (c) an entity or affiliate of an entity that manages, administers, or advises a Purchaser. 
 Related System Contract Revenue means, with respect to any Payor Counterparty for any period, the Consolidated Recurring Revenue attributable to all contracts (or other arrangements) between Company or any of its Subsidiaries and such Payor Counterparty or any of its Affiliates. 
 Release means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, injection, escaping, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of any Hazardous Material into the indoor or outdoor environment (including the abandonment or disposal of any barrels, containers or other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Material), including the movement of any Hazardous Material through the air, soil, surface water or groundwater. 
 Remaining Amount means, as of any applicable date of determination, an amount equal to 25.0 million, less the aggregate amount of any applicable reduction of the Remaining Amount in accordance with Sections 2.13 and 2.14 hereof, less the aggregate principal amount of all Notes issued on or prior to the applicable date of determination. 
 Replacement Purchaser as defined in Section 2.22. 
 Requisite Purchasers means one or more Purchasers holding Notes Exposure and representing more than 50 of the aggregate Notes Exposure of all Purchasers provided that (i) the amount of Notes Exposure of any Defaulting Purchaser shall be disregarded for purposes of this definition (including clause (ii) of this proviso), and (ii) to the extent that the total number of Purchasers (treating all Purchasers that are Affiliates as a single Purchasers) is greater than one, solely for purposes of any requested consent, waiver, amendment, or other modification requiring the affirmative vote of Requisite Purchasers (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not for the purpose of exercising or enforcing any rights and remedies available under any Note Document or applicable law), Requisite Purchasers shall also include at least two (treating all Purchasers that are Affiliates as a single Purchasers) Purchasers. 
 Responsible Officer means, (i) as applied to any Note Party, any duly authorized individual natural Person holding the position of chairman of the Board of Directors (if an officer), chief executive officer, president, chief operating officer, or Chief Financial Officer provided, however, that Terren S. Peizer shall not be considered a Responsible Officer for purposes of this Agreement . and (ii) as applied to the Collateral Agent, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Collateral Agent with direct responsibility for the administration of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and also means, with respect to a particular matter relating hereto, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such person s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject. 
 Restricted Junior Payment means (i) any dividend, other distribution, or liquidation preference, direct or indirect, on account of any shares of any class of Capital Stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter outstanding, except a dividend payable solely in shares of that class of Capital Stock (other than any Disqualified Capital Stock) to the holders of that class (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any shares of any class of Capital Stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) now or hereafter outstanding (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of Capital Stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) now or hereafter outstanding, excluding any such payment in respect of the Warrants and (iv) any payment or prepayment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, or redemption, purchase, retirement, defeasance (including in-substance or legal defeasance), sinking fund or similar payment with respect to, any Subordinated Indebtedness or any Earn Out Obligations or Seller Financing Indebtedness. 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings, or any successor to its rating agency business. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, territory or region that is, or whose government is, the subject or target of any Sanctions. 
 -22- 

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, any Person with whom dealings are restricted or prohibited under Sanctions, including (i) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the U.S. (including by OFAC, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or the U.S. Department of State), or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any EU member state, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant sanctions authority, (ii) any Person located, operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (iii) any Person owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any such Person described in clause (i) or (ii) of this definition. 
 Sanctions means sanctions or trade embargoes enacted, imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (i) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC, U.S. Department of State, or U.S. Department of Commerce, (ii) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any of its member states, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or (iii) any other relevant sanctions authority. 
 SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Secured Parties as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 
 Securities means any stock, shares, partnership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing, including any Capital Stock and any Hedge Agreements or other derivatives. 
 Securities Account means any securities account as defined in Article 8 of the UCC and any commodity account as defined in Article 9 of the UCC. 
 Securities Account Control Agreement means, with respect to a Securities Account, an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent that (i) is entered into among Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary at which the applicable Securities Account is maintained, and the Note Party having rights in or to the underlying financial assets credited to or maintained in such Securities Account, and (ii) is effective for Collateral Agent to obtain control (within the meaning of Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC) of such Securities Account. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Securities Intermediary means any securities intermediary or commodity intermediary as such terms are defined in the UCC. 
 Seller Financing Indebtedness means any obligation or liability consisting of fixed deferred purchase price, installment payments, or promissory notes that, in each case, is issued or otherwise incurred as consideration for any acquisition of any property. 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 Solvency Certificate means a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Company substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2. 
 Solvent means, with respect to any Note Party, that as of the date of determination, both (i) (a) the sum of such Note Party s debt (including contingent liabilities) does not exceed the present fair saleable value of such Note Party s present assets (b) such Note Party s capital is not unreasonably small in relation to its business as contemplated on such date of determination and reflected in the Projections or with respect to any transaction contemplated or to be undertaken after such date of determination and (c) such Person has not incurred and does not intend to incur, or believe (nor should it reasonably believe) that it will incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise) and (ii) such Person is solvent within the meaning given that term and similar terms under the Bankruptcy Code and other applicable laws relating to fraudulent transfers and conveyances. For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 450-20). 
 Special Situations means Special Situations Investing Group II, LLC. 
 -23- 

Special Situations Warrants means, collectively, those certain Purchase Warrants for Common Shares, each dated as of September 24, 2019, issued by Company to Special Situations. 
 Specified Liquidity Cure Period as defined in Section 8.2.2. 
 Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution as defined in Section 8.2.2. 
 Specified Liquidity Financial Covenant as defined in Section 8.2.2. 
 Subject Obligations as defined in Section 2.1(b). 
 Subject Transaction is as defined in Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA . 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness that is contractually or structurally subordinated in payment or lien ranking to the Obligations or related Liens. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other business entity (a) the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in such Person s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP or (b) of which more than 50 of the total voting power of shares of stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election or appointment of the Person or Persons (whether Directors, trustees, or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof provided , in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interest in the nature of a qualifying share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to Subsidiary hereunder shall mean a Subsidiary of Company and shall include all Managed Companies. For the avoidance of doubt, the inclusion of a Managed Company as a Subsidiary hereunder is a drafting convenience agreed to by the parties hereto to clarify the Managed Companies are subject to the various representations, covenants and other provisions applicable to Subsidiaries and does not indicate any actual ownership or control whatsoever of any Managed Company by any Note Party, whether by virtue of the services or Management Services Agreement in place with respect to such Managed Company or otherwise. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Hedge Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement related to such Hedge Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date such Hedge Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedge Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedge Agreements (which may include a Purchaser or any Affiliate of a Purchaser). 
 Tax means any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, assessment, charge, fee, deduction or withholding (together with interest, penalties and other additions thereto) of any nature and whatever called, imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority provided , Tax on the overall net income of a Person shall be construed as a reference to a tax imposed by the jurisdiction in which that Person is organized or in which that Person s applicable principal office (and or, in the case of a Purchaser, its investment office) is located on all or part of the overall net income (whether worldwide, or only insofar as such overall net income is considered to arise in or to relate to a particular jurisdiction, or otherwise) of that Person (and or, in the case of a Purchaser, its applicable investment office). 
 Term means the Closing Date through the earlier of (a) the date on which Company files a report with the SEC that states there is substantial doubt regarding Company s ability to continue as a going concern during the twelve (12) month period following such filing and (b) September 1, 2023. 
 Term SOFR means, for any calculation with respect to a Note, the rate determined by the Requisite Purchasers to be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a thirty (30) day tenor on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator and obtained by the Requisite Purchasers at https www.cmegroup.com market-data cme-group-benchmark-administration term-sofr.html or a similar website used by the SOFR Administrator to publish the Term SOFR provided , however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR 
 -24- 

Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means, for any calculation with respect to a Note, 0.25 percent (0.25 per annum. 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by all of the Purchaser in its reasonable discretion). 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the rate per annum determined by the Purchaser as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR pursuant to the definition of Term SOFR. 
 Terminated Purchaser as defined in Section 2.22. 
 TIH means Texas Integrated Health, Inc., a Texas nonprofit health organization. 
 Title Policy as defined in the definition of Mortgaged Real Estate Documents. 
 Transfer Agreement means a Transfer Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D. 
 Transfer Effective Date as defined in Section 10.6(b). 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code (or any similar or equivalent statute or law) as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 
 U.S. means the United States of America. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities, and that is otherwise a Business Day. 
 U.S. Purchaser as defined in Section 2.19(c). 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of one of Exhibits E-1, E-2, E-3 or E-4, as applicable. 
 Voting Procedures Order as defined in Section 9.11. 
 WARN as defined in Section 4.19. 
 Wholly-Owned means, in reference to any Subsidiary of a specified Person, that 100 of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary (other than (x) Directors qualifying shares and (y) shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable law) is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person and or one or more of such specified Person s other Subsidiaries that also qualify as Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries under this definition. 
 1.2 Accounting Terms, Financials Statements, Calculations, Etc. . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in conformity with GAAP. Financial statements and other information required to be delivered by Company to Purchaser pursuant to Section 5.1(a), 5.1(b) and 5.1(c) shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect at the time of such preparation (and delivered together with the reconciliation statements provided for in Section 5.1(e), if applicable). Subject to the foregoing, calculations in connection with the definitions, covenants and other provisions hereof shall utilize accounting principles and policies in conformity with those used to prepare the Historical Financial Statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with the financial covenants contained in this Agreement, any election by any Note Party to measure an item of Indebtedness using fair value (as permitted by Accounting Standards Codification Section 825-10 or any similar accounting standard) shall be disregarded and such determination shall be made as if such election had not been made. For purposes of determining pro forma compliance with any financial covenant as of any date prior to the initial test date on which 
 -25- 

such financial covenant is to be tested hereunder, the level of any such financial covenant shall be deemed to be the covenant level for such initial test date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, for purposes of determining compliance with any basket, test, or condition under any provision of this Agreement or any other Note Document, no Note Party may retroactively divide, classify, re-classify or deem or otherwise treat a historical transaction as having occurred in reliance on a basket or exception that was not available at the time of such historical transaction or if and to the extent that such basket or exception was relied upon for any later transaction. When used herein, the term financial statements shall be construed to include all notes and schedules thereto. Whenever the term Company is used in respect of a financial covenant or a related definition, it shall be construed to mean Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis unless the context clearly requires otherwise. Except as otherwise provided therein, this Section 1.2 shall apply equally to each other Note Document as if fully set forth therein, mutatis mutandis. The Purchaser may select information sources or services in their reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to Company or its Subsidiaries or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 1.3 Interpretation, Etc. . Any of the terms defined herein may, unless the context otherwise requires, be used in the singular or the plural, depending on the reference. References herein to any Section, Appendix, Schedule or Exhibit shall be to a Section, an Appendix, a Schedule or an Exhibit, as the case may be, hereof unless otherwise specifically provided. Any requirement for a referenced agreement, instrument, certificate or other document to be in substantially the form of an Appendix, Schedule, or Exhibit hereto means that such referenced document shall be in the form of such Appendix, Schedule, or Exhibit with such modifications to such form as are approved by the Requisite Purchasers, and, in the case of any Collateral Document, Collateral Agent, in each case in Collateral Agent s sole discretion. The words hereof , hereunder , hereby , and words of similar import used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The use herein of the words include or including, when following any general statement, term or matter, shall not be construed to limit such statement, term or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation or but not limited to or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term or matter. The use herein of the words continuing , continuance , existing , or any words of similar import or derivatives of any such words in reference to any Event of Default means that such Event of Default has not been expressly waived. The word will shall be construed as having the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The words assets and property shall be construed as having the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties of any relevant Person or Persons. The terms lease and license shall be construed to include sub-lease and sub-license. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall be construed to include the corresponding masculine, feminine, and neuter forms. References to Persons include their respective permitted successors and assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, references to statutes, legislative acts, laws, regulations, and rules shall be deemed to refer to such statutes, acts, laws, regulations, and rules as in effect from time to time, including any amendments of the same and any successor statutes, acts, laws, regulations, and rules, unless any such reference is expressly limited to refer to any statute, act, law, regulation, or rule as in effect on a specified date. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any reference in or to this Agreement (including any Appendix, Schedule, or Exhibit hereto), any other Note Document, or any other agreement, instrument, or other document shall be construed to refer to the referenced agreement, instrument, or document as assigned, amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, in each case in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement and any other relevant Note Document unless such reference is expressly limited to refer to such agreement, instrument, or other document as in effect on a specified date. Unless otherwise expressly stated, if a Person may not take an action under this Agreement, then it may not take that action indirectly, or take any action assisting or supporting any other Person in taking that action directly or indirectly. Taking an action indirectly means taking an action that is not expressly prohibited for the Person but is intended to have substantially the same effects as the prohibited action. Except as otherwise provided therein, this Section 1.3 shall apply equally to each other Note Document as if fully set forth therein, mutatis mutandis. 
 Section 2. NOTES 
 2.1 Issuance and Purchase of the Notes. 
 (a) Authorization of Notes . Company authorizes the issue and sale up to the Remaining Amount of the Notes. 
 (b) Note Purchase Commitment Purchase and Sale of the Notes . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, from time to time during the Term, at the election of Company and upon not less than ten 
 -26- 

Business Days advance written notice and with the delivery of a Funding Notice, Company agrees that it will issue and sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser agrees that it will purchase from Company, Notes in a principal amount equal to the lesser of (i) the amount of funds as may be necessary for Company to pay and discharge, any and all Company Obligations that are then due or scheduled to become due within the 30 days following the date of the Funding Notice (the Subject Obligations and (ii) the Remaining Amount. Subject to Section 2.13, all amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Notes, together with any other obligations hereunder then due and payable, shall be Paid in Full no later than the Notes Maturity Date. 
 2.2 Issuance of Notes. 
 The Notes will be delivered to Purchasers in physical form and shall be issued in its name or the name of its nominee on the date of purchase. 
 2.3 Reserved . 
 2.4 Reserved . 
 2.5 Use of Proceeds . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, on the Initial Note Date, in the event that the Goldman NPA Obligations have not been paid in full and discharged, Purchaser shall transfer, by wire transfer, to the account and in the amount designated by the Goldman NPA Collateral Agent the purchase price for the Notes equal to the Goldman NPA Obligations. After the payment in full .and discharge of the Goldman NPA Obligations (other than any contingent indemnification amounts for which no claim has been made), Company may apply the proceeds of the Notes issued and sold shall be applied by Company to pay the Subject Obligations, with the remainder to be applied by Company for working capital and general corporate purposes of Company and its Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) no proceeds of the sale of the Notes may be used in any manner that conflicts with Section 4.18(b), and (ii) no proceeds of the sale of the Notes may be used to settle actual or potential litigation or similar claims,. 
 2.6 Evidence of Debt Register Replacement of Notes. 
 (a) Purchaser s Evidence of Debt . Purchaser shall maintain on its internal records an account or accounts evidencing the Obligations of Company to Purchaser, including the amounts of the Notes held by it and each repayment and prepayment in respect thereof. Any such recordation shall be conclusive and binding on Company, absent manifest error provided, that the failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect Company s Obligations in respect of any applicable Notes and provided further, in the event of any inconsistency between the Register and Purchaser s records, the recordations in the Register shall govern. 
 (b) Register . Company (or an agent or sub-agent appointed by it) shall maintain a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of Purchasers and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Notes owing to, each Purchaser pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The Register shall be available for inspection by any Purchaser (with respect to (i) any entry relating to such Purchaser s Notes, and (ii) the identity of the other Purchasers (but not any information with respect to such other Purchasers Notes)) at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Company shall record, or shall cause to be recorded, in the Register the Notes in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.6, and each repayment or prepayment in respect of the principal amount of the Notes provided, failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect Company s Obligations in respect of any Note. Company shall give to any holder of a Note that is an Institutional Investor promptly upon request therefor, a complete and correct copy of the names and addresses of all registered holders of Notes. 
 (c) Replacement of Notes . Upon receipt by Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the ownership of and the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Note (which evidence shall be, in the case of any Institutional Investor, notice from such Institutional Investor of such ownership and such loss, theft, destruction or mutilation), and (x) in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it (provided that if the holder of such Note is, or is a nominee for, a Purchaser party hereto on the Closing Date or another holder of a Note with a minimum net worth of at least 10,000,000 in excess of the amount of such Note or a Qualified Institutional Buyer, such Person s own unsecured agreement of indemnity shall be deemed to be satisfactory), or (y) in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation thereof, within ten Business Days thereafter Company at its own expense shall execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Note to such Purchaser, dated and bearing interest from the date to which interest shall have been paid on such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note or dated the date of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated Note if no interest shall have been paid thereon. 
 -27- 

2.7 Interest on Notes. 
 (a) Except as otherwise set forth herein, each Note (and portion thereof) shall bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR for each Interest Period on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date issued and sold through repayment (whether by acceleration or otherwise). The Adjusted Term SOFR shall be determined for each Interest Period pursuant to the definition of Term SOFR. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary, if the Term SOFR shall be less than zero, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes hereof. 
 (b) Reserved . 
 (c) Reserved . 
 (d) Interest payable pursuant to Section (a) shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year, in each case for the actual number of days elapsed in the period during which it accrues. In computing interest on any Note, the date of the issuance and sale of such Note shall be included, and the date of payment of such Note shall be excluded provided, if a Note is repaid on the same day on which it is made, one day s interest shall be paid on that Note. 
 (e) Except as otherwise set forth herein, interest on each outstanding Note (i) shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount of such Note at the Adjusted Term SOFR for each Interest Period and shall be payable in arrears in cash on each Interest Payment Date with respect to interest accrued on and to each such Interest Payment Date (ii) shall be payable in arrears upon any prepayment of that Note, whether voluntary or mandatory, on the amount being prepaid and (iii) shall be payable in arrears at maturity of the Notes, including final maturity of the Notes. If any Note is not paid in full in cash on the Notes Maturity Date, such Note shall continue to bear interest at the Default Rate until paid and the Adjusted Term SOFR shall be reset and determined on the first day of each calendar month following the Notes Maturity Date. The foregoing sentence notwithstanding, the Notes shall be paid on the Notes Maturity Date. 
 2.8 Reserved . 
 2.9 Default Interest . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the principal amount of all Notes outstanding and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any interest payments on the Notes or any fees or other amounts owed hereunder, shall thereafter bear interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief laws) payable on demand at a rate that is 3.00 per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise payable hereunder with respect to the applicable Notes. Payment or acceptance of (i) the increased rates of interest provided for in this Section 2.9 or (ii) any amount of interest that is less than the amount due, in each case is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of Purchaser. 
 2.10 Reserved . 
 2.11 Scheduled Payments . To the extent not previously paid, the Notes, together with all other amounts owed hereunder with respect thereto, shall be Paid in Full no later than the Notes Maturity Date. 
 2.12 Voluntary Prepayments. 
 (a) Any time and from time to time, Company may prepay the Notes on any Business Day in whole or in part, without penalty. 
 (b) All such prepayments shall be made upon not less than three Business Days prior written or telephonic notice given by Company to the Purchasers by 12 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date required and, if given by telephone, promptly confirmed in writing to the Purchasers. Upon the giving of any such notice, the principal amount of the Notes specified in such notice shall become due and payable on the prepayment date specified therein. Any such voluntary prepayment shall be applied as specified in Section 2.14(b). 
 2.13 Mandatory Prepayments. 
 (a) Asset Sales . No later than the first Business Day following the date of receipt by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Net Asset Sale Proceeds (it being understood that such Net Asset Sale Proceeds, if received on or after the Initial Note Date, shall be deposited into a Controlled Account on the same Business Day as receipt thereof), the Remaining Amount shall be reduced in an aggregate amount equal to such Net Asset Sale Proceeds provided , that (i) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
 -28- 

continuing, and (ii) to the extent that aggregate Net Asset Sale Proceeds from the Closing Date through the applicable date of determination do not exceed 500,000, upon delivery of a written notice to the Purchasers, Company shall have the option, directly or through one or more Subsidiaries, to invest Net Asset Sale Proceeds (the Asset Sale Reinvestment Amounts in (1) long-term productive assets of the general type used in the business of Company if such assets are purchased or constructed within one hundred eighty (180) days following receipt of such Net Asset Sale Proceeds (and so long as any such individual or aggregate investment in the amount of 500,000 or more has been consented to by the Requisite Purchasers) or (2) Permitted Acquisitions if (x) a definitive purchase agreement with respect to such Permitted Acquisition is executed within one hundred twenty (120) days following receipt of such Net Asset Sale Proceeds and (y) the transaction contemplated by such purchase agreement is consummated within one hundred eighty (180) days of receipt thereof provided further , pending any such reinvestment all Asset Sale Reinvestment Amounts shall, if requested by the Requisite Purchasers, be held at all times prior to such reinvestment, in an escrow account in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Purchasers. In the event that the Asset Sale Reinvestment Amounts are not reinvested by Company prior to the earliest of (i) the last day of such one hundred twenty (120) day period (if, with respect to a Permitted Acquisition, a definitive purchase agreement therefor has not been executed in accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement), (ii) the last day of such one hundred eighty (180) day period (if, with respect to a Permitted Acquisition, a definitive purchase agreement therefor has been executed but the transactions contemplated thereby have not been consummated in accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement), and (iii) the date of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such Asset Sale Reinvestment Amounts shall be applied to the Obligations as set forth in Section 2.14(b). For the avoidance of doubt, if any Net Asset Sale Proceeds are received by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the payment in full and discharge of the Goldman NPA Obligations (other than in respect of any contingent indemnification amounts for which no claim has been made), such Net Asset Sale Proceeds shall be applied as set forth in Section 2.13 of the Goldman NPA. 
 (b) Insurance Condemnation Proceeds . No later than the first Business Day following the date of receipt by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or Collateral Agent as loss payee, of any Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds (it being understood that such Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds, if received on or after the Initial Note Date, shall be deposited into a Controlled Account on the same Business Day as receipt thereof), the Remaining Amount shall be reduced in an aggregate amount equal to such Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds provided , (i) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (ii) to the extent that aggregate Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds from the Closing Date through the applicable date of determination do not exceed 500,000 (such amounts, the Insurance Condemnation Reinvestments Amounts ), Company shall have the option, directly or through one or more of its Subsidiaries to invest such Insurance Condemnation Reinvestment Amounts within one hundred eighty days of receipt thereof (the Insurance Condemnation Reinvestment Period in long term productive assets of the general type used in the business of Company and its Subsidiaries, which investment may include the repair, restoration or replacement of the relevant assets in respect of which such Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds were received provided further , pending any such investment, all such Insurance Condemnation Reinvestment Amounts shall, if requested by the Requisite Purchasers, be held at all times prior to such reinvestment, in an escrow account in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Purchasers. In the event that such Insurance Condemnation Reinvestment Amounts are not reinvested by Company prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the applicable Insurance Condemnation Reinvestment Period, and (ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default, then, at such time, an Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred and be continuing under this Section (b) until a prepayment is made (or any such escrow is applied as a prepayment) in an amount equal to such Insurance Condemnation Reinvestment Amounts that have not been so reinvested. For the avoidance of doubt, if any Insurance Condemnation Proceeds are received by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the payment in full and discharge of the Goldman NPA Obligations (other than in respect of any contingent indemnification amounts for which no claim has been made), such Insurance Condemnation Proceeds shall be applied as set forth in Section 2.13 of the Goldman NPA. 
 (c) Issuance of Equity Securities . On the date of receipt by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Net Equity Proceeds from any Person other than a Note Party (it being understood that any such Net Equity Proceeds, if received on or after the Initial Note Date, shall be deposited into a Controlled Account on the same Business Day as receipt thereof), excluding any such Net Equity Proceeds used for purposes approved in writing by the Requisite Purchasers in their sole discretion, the Remaining Amount shall be reduced in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Equity Proceeds. For the avoidance of doubt, if any Net Equity Proceeds are received by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the payment in full and discharge of the Goldman NPA Obligations (other than in respect of any contingent indemnification amounts for which no claim has been made), such Net Equity Proceeds shall be applied as set forth in Section 2.13 of the Goldman NPA. 
 (d) Issuance of Debt . On the date of receipt by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Cash proceeds (it being understood that any such Cash proceeds, if received on or after the Initial Note Date, shall be deposited into a Controlled Account on the same Business Day as receipt thereof) from the incurrence of any Indebtedness of any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries, excluding any Cash proceeds received with respect to 
 -29- 

any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.1 , the Remaining Amount shall be reduced in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other reasonable costs and expenses associated therewith, in each case, paid to non-Affiliates, including reasonable legal fees and expenses. For the avoidance of doubt, if any Cash proceeds are received by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the payment in full and discharge of the Goldman NPA Obligations (other than in respect of any contingent indemnification amounts for which no claim has been made), such Cash proceeds shall be applied as set forth in Section 2.13 of the Goldman NPA. 
 (e) Consolidated Excess Cash Flow . In the event that there shall be Consolidated Excess Cash Flow for any Fiscal Year (commencing with Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2022), no later than the date required for delivery of annual financial statements with respect to such Fiscal Year pursuant to Section 5.1(c) ,the Remaining Amount shall be reduced in an aggregate amount equal to 50 of such Consolidated Excess Cash Flow. For the avoidance of doubt, if any Consolidated Excess Cash Flow is received by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the payment in full and discharge of the Goldman NPA Obligations (other than in respect of any contingent indemnification amounts for which no claim has been made), such Consolidated Excess Cash Flow shall be applied as set forth in Section 2.13 of the Goldman NPA. 
 (f) Reserved . 
 (g) Reserved . 
 (h) Extraordinary Receipts . On the date of receipt by Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Extraordinary Receipts (it being understood that such Extraordinary Receipts, if received on or after the Initial Note Date, shall be deposited in a Controlled Account on the same Business Day as receipt thereof) in excess of 500,000 in the aggregate in any trailing twelve month period,the Remaining Amount shall be reduced in the amount of such excess Extraordinary Receipts. For the avoidance of doubt, if any excess Extraordinary Receipts are received by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the payment in full and discharge of the Goldman NPA Obligations (other than in respect of any contingent indemnification amounts for which no claim has been made), such excess Extraordinary Receipts shall be applied as set forth in Section 2.13 of the Goldman NPA. 
 (i) Reserved . 
 (j) Reserved . 
 2.14 Application of Prepayments. 
 (a) Reserved . 
 (b) Application of Prepayments . Any voluntary prepayments of Notes pursuant to Section 2.12 shall be applied as follows 
 first , to the payment of all fees other than any premium, and all expenses specified in Section 10.2, in each case to the full extent thereof 
 second , to the payment of any accrued interest at the Default Rate, if any 
 third , to the payment of any accrued interest (other than Default Rate interest) 
 fourth , to prepay Notes on a pro rata basis (in accordance with the respective outstanding principal amounts thereof) and 
 fifth , to payment of any remaining Obligations then due and payable. 
 (c) Reserved . 
 (d) Reserved . 
 2.15 General Provisions Regarding Payments. 
 (a) All payments by Company of principal, interest, fees and other Obligations shall be made in Dollars in immediately available funds, without defense, recoupment, setoff or counterclaim, free of any 
 -30- 

restriction or condition, and delivered to the Purchasers not later than 12 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date due by wire transfer to an account designated by such Purchasers in writing (as may be updated by such Purchasers from time to time). For purposes of computing interest and fees, funds received by such Purchasers after that time on such due date shall be deemed to have been paid by Company on the next Business Day. 
 (b) All payments in respect of the principal amount of any Note shall be accompanied by payment of accrued interest on the principal amount being repaid or prepaid, and all such payments (and, in any event, any payment received in respect of any Note on a date when interest or premium is due and payable with respect to such Note) shall be applied to the payment of interest and premium then due and payable before application to principal. 
 (c) Reserved . 
 (d) Reserved . 
 (e) Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in the computation of the payment of interest hereunder or of the commitment fees hereunder. 
 (f) Purchaser shall deem any payment by or on behalf of Company hereunder that is not made in same day funds prior to 12 00 p.m. (New York City time) to be a non-conforming payment. Any such payment shall not be deemed to have been received by the Purchasers until the later of (i) the time such funds become available funds, and (ii) the applicable next Business Day. Any non-conforming payment may constitute or become a Default or Event of Default in accordance with the terms of Section 8.1(a). Interest shall continue to accrue on any principal as to which a non-conforming payment is made until such funds become available funds (but in no event less than the period from the date of such payment to the next Business Day) at the Default Rate from the date such amount was due and payable until the date such amount is Paid in Full. 
 (g) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and not otherwise been waived, and the Obligations have become due and payable in full hereunder, whether by acceleration, maturity or otherwise, all payments or proceeds received by Collateral Agent hereunder or under any Collateral Document in respect of any of the Obligations, including all proceeds received by Collateral Agent in respect of any sale, any collection from, or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral, shall be applied in full or in part as follows first, to the payment of all out-of-pocket costs and expenses of such sale, collection or other realization, including reasonable compensation to Collateral Agent and its agents and counsel, and all other expenses, liabilities and advances made or incurred by Collateral Agent in connection therewith, and all amounts for which Collateral Agent is entitled to indemnification hereunder or under any Collateral Document (in its capacity as Collateral Agent and not as a Purchaser) and all advances made by Collateral Agent under any Collateral Document for the account of the applicable Grantor, and to the payment of all out-of-pocket costs and expenses paid or incurred by Collateral Agent in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any Collateral Document, all in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof second, to the extent of any excess of such proceeds, to the payment of all other Obligations for the ratable benefit of the Purchasers and third, to the extent of any excess of such proceeds, to the payment to or upon the order of such Grantor or to whosoever may be lawfully entitled to receive the same or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. 
 2.16 Ratable Sharing . Purchasers hereby agree among themselves that, if any of them shall, whether by voluntary payment (other than a voluntary prepayment of Notes made and applied in accordance with the terms hereof), through the exercise of any right of set-off or banker s lien, by counterclaim or cross action or by the enforcement of any right under the Note Documents or otherwise, or as adequate protection of a deposit treated as cash collateral under the Bankruptcy Code, receive payment or reduction of a proportion of the aggregate amount of principal, interest, fees and other amounts then due and owing to such Purchaser hereunder or under the other Note Documents (collectively, the Aggregate Amounts Due to such Purchaser) that is greater than the proportion received by any other Purchaser in respect of the Aggregate Amounts Due to such other Purchaser, then the Purchaser receiving such proportionately greater payment shall (a) notify each other Purchaser of the receipt of such payment and (b) apply a portion of such payment to purchase participations (which it shall be deemed to have purchased from each seller of a participation simultaneously upon the receipt by such seller of its portion of such payment) in the Aggregate Amounts Due to the other Purchasers so that all such recoveries of Aggregate Amounts Due shall be shared by all Purchasers in proportion to the Aggregate Amounts Due to them provided, if all or part of such proportionately greater payment received by such purchasing Purchaser is thereafter recovered from such Purchaser upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of Company or otherwise, those purchases shall be rescinded and the purchase prices paid for such participations shall be returned to such purchasing Purchaser ratably to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. Company expressly consents to the foregoing arrangement and agrees that any holder of a participation so purchased may exercise any and all rights of banker s lien, consolidation, set-off or 
 -31- 

counterclaim with respect to any and all monies owing by Company to that holder with respect thereto as fully as if that holder were owed the amount of the participation held by that holder. The provisions of this Section 2.16 shall not be construed to apply to (a) any payment made by any Note Party pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of any Note Document or (b) any payment obtained by any Purchaser as consideration for the transfer in any of its Notes or other Obligations owed to it. 
 2.17 Inability to Determine Rate Increase Cost, Reduced Return, and Funding Losses. 
 (a) Inability to Determine Rate . If, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any Note the Requisite Purchasers determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that (i) Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, that (ii) the purchase, maintaining, converting to, or continuation of its LIBO Rate Portion, (ii) Term SOFR has become unlawful as a result of compliance by Purchaser in good faith with any law, treaty, governmental rule, regulation, guideline or order (or would conflict with any such treaty, governmental rule, regulation, guideline or order not having the force of law even though the failure to comply therewith would not be unlawful), (iii) Term SOFR has become impracticable, as a result of contingencies occurring after the date hereof that materially and adversely affect the market or the position of Purchaser in that market, or (iv) the Requisite Purchasers determine that for any reason that Adjusted Term SOFR for any Interest Period does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Requisite Purchasers of funding the loans evidenced by its Note, the Requisite Purchasers will promptly so notify Company. Upon such notice, any obligation of the Purchasers to purchase Notes, and any right of Company to issue Notes shall be suspended until the Requisite Purchasers revoke such notice. Upon such notice, the Requisite Purchasers shall also have the right to elect to have the principal of the outstanding Notes bear interest at a rate the Requisite Purchasers elect in their sole discretion. Upon any such conversion to a new interest rate, Company shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (b) Increased Cost and Reduced Return Capital Adequacy . 
 (i) If any Change in Law shall (i) subject any Purchaser to any Tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement or any Note, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Purchaser in respect thereof on its Notes, loans, loan principal, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or (ii) impose on any Purchaser any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Notes, and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to any Purchaser of making or maintaining any loan or Note (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such loan or purchase or hold a Note), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by any Purchaser hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of any applicable Purchaser, Company will pay to such applicable Purchaser, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such applicable Purchaser for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (ii) Failure or delay on the part of any Purchaser to demand compensation pursuant to Section 2.17(b)(i) shall not constitute a waiver of its right to demand such compensation provided that Company shall not be required to compensate such Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.17(b)(i) for any reductions in return incurred more than two hundred seventy (270) days prior to the date such Purchaser notifies Company of such law, rule, regulation or guideline giving rise to such reductions and of such Person s intention to claim compensation therefor, provided further that if such claim arises by reason of the adoption of or change in any law, rule, regulation or guideline that is retroactive or if by operation of law such applicable Purchaser is prohibited from giving such notice, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof or shall be extended by the period such prohibition is in effect. 
 (c) Compensation for Breakage or Funding Losses . Company shall compensate any Purchaser, upon written request by such Purchaser (which request shall set forth the basis for requesting such amounts), for all reasonable losses, expenses and liabilities (including any interest paid or calculated to be due and payable by such Purchaser to lenders of funds borrowed by it to purchase or carry its Note and any loss, expense or liability sustained by such Purchaser in connection with the liquidation or re-employment of such funds but excluding loss of anticipated profits) which such applicable Purchaser may sustain (i) if for any reason (other than a default by such applicable Purchaser) a purchase of Notes does not occur on a date specified therefor (ii) if any prepayment or other principal payment of, Notes occurs on any day other than the last day of an Interest Period applicable to that Note (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise) or (iii) if any prepayment of any of its Note is not made on any date specified in a notice of prepayment given by Company. 
 2.18 Reserved . 
 2.19 Taxes Withholding, Etc. 
 -32- 

(a) Payments to Be Free and Clear . All sums payable by or on behalf of any Note Party hereunder and under the other Note Documents shall (except to the extent required by law) be paid free and clear of, and without any deduction or withholding on account of, any Tax (other than a Tax on the overall net income of any Purchaser). 
 (b) Withholding of Taxes . If any Note Party or any other Person (acting as a withholding agent) is (in such withholding agent s reasonable good faith discretion) required by law to make any deduction or withholding on account of any such Tax from any sum paid or payable by any Note Party to any Purchaser under any of the Note Documents (i) Company shall notify Purchasers of any such requirement or any change in any such requirement as soon as Company becomes aware of it (ii) Company or any other Person (acting as a withholding agent) shall pay or cause to be paid any such Tax before the date on which penalties attach thereto, such payment to be made (if the liability to pay is imposed on any Note Party) for its own account or (if that liability is imposed on such Purchaser, as the case may be) on behalf of and in the name of such Purchaser (iii) unless otherwise provided in this Section 2.19 the sum payable by such Note Party in respect of which the relevant deduction, withholding or payment is required shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after the making of that deduction, withholding or payment (including any such Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.19), Purchaser, as the case may be, receives on the due date a net sum equal to what it would have received had no such deduction, withholding or payment been required or made and (iv) within thirty days after the due date of payment of any Tax that it is required by clause (ii) above to pay, Company shall deliver to such Purchaser evidence satisfactory to the other affected parties of such deduction, withholding or payment and of the remittance thereof to the relevant taxing or other authority provided, with respect to any U.S. federal withholding tax, no such additional amount shall be required to be paid to any Purchaser under clause (iii) above except to the extent that any change after the date hereof (in the case of each Purchaser listed on the signature pages hereof on the Closing Date) or after the effective date of the Transfer Agreement pursuant to which such Purchaser became a Purchaser (in the case of each other Purchaser)in any such requirement for a deduction, withholding or payment as is mentioned therein shall result in an increase in the rate of such deduction, withholding or payment from that in effect at the date hereof or at the date of such Transfer Agreement, as the case may be, in respect of payments to such Purchaser provided that additional amounts shall be payable to a Purchaser to the extent that such Purchaser s transferor was entitled to receive such additional amounts. 
 (c) Evidence of Exemption From U.S. Withholding Tax . Each Purchaser that is not a United States person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code) for U.S. federal income tax purposes (a Non-U.S. Purchaser shall, to the extent such Purchaser is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Company, on or prior to the Closing Date (in the case of each Purchaser listed on the signature pages hereof on the Closing Date) or on or prior to the date of the Transfer Agreement pursuant to which it becomes a Purchaser (in the case of each other Purchaser), and at such other times as may be necessary in the determination of Company (in the reasonable exercise of its discretion), (i) two copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI, W-8EXP and or W-8IMY (or, in each case, any successor forms), properly completed and duly executed by such Purchaser, and such other documentation required under the Internal Revenue Code and reasonably requested by Company to establish that such Purchaser is not subject to (or is subject to a reduced rate of) deduction or withholding of U.S. federal income tax with respect to any payments to such Purchaser of principal, interest, fees or other amounts payable under any of the Note Documents, or (ii) if such Purchaser is not a bank or other Person described in Section 881(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate together with two copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-8IMY (or, in each case, any successor form), properly completed and duly executed by such Purchaser, and such other documentation required under the Internal Revenue Code and reasonably requested by Company to establish that such Purchaser is not subject to (or is subject to a reduced rate of) deduction or withholding of U.S. federal income tax with respect to any payments to such Purchaser of interest payable under any of the Note Documents. Each Purchaser that is a United States person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code) for U.S. federal income tax purposes (a U.S. Purchaser shall deliver to Company on or prior to the Closing Date (or, if later, on or prior to the date on which such Purchaser becomes a party to this Agreement) two copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form), properly completed and duly executed by such Purchaser, certifying that such U.S. Purchaser is entitled to an exemption from U.S. backup withholding tax, or otherwise prove that it is entitled to such an exemption. Each Purchaser required to deliver any forms, certificates or other evidence with respect to U.S. federal income tax withholding matters pursuant to this Section 2.19(c) hereby agrees, from time to time after the initial delivery by such Purchaser of such forms, certificates or other evidence, whenever a lapse in time or change in circumstances renders such forms, certificates or other evidence obsolete or inaccurate in any material respect, that such Purchaser shall promptly deliver to Company two new copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI, W-8EXP, W-8IMY, and or W-9 (or, in any case, any successor form), or a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and two copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, or W-8IMY (or, in each case, any successor form), as the case may be, properly completed and duly executed by such Purchaser, and such other documentation required under the Internal Revenue Code and reasonably requested by Company to confirm or establish that such Purchaser is not subject to deduction or withholding of U.S. federal income tax with respect to payments to such Purchaser under the Note Documents, or notify Company of its inability to deliver any 
 -33- 

such forms, certificates or other evidence. Company shall not be required to pay any additional amount to any Purchaser under Section 2.19(b)(iii) if such Purchaser shall have failed to deliver the forms, certificates or other evidence required by the first sentence of this Section 2.19(c). 
 (d) FATCA . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary therein, Company shall not be required to pay any additional amount pursuant to Section 2.19(b) with respect to any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed under FATCA. If a payment made to a Purchaser under any Note Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Purchaser were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Purchaser shall deliver to Company and at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Company or such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Company as may be necessary for Company and to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Purchaser has complied with such Purchaser s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of the preceding sentence of this clause (d), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date hereof. 
 (e) Payment of Other Taxes by Company . Without limiting the provisions of Section 2.19(b), Company shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authorities in accordance with applicable law or, at the option of such Purchaser timely reimburse it for the payment of, all Other Taxes. 
 (f) Indemnification by Note Parties . Note Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify any Purchaser for the full amount of Taxes for which additional amounts are required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.19(b) arising in connection with payments made under this Agreement or any other Note Document and Other Taxes (including any such Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.19) paid or payable by any Purchaser or any of their respective Affiliates and any reasonable and actual out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Note Party shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Such payment shall be due within ten days of such Note Party s receipt of such certificate. 
 (g) Reserved . 
 (h) Reserved . 
 (i) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Note Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.19, such Note Party shall deliver to the Purchasers the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser. 
 (j) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.19 shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Purchaser, the termination of any commitments of such Purchaser and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Note Document. 
 2.20 Obligation to Mitigate . Each Purchaser agrees that, if such Purchaser requests payment under Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19, then such Purchaser will, to the extent not inconsistent with the internal policies of such Purchaser and any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, use reasonable efforts to hold or maintain its Notes, including any Affected Notes, through another office of such Purchaser if, as a result thereof, the additional amounts payable to such Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19, as the case may be, in the future would be eliminated or reduced and if, as determined by such Purchaser in its sole discretion, the purchasing, holding or maintaining of such Notes through such other office or in accordance with such other measures, as the case may be, would not otherwise adversely affect such Notes or the interests of such Purchaser provided, such Purchaser will not be obligated to utilize such other office pursuant to this Section 2.20 unless Company agrees to pay all incremental expenses incurred by such Purchaser as a result of utilizing such other office as described above. A certificate as to the amount of any such expenses payable by Company pursuant to this Section 2.20 (setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount) submitted by such Purchaser shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 2.21 Defaulting Purchasers . Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that any Purchaser, other than at the direction or request of any regulatory agency or authority, defaults in its obligation to purchase (a Defaulting Purchaser any Note (in each case, a Defaulted Purchase Obligation ), then (a) except to the extent such Purchaser s vote is required under Section 10.5(b), during any Default Period with respect to such Defaulting Purchaser, such Defaulting Purchaser shall be deemed not to be a Purchaser for 
 -34- 

purposes of voting on any matters (including the granting of any consents or waivers) with respect to any of the Note Documents (b) to the extent permitted by applicable law, until such time as the Default Excess, if any, with respect to such Defaulting Purchaser shall have been reduced to zero, (i) any voluntary prepayment of the Notes shall, if Requisite Purchasers so direct at the time of making such voluntary prepayment, be applied to the Notes of other Purchasers as if such Defaulting Purchaser had no Notes outstanding and the outstanding Notes of such Defaulting Purchaser were zero, and (ii) any mandatory prepayment of the Notes shall, if Requisite Purchasers so direct at the time of making such mandatory prepayment, be applied to the Notes of other Purchasers (but not to the Notes of such Defaulting Purchaser) as if such Defaulting Purchaser had honored all of its Defaulted Purchase Obligations, it being understood and agreed that any portion of any mandatory prepayment of the Notes that is not paid to such Defaulting Purchaser solely as a result of the operation of the provisions of this clause (b) shall be paid to the non-Defaulting Purchasers on a ratable basis (c) such Defaulting Purchaser s Commitments shall be excluded for purposes of calculating the commitment fee payable to Purchasers in respect of any day during any Default Period with respect to such Defaulting Purchaser, and such Defaulting Purchaser shall not be entitled to receive any commitment fee pursuant to Section 2.10 with respect to such Defaulting Purchaser s Commitment in respect of any Default Period with respect to such Defaulting Purchaser. No Commitment of any Purchaser shall be increased or otherwise affected, and, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.21, performance by Company of its obligations hereunder and the other Note Documents shall not be excused or otherwise modified as a result of any Purchaser becoming a Defaulting Purchaser or the operation of this Section 2.21. 
 2.22 Removal or Replacement of a Purchaser . Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that (a) (i) any Purchaser (an Increased-Cost Purchaser shall give notice to Company that such Purchaser is an Affected Purchaser or that such Purchaser is entitled to receive payments under Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19, (ii) the circumstances that have caused such Purchaser to be an Affected Purchaser or that entitle such Purchaser to receive such payments shall remain in effect, and (iii) such Purchaser shall fail to withdraw such notice within five Business Days after Company s request for such withdrawal or (b) (i) any Purchaser shall become and continue to be a Defaulting Purchaser, and (ii) such Defaulting Purchaser shall fail to cure the default as a result of which it has become a Defaulting Purchaser within five Business Days after Company s request that it cure such default or (c) in connection with any proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any of the provisions hereof as contemplated by Section 10.5(b), the consent of Requisite Purchasers shall have been obtained but the consent of one or more of such other Purchasers (each a Non-Consenting Purchaser whose consent is required shall not have been obtained then, with respect to each such Increased-Cost Purchaser, Defaulting Purchaser or Non-Consenting Purchaser (the Terminated Purchaser ), Requisite Purchasers may (which, in the case of an Increased-Cost Purchaser, only after receiving written request from Company to remove such Increased-Cost Purchaser), by giving written notice to Company and any Terminated Purchaser of its election to do so, elect to cause such Terminated Purchaser (and such Terminated Purchaser hereby irrevocably agrees) to transfer its outstanding Notes in full to one or more Eligible Transferees (each a Replacement Purchaser in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.6 and such Terminated Purchaser shall pay the fees, if any, payable in connection with any such transfer from an Increased-Cost Purchaser or a Non-Consenting Purchaser or a Defaulting Purchaser provided, (1) on the date of such assignment, the Replacement Purchaser shall pay to Terminated Purchaser an amount equal to the sum of (A) an amount equal to the principal of, and all accrued interest on, all outstanding Notes of the Terminated Purchaser and (B) an amount equal to all accrued, but theretofore unpaid fees owing to such Terminated Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.10 (other than any breakage costs, prepayment premium or other similar amounts that would be payable in connection with a voluntary prepayment) (2) on the date of such assignment, Company shall pay any amounts payable to such Terminated Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.17, 2.18 or 2.19 or under any other Note Document (3) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law, and (4) in the event such Terminated Purchaser is a Non-Consenting Purchaser, each Replacement Purchaser shall consent, at the time of such transfer, to each matter in respect of which such Terminated Purchaser was a Non-Consenting Purchaser. Upon the prepayment of all amounts owing to any Terminated Purchaser, such Terminated Purchaser shall no longer constitute a Purchaser for purposes hereof provided, any rights of such Terminated Purchaser to indemnification hereunder shall survive as to such Terminated Purchaser. Each Purchaser agrees that if Requisite Purchasers exercise the option hereunder to cause a transfer by such Purchaser as a Non-Consenting Purchaser, Increased-Cost Purchaser or Terminated Purchaser, such Purchaser shall, promptly after receipt of written notice of such election, execute and deliver all documentation necessary to effectuate such transfer in accordance with Section 10.6. 
 2.23 Representations and Warranties by the Purchasers . Each Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to Company as follows 
 (a) Investor Status . It (i) is an accredited investor , as that term is defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act, (ii) has such knowledge, skill, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters, based on actual participation, that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the purchase of the Notes from Company and the suitability thereof for Purchaser, (iii) is a sophisticated purchaser with respect to the purchase of the Notes, (iv) is able to bear the economic risk associated with the purchase of the Notes, (v) has had an opportunity to ask questions of the principal officers and representatives of Company and to obtain any additional 
 -35- 

information necessary to permit an evaluation of the benefits and risks associated with the investment made hereby, (vi) has been provided adequate information concerning the business and financial condition of Company to make an informed decision regarding the purchase of the Notes, (vii) has such knowledge and experience, and has made investments of a similar nature, so as to be aware of the risks and uncertainties inherent in the purchase of rights and assumption of liabilities of the type contemplated in this Agreement, and (viii) has independently and without reliance upon Company, and based on such information as Purchaser has deemed appropriate, made its own analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement, except that Purchaser has relied upon Company s express representations and warranties in this Agreement and other Note Documents. 
 (b) Investment for Own Account . Such Purchaser is purchasing the Notes for investment for its own account and not with a view towards the sale or distribution thereof in violation of applicable securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. Such Purchaser acknowledges there are restrictions on its ability to resell the Notes under applicable securities laws. 
 (c) Transfer Restrictions . Such Purchaser understands that the offering and sale of the Notes by Company is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to section 4(a)(2) thereof Company is not registering the Notes under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and there is no existing public or other market for the Notes. Such Purchaser understands that any certificate representing the Notes that are issued to such Purchaser may bear, in Company s discretion, the following restrictive legend and will be restricted from transfer in accordance with such legend 
 The sale of this Senior Secured Note has not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 1933 (the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The holder hereof, by purchasing or otherwise acquiring this security, acknowledges that the sale of this security has not been registered under the Securities Act. The holder agrees for the benefit of Company, any distributors or dealers and any such persons affiliates that this security may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only in compliance with the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws and only (1) pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or (2) pursuant to another exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and other jurisdictions. The holder acknowledges that the purpose of the foregoing limitation is, in part, to ensure that the issuer is not required to register under the Securities Act. 
 Section 3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 3.1 Closing Date . The obligation of each Purchaser to enter into this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction, or waiver in accordance with Section 10.5, of the following conditions on or before the Closing Date (in each case, except to the extent required to be satisfied as a condition subsequent in accordance with Section 5.16) 
 (a) Note Documents . The Purchasers shall have received sufficient copies of this Agreement and each other Note Document to be entered into as of the Closing Date (it being understood and agreed that the Collateral Documents are not required to be executed as of the Closing Date except to the extent that the Closing Date is also a Credit Date), in each case as the Purchasers shall request, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers, and executed and delivered by each applicable Note Party and each other Person party thereto. 
 (b) Organizational Documents Incumbency . The Purchasers shall have received in respect of each Note Party (i) sufficient copies of each Organizational Document as the Purchasers shall request, in each case certified by an Authorized Officer of such Note Party and, to the extent applicable, certified as of the Closing Date or a recent date prior thereto by the appropriate Governmental Authority (ii) signature and incumbency certificates of the officers of such Note Party executing any Note Documents to which it is a party (iii) resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Note Party approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the other Note Documents, in each case, to which it is a party or by which it or its assets may be bound as of the Closing Date, certified as of the Closing Date by an appropriate Authorized Officer as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment (iv) a good standing certificate from the applicable Governmental Authority of such Note Party s jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation and in each jurisdiction in which it is qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity to do business, each dated a recent date prior to the Closing Date and (v) such other documents as the Purchasers may reasonably request. 
 (c) Reserved . 
 -36- 

(d) Reserved . 
 (e) Reserved . 
 (f) Reserved . 
 (g) Reserved . 
 (h) Governmental Authorizations and Consents . Each Note Party shall have obtained all Governmental Authorizations and all consents of other Persons, in each case that are necessary or advisable in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Note Documents to occur on or prior to the Closing Date (including the entering into of the Note Documents to be delivered on the Closing Date) and each of the foregoing shall be in full force and effect and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers. All applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken or threatened by any competent authority that would restrain, prevent or otherwise impose adverse conditions on the transactions contemplated by the Note Documents to occur on or prior to the Closing Date or the financing thereof and no action, request for stay, petition for review or rehearing, reconsideration, or appeal with respect to any of the foregoing shall be pending, and the time for any applicable agency to take action to set aside its consent on its own motion shall have expired. 
 (i) Reserved 
 (j) Reserved . 
 (k) Reserved . 
 (l) Reserved . 
 (m) Reserved . 
 (n) Reserved . 
 (o) Reserved . 
 (p) Solvency Certificate . On the Closing Date, the Purchasers shall have received a Solvency Certificate from Company dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to the Purchasers, and in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser, with appropriate attachments and demonstrating that after giving effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be consummated on the Closing Date, Company and its Subsidiaries each is and will be Solvent. 
 (q) Closing Date Certificate . Company shall have delivered to Purchaser an originally executed Closing Date Certificate, together with all attachments thereto. 
 (r) Reserved . 
 (s) No Litigation . There shall not exist any action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding, hearing, or other legal or regulatory developments, pending or threatened in any court or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority that, in the reasonable opinion of the Purchasers, singly or in the aggregate, materially impairs the transactions contemplated by the Note Documents or that could have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (t) Due Diligence . Each Purchaser shall have completed, to its satisfaction, all legal, tax, environmental, business and other due diligence with respect to the business, assets, liabilities, operations and condition (financial or otherwise) of the Note Parties in scope and determination reasonably satisfactory to Purchasers in their respective discretion (including satisfactory review of (i) the lease agreements for each Leasehold Property, (ii) all Managed Company Documents and (iii) all Material Contracts), and, other than changes occurring in the ordinary course of business, no information or materials are or should have been available to the Note Parties as of the Closing Date that are materially inconsistent with the material previously provided to Purchasers for their respective due diligence review of the Note Parties. 
 (u) Reserved . 
 -37- 

(v) Reserved . 
 (w) Reserved . 
 (x) Reserved . 
 (y) Reserved . 
 (z) Reserved . 
 (aa) Completion of Proceedings . All partnership, corporate and other proceedings taken or to be taken in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and all documents incidental thereto not previously found acceptable by Purchaser and its counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Purchaser and such counsel, and Purchaser, and such counsel shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified copies of such documents as Purchaser may reasonably request. 
 (bb) Agent for Service of Process . On the Closing Date, Purchaser shall have received evidence that each Note Party has appointed an agent in New York City for the purpose of service of process in New York City and such agent shall agree in writing to give Purchaser at least 30 days notice of any resignation of such service agent or other termination of the agency relationship. 
 (cc) Reserved . 
 (dd) Reserved . 
 (ee) Reserved . 
 (ff) Reserved . 
 3.2 Conditions to Each Credit Date. 
 (a) Conditions Precedent . The obligation of Purchaser to purchase the Notes on any Credit Date is subject to the satisfaction, or waiver in accordance with Section 10.5, of the following conditions precedent 
 (i) Purchaser shall have received a fully executed and delivered Funding Notice 
 (ii) Except as permitted by clause (b), (c) and (d) of Section 6.4 , no Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall be a party to any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits the creation or assumption of any Lien upon any Note Party s properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure the Obligations 
 (iii) As of such Credit Date, the representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Note Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of that Credit Date to the same extent as though made on and as of that date, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not apply to any representations and warranties to the extent already qualified or modified by materiality or similar concept in the text thereof 
 (iv) As of such Credit Date, no event shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the issuance and sale of the Notes that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default 
 (v) As of such Credit Date and after giving Pro Forma Effect to such purchase of Notes, as certified by the Chief Financial Officer in the Chief Financial Officer s Funding Certificate and evidenced by a reasonably detailed written summary of such uses of proceeds attached thereto, the Borrower shall be in compliance with the requirements of Section 6.8 hereof 
 (vi) As of such Credit Date, the Purchasers shall have received a Solvency Certificate from Company dated as of such Credit Date and addressed to the Purchasers, and in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers, with appropriate attachments and demonstrating that after giving 
 -38- 

effect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on such Credit Date, the issuance and sale of the Notes to occur on such Credit Date, Company and its Subsidiaries each is and will be Solvent 
 (vii) As of such Credit Date and after giving effect to the applicable purchase of Notes occurring on such Credit Date, other than in respect of the Notes and as permitted by Sections 6.1 and 6.2, the Note Parties (x) shall not have, directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness and (y) shall not have any property or asset of any kind (including any document or instrument in respect of goods or accounts receivable) of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, leased (as lessee), or licensed (as licensee), or any income, profits, or royalties therefrom, subject to any Lien 
 (viii) The Chief Financial Officer of Company shall have delivered a Chief Financial Officer s Funding Certificate representing and warranting that (x) Company used best efforts to obtain sufficient financing from a third party for Company to pay and discharge, when due and payable, all Company Obligations, (y) Company is unable despite its best efforts to obtain such financing from a third party on terms reasonably acceptable to a majority of the disinterested directors of Company, with acceptability determined as if the financing available to Company under this Agreement were not available and (z) (1) absent obtaining the funds requested by the applicable Funding Notice, Company will not have sufficient unrestricted cash to pay and discharge, when due and payable, the Subject Obligations, and (2) there are no conditions or events that, when considered in the aggregate, raise substantial doubt about Company s ability to continue as a going concern through August 15, 2023, after giving effect to the receipt of the funds requested by such Funding Notice and the Remaining Amount 
 (ix) As of any applicable Credit Date, Company and its Subsidiaries shall have (a) repaid in full all Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to the Goldman NPA (ii) terminated any commitments to lend or make other extensions of credit thereunder, and (iii) delivered to Purchasers all documents or instruments necessary to release all Liens securing such Indebtedness or other obligations of Company and its Subsidiaries thereunder being repaid on the such applicable Credit Date, in each case in a manner satisfactory in all respect to the Purchasers 
 (x) Reserved 
 (xi) Collateral Agent or Requisite Purchasers shall be entitled, but not obligated to, request and receive, prior to the issuance and sale of the Notes, additional information reasonably satisfactory to the requesting party confirming the satisfaction of any of the foregoing if, in the good faith judgment of such Collateral Agent or Requisite Purchasers, such request is warranted under the circumstances 
 (xii) Since December 31, 2021, no event, circumstance or change shall have occurred that has caused or evidences, either in any case or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect 
 (xiii) At least ten days prior to each Credit Date, the Purchasers shall have received all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act 
 (xiv) At least five days prior to each Credit Date, the Note Parties shall deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Note Party 
 (xv) Solely in the event that Terren S. Peizer is neither an executive officer of Company nor a member of the Board of Directors of Company as of such applicable Credit Date, the Purchaser shall have received together with a written statement by such independent certified public accountants stating (1) that their audit examination has included a review of the terms of the Note Documents, (2) whether, in connection therewith, any condition or event that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default has come to their attention and, if such a condition or event has come to their attention, specifying the nature and period of existence thereof, and (3) that nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the information contained in any Compliance Certificate is not correct or that the matters set forth in such Compliance Certificate are not stated in accordance with the terms hereof (such report shall also include (x) a detailed summary of any audit adjustments (y) a reconciliation of any audit adjustments or reclassifications to the previously provided monthly or quarterly financials and (z) restated monthly or quarterly financials for any impacted periods) and 
 (xvi) The budget attached hereto as Schedule 3.2(a)(xvi) is Company s true, correct and complete budget as of the Closing Date and (x) Company has not deviated from the cost structure and expense requirements set forth therein in any material respect on or prior to such Credit Date and (y) Company s funding of operations during the applicable period from the Closing Date through such applicable Credit Date has been in accordance with such budget in all material respects as of such Credit Date provided, however, that expenses 
 -39- 

associated with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Note Documents, including obtaining the consent under the Goldman NPA, in each case, incurred, reimbursed or paid by Company shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining compliance with the preceding clauses (x) or (y). 
 (b) Notices . Any Notice shall be executed by an Authorized Officer in a writing delivered to Purchaser. In lieu of delivering a Notice, Company may give Purchaser telephonic notice by the required time of any proposed issuance or sale provided each such notice shall be promptly confirmed in writing by delivery of the applicable Notice to Purchaser on or before the close of business on the date that telephonic notice is given. In the event of a discrepancy between the telephonic notice and the written notice, the written notice shall govern. In the case of any Notice that is irrevocable once given, if Company provides telephonic notice in lieu of such Notice in writing, such telephone notice shall also be irrevocable once given. Purchaser shall incur any liability to Company in acting upon any telephonic notice referred to above that Purchaser believes in good faith to have been given by a duly authorized officer or other person authorized on behalf of Company or for otherwise acting in good faith. 
 (c) Each request for a sale and purchase of a Note by Company hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty by Company as of the applicable Credit Date that the conditions contained in Section 3.2(a) have been satisfied. 
 Section 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 In order to induce Collateral Agent and Purchasers to enter into this Agreement and to purchase the Notes, each Note Party represents and warrants to Collateral Agent and Purchaser, on the Closing Date and on each Credit Date, that the following statements are true and correct 
 4.1 Organization Requisite Power and Authority Qualification . Each of Company and its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization as identified in Schedule 4.1, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all Governmental Authorizations required to own and operate its properties, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to enter into the Note Documents to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby, and (c) is qualified to do business and in good standing in every jurisdiction where its assets are located and wherever necessary to carry out its business and operations, except in jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing has not had, and could not be reasonably expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.2 Capital Stock and Ownership . The Capital Stock of each of Company and its Subsidiaries has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and non-assessable. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.2, as of the date hereof, there is no existing option, warrant, call, right, commitment or other agreement to which Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party requiring, and there is no membership interest or other Capital Stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries outstanding that upon conversion or exchange would require, the issuance by Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any additional Capital Stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries or other Securities convertible into, exchangeable for or evidencing the right to subscribe for or purchase, additional Capital Stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Schedule 4.2 correctly sets forth the ownership interest of Company and each of its Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date. 
 4.3 Due Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance of the Note Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of each Note Party that is a party thereto. 
 4.4 No Conflict . The execution, delivery and performance by Note Parties of the Note Documents to which they are parties and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Note Documents do not and will not (a) violate any provision of any law or any governmental rule or regulation applicable to Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any of the Organizational Documents of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any order, judgment or decree of any court or other agency of government binding on Company or any of its Subsidiaries (b) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any Material Contract or any other material Contractual Obligation of Company or any of its Subsidiaries (c) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Liens created under any of the Note Documents in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties) or (d) require any approval of stockholders, members or partners or any approval or consent of any Person under any Material Contract or any other material Contractual Obligation of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for such approvals or consents that have been obtained on or before the Closing Date and have been disclosed in writing to the Purchasers. 
 -40- 

4.5 Governmental Consents . The execution, delivery and performance by Note Parties of the Note Documents to which they are parties and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Note Documents do not and will not require any registration with, consent or approval of, or notice to, or other action to, with or by, any Governmental Authority, except for (a) filings and recordings with respect to the Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to Collateral Agent for filing and or recordation, as of the Closing Date, and (b) the filing of a listing of additional shares application with the Exchange and the receipt of a no objection response from the Exchange with respect thereto. 
 4.6 Binding Obligation . Each Note Document required to be delivered hereunder has been duly executed and delivered by each Note Party that is a party thereto and is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Note Party, enforceable against such Note Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 
 4.7 Historical Financial Statements . The Historical Financial Statements were prepared in conformity with GAAP and fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position, on a consolidated basis, of the Persons described in such financial statements as at the respective dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows, on a consolidated basis, of the entities described therein for each of the periods then ended, subject, in the case of any such unaudited financial statements, to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments. As of the Closing Date, other than this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any contingent liability or liability for taxes, long-term lease or unusual forward or long-term commitment that is not reflected in the Historical Financial Statements or the notes thereto and that in any such case is material in relation to the business, operations, properties, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of Company and any of its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 4.8 Projections . On and as of the Closing Date, the projections of Company and its Subsidiaries for the period of Fiscal Year 2022 through and including Fiscal Year 2026, including monthly projections for each month during the Fiscal Year in which the Closing Date takes place (the Projections ), are based on good faith estimates and assumptions made by the management of Company provided, the Projections are not to be viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by the Projections may differ from such Projections and that the differences may be material provided further, as of the Closing Date, management of Company believed that the Projections were reasonable and attainable. 
 4.9 No Material Adverse Change . Since December 31, 2021, no event, circumstance or change has occurred that has caused or evidences, either in any case or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.10 No Restricted Junior Payments . Since December 31, 2021, neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has directly or indirectly declared, ordered, paid or made, or set apart any sum or property for, any Restricted Junior Payment except as permitted pursuant to Section 6.5. 
 4.11 Adverse Proceedings, etc. . There are no Adverse Proceedings that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or liability of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates in excess of 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such Adverse Proceedings, in each case during the term of this Agreement. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (a) is in violation of any applicable laws (including Environmental Laws) that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or liability of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates in excess of 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such violations, in each case during the term of this Agreement, or (b) is subject to or in default with respect to any final judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, rules or regulations of any court or any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or liability of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates in excess of 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such defaults, in each case during the term of this Agreement. 
 4.12 Payment of Taxes . All income tax returns and other material tax returns and reports of Company and its Subsidiaries required to be filed by any of them have been timely filed, and all Taxes due and payable and all assessments, fees and other governmental charges upon Company and its Subsidiaries and upon their respective properties, assets, income, businesses and franchises that are due and payable have been paid when due and payable (other than any Taxes the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of Company and or its applicable Subsidiary, as the case may be). There is no pending tax assessment against Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is not being actively contested by Company or such Subsidiary in good faith and by appropriate proceedings provided, such reserves or other appropriate provisions, if any, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made or provided therefor. 
 -41- 

4.13 Properties. 
 (a) Title . Each of Company and its Subsidiaries has (i) good, sufficient and legal title to (in the case of fee interests in real property), (ii) valid leasehold interests in (in the case of leasehold interests in real or personal property), (iii) valid licensed rights in (in the case of licensed interests in Intellectual Property), and (iv) good title to (in the case of all other personal property), all of their respective properties and assets reflected in the Historical Financial Statements and in the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1, in each case except for assets disposed of since the date of such financial statements in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise permitted under Section 6.9. Except as permitted by this Agreement, all such properties and assets are free and clear of Liens. 
 (b) Real Estate . As of the Closing Date, Schedule 4.13 contains a true, accurate and complete list of (i) all Real Estate Assets, including an indication as to whether each such Real Estate Asset constitutes a Material Real Estate Asset within the meaning of clauses (i) or (ii) of the definition thereof or an Immaterial Fee-Owned Property within the meaning of clause (a) of the definition thereof, as applicable, and (ii) all leases, subleases or assignments of leases (together with all amendments, modifications, supplements, renewals or extensions of any thereof) affecting each Real Estate Asset of any Note Party, regardless of whether such Note Party is the landlord or tenant (whether directly or as an assignee or successor in interest) under such lease, sublease or assignment. Each agreement listed in clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence is in full force and effect and Company does not have knowledge of any default that has occurred and is continuing thereunder, and each such agreement constitutes the legally valid and binding obligation of each applicable Note Party, enforceable against such Note Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles. 
 4.14 Environmental Matters . Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective Facilities or operations are subject to any outstanding written order, consent decree or settlement agreement with any Person relating to any Environmental Law, any Environmental Claim, or any Hazardous Materials Activity that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any letter or request for information under Section 104 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9604) or any comparable state law. There are and, to each of Company s and its Subsidiaries knowledge, have been, no conditions, occurrences, or Hazardous Materials Activities that could reasonably be expected to form the basis of an Environmental Claim against Company or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to any Note Party s knowledge, any predecessor of Company or any of its Subsidiaries has filed any notice under any Environmental Law indicating past or present treatment of Hazardous Materials at any Facility, and none of Company s or any of its Subsidiaries operations involves the generation, transportation, treatment, storage or disposal of hazardous waste, as defined under 40 C.F.R. Parts 260-270 or any state equivalent. Compliance with all current or reasonably foreseeable future requirements pursuant to or under Environmental Laws could not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. No event or condition has occurred or is occurring with respect to Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to any Environmental Law, any Release of Hazardous Materials, or any Hazardous Materials Activity that individually or in the aggregate has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.15 No Defaults . Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any of its Contractual Obligations (other than the Goldman NPA), and no condition exists that, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, could constitute such a default, except where the consequences, direct or indirect, of such default or defaults, if any, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or liability of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates in excess of 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such defaults, in each case during the term of this Agreement. 
 4.16 Material Contracts . Schedule 4.16 contains a true, correct and complete list of all the Material Contracts in effect on the Closing Date, and, together with any updates provided pursuant to Section 5.1(l), (a) all such Material Contracts are in full force and effect, (b) no defaults currently exist thereunder, and (c) each such Material Contract has not been amended, waived, or otherwise modified except as permitted under this Agreement. True, correct and complete copies of all Material Contracts listed on Schedule 4.16 have been delivered to the Purchasers. Except as would not be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, Company, its Subsidiaries, and each Managed Company have been and are in compliance with the terms of all Material Customer Contracts. No event has occurred within the one (1) year period prior to the date of this Agreement that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a material breach, violation or default by Company, its Subsidiaries, or any Managed Company under any Material Customer Contract. 
 -42- 

4.17 Governmental Regulation . Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to regulation under the Federal Power Act or the Investment Company Act of 1940 or under any other federal or state statute or regulation that may limit its ability to incur Indebtedness or that may otherwise render all or any portion of the Obligations unenforceable. Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a registered investment company or a company controlled by a registered investment company or a principal underwriter of a registered investment company as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 4.18 Federal Reserve Regulations Exchange Act. 
 (a) Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. 
 (b) No portion of the proceeds of any issuance and sale of Notes has or will be used in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, that causes or could reasonably be expected to cause, such issuance and sale of Notes or the application of such proceeds to violate Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X of the Board of Governors or any other regulation thereof or to violate the Exchange Act. 
 4.19 Employee Matters . Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged in any unfair labor practice that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or liability of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates in excess of 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such practices, in each case during the term of this Agreement. There is (a) no unfair labor practice complaint pending against Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to the best knowledge of Company, threatened against any of them before the National Labor Relations Board and no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective bargaining agreement that is so pending against Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to the best knowledge of Company, threatened against any of them, (b) no strike or work stoppage in existence or threatened involving Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (c) to the best knowledge of Company, no union representation question existing with respect to the employees of Company or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the best knowledge of Company, no union organization activity that is taking place, except (with respect to any matter specified in clause (a), (b) or (c) above, either individually or in the aggregate) such as is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or result in liabilities in excess of 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such liabilities. No Note Party has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act WARN or any similar federal or state law that remains unpaid or unsatisfied and could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or is in excess of 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such liabilities. 
 4.20 Employee Benefit Plans . Company, each of its Subsidiaries and each of their respective ERISA Affiliates are in compliance with all applicable provisions and requirements of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder with respect to each Employee Benefit Plan, and have performed all their obligations under each Employee Benefit Plan. Each Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service indicating that such Employee Benefit Plan is so qualified and nothing has occurred subsequent to the issuance of such determination letter that would cause such Employee Benefit Plan to lose its qualified status. No liability to the PBGC (other than required premium payments), the Internal Revenue Service, any Employee Benefit Plan or any trust established under Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected to be incurred by Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur. Except to the extent required under Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code or similar state laws, no Employee Benefit Plan provides health or welfare benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for any retired or former employee of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates. The present value of the aggregate benefit liabilities under each Pension Plan sponsored, maintained or contributed to by Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates (determined as of the end of the most recent plan year on the basis of the actuarial assumptions specified for funding purposes in the most recent actuarial valuation for such Pension Plan), did not exceed the aggregate current value of the assets of such Pension Plan. As of the most recent valuation date for each Multiemployer Plan for which the actuarial report is available, the potential liability of Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective ERISA Affiliates for a complete withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan (within the meaning of Section 4203 of ERISA), when aggregated with such potential liability for a complete withdrawal from all Multiemployer Plans, based on information available pursuant to Section 4221(e) of ERISA is zero. Company, each of its Subsidiaries and each of their ERISA Affiliates have complied with the requirements of Section 515 of ERISA with respect to each Multiemployer Plan and are not in material default (as defined in Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA) with respect to payments to a Multiemployer Plan. 
 4.21 Certain Fees . No broker s or finder s fee or commission will be payable with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except as payable to Collateral Agent and the Purchasers. 
 -43- 

4.22 Solvency . Each Note Party is and, upon the issuance and sale of Notes by such Note Party on any date on which this representation and warranty is made, will be, Solvent. 
 4.23 No Negative Pledge . No Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries is party to any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, or that triggers any requirement for the equitable and ratable sharing of Liens or any similar obligations upon, the creation or assumption of any Lien upon any Note Party s properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure the Obligations. 
 4.24 Compliance with Statutes, Etc. . Each of Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable statutes, regulations and orders of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all Governmental Authorities, in respect of the conduct of its business and the ownership of its property, including compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws with respect to any Real Estate Asset or governing its business and the requirements of any permits issued under such Environmental Laws with respect to any such Real Estate Asset or the operations of Company or any of its Subsidiaries (it being understood, in the case of any statutes, regulations and orders of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all Governmental Authorities that are specifically referred to in any other provision of this Agreement, the Note Parties shall also be required to represent and or comply with, as applicable, the express terms of such provision). Each Note Party possesses all Governmental Authorizations, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names, and rights in respect of the foregoing, material and necessary to the conduct of its business without known conflict with any rights of others. Without limiting the foregoing, on or prior to the Closing Date, Company has made all filings with the SEC required under the Securities Act, Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to transactions contemplated by this Agreement to have occurred on or prior to the Closing Date, in each case, on or prior to the date required thereunder (without giving effect to any extension or possible extension of such dates permitted thereunder). 
 4.25 Healthcare Compliance. 
 (a) Each of Company and its Subsidiaries, and each Managed Company is, and during the six (6) year period prior to the Closing Date has been, in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable Healthcare Laws. Neither Company, nor its Subsidiaries, nor any Managed Company has received any notification or communication from any Governmental Authority, Payor Counterparty, or any other Person (i) regarding any actual, alleged, possible or potential violation of, or failure to comply, in any material respect, with, or liability under, any applicable Healthcare Law or (ii) threatening to revoke any Governmental Authorization owned or held by Company or its Subsidiaries, or any Managed Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 (i) Company, its Subsidiaries, and the Managed Companies each possess and maintain in good standing all applicable licenses and Governmental Authorizations required under Healthcare Laws, and does not engage in activities subject to licensure or Governmental Authorization in jurisdictions in which such licensure or Governmental Authorization is not maintained. Company, its Subsidiaries, and the Managed Companies each have been and are in compliance, in all material respects, with the requirements of all such licenses and Governmental Authorizations. 
 (ii) Company, its Subsidiaries, and each Managed Company have timely filed all material regulatory reports, schedules, statements, documents, filings, submissions, forms, registrations and other documents, together with any amendments required to be made with respect thereto, that it was required to file with any Governmental Authority, including state health and insurance regulatory authorities, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on or after the Closing Date. All such regulatory filings complied in all material respects with applicable Healthcare Laws. 
 (iii) Neither Company, its Subsidiaries, nor any Managed Company has denied or limited services or benefits to individuals in a manner that is inconsistent with or violates Healthcare Laws or requirements applicable under any Material Customer Contract. 
 (b) Neither Company, nor its Subsidiaries, nor any Managed Company, nor to Company s knowledge, any director, officer, employee or agent of Company, or any of its Subsidiaries, or Managed Company, has, during the last six (6) years, directly or indirectly (i) given, received, offered to pay to or solicited any remuneration from, in cash or in kind, any physician, supplier, vendor, contractor, Federal Healthcare Program, other government program or other Person in violation of applicable Healthcare Laws (ii) knowingly made or caused to be made or induced or sought to induce the making of any false statement or representation (or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein) in order that any supplier, vendor, or contractor may receive reimbursement or business from a Federal Healthcare Program or other government program or (iii) made or agreed to make any illegal contribution, gift or gratuitous payment (whether in money, property, or services) to, or for the private use of, any Governmental Authority or any government official, employee or agent. 
 -44- 

(c) Neither Company, nor its Subsidiaries, nor Managed Company, nor any directors, officers, employees or, to Company s knowledge, agents of Company, its Subsidiaries, or Managed Company (i) has been, or is currently in the process of being, excluded, suspended, debarred, or otherwise determined to be, or identified as, ineligible by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of the Inspector General OIG or the General Services Administration GSA from participation in any Federal Healthcare Program, (ii) is listed on the office of the OIG s or GSA s excluded persons list, or (iii) has entered into any corporate integrity agreement, settlement agreement, or other agreement with any Governmental Authority with regard to any alleged non-compliance with, or violation of, any law, or (iv) has been convicted of any crime or engaged in any conduct for which has debarment is mandated or permitted by 21 U.S.C. 335a provided however that this representation shall not include or cover Terren S. Peizer. To Company s knowledge, no Person has filed or has threatened to file against Company any claim under any federal or state whistleblower statute, including the Federal False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 et. seq.). Neither Company, nor its Subsidiaries, nor Managed Company (A) has been assessed a civil monetary penalty under Section 1128A of the Social Security Act, (B) has been excluded, suspended or debarred, or engaged in any conduct that would result in exclusion, suspension, or debarment from participation in any Federal Healthcare Program, (C) has been convicted of any criminal offense relating to the delivery of an item or service under any Federal Healthcare Program or (D) has made or is in the processing of making a voluntary self-disclosure under the voluntary self-disclosure protocol established by the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or under the self-disclosure protocol established and maintained by OIG, or any United States Attorney, or any other Governmental Authority self-disclosure protocol or similar functions. 
 (d) Each of Company and its Subsidiaries, and each Managed Company has (i) timely filed all reports and billings required to be filed with respect to each Payor Counterparty, all of which were prepared in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and Material Contracts governing reimbursement and claims and the payment policies of the applicable Payor Counterparty, (ii) paid all known and undisputed refunds, overpayments, discounts and adjustments due with respect to any such report or billing, and there is no pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened appeal, adjustment, challenge, audit (including written or, to the knowledge of Company, other notice of an intent to audit), inquiry or litigation by any Payor Counterparty with respect to the billing practices and reimbursement claims of Company, its Subsidiaries, or a Managed Company and (iii) never been audited or otherwise examined by any Payor Counterparty other than routine additional document requests in the ordinary course of business. All billings submitted by Company to any Payor Counterparty in the six (6) years preceding the Closing Date were for medically necessary services actually performed by the billing entity to eligible patients in accordance with the applicable payment rates and coverage rules of the applicable Payor Counterparty, and Company has sufficient and legible documentation that is required to support such billings. 
 (e) At all times during which any health care professional Provider has rendered any health care services to or on behalf of Company, its Subsidiaries, or any Managed Company, such Provider has been and is duly licensed to practice in each applicable jurisdiction and, to the extent such Provider provides services billable to any Federal Healthcare Program, each such Provider has been duly and properly enrolled in such Federal Healthcare Program. To the knowledge of Company, no Provider (i) has been, while acting on behalf or at the request of Company, its Subsidiaries, or any Managed Company, reprimanded, sanctioned or disciplined by any Governmental Authority, professional society, hospital, health care facility, Payor Counterparty or other third party payor, or specialty board, (ii) is currently under investigation by the medical staff of any hospital or health care facility, (iii) is currently the subject of any criminal indictment or criminal proceedings (iv) is currently the subject of any legal proceeding, whether administrative, civil or criminal, relating to an allegation of filing false health care claims, violating Healthcare Laws, or engaging in other billing improprieties or (v) is currently the subject of any legal proceedings based on any allegation of violating professional ethics or standards, or engaging in illegal misconduct relating to his or her professional practice. 
 (f) Company has a compliance and ethics program to the extent required by applicable Healthcare Laws, including, to the extent required thereby, with respect to policies and procedures for detecting and preventing healthcare fraud and abuse, and there are no material compliance complaints outstanding, material internal compliance investigations ongoing, or material compliance corrective actions outstanding under Company s compliance program 
 (g) Each of Company and its Subsidiaries, and each Managed Company is currently conducting its business in material compliance with HIPAA. Each of Company and its Subsidiaries, and each Managed Company has executed Business Associate Agreements (in accordance with HIPAA) with each covered entity for which or whom they provide services, functions or activities that render Company, its Subsidiaries or a Managed Company a Business Associate (as that term is defined by HIPAA). Neither Company, its Subsidiaries, nor the Managed Companies have breached any such Business Associate Agreement, and each of Company and its Subsidiaries, and each Managed Company has implemented appropriate internal policies, procedures and safeguards to maintain the privacy and security of Protected Health Information in compliance with its obligations under such Business Associate Agreements. There are no pending complaints to or investigations by any Governmental Authority with respect to HIPAA compliance by Company, its Subsidiaries or a Managed Company. 
 -45- 

(h) Each of Company and its Subsidiaries, and each Managed Company are as of the date hereof, and have been at all times, in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Privacy and Data Security Laws. There has been no security breach, security incident, unauthorized disclosure, access or use of any Personally Identifiable Information or payment card information maintained or stored by Company, its Subsidiaries or a Managed Company, or other occurrence, act or omission that would constitute a violation of, or require any notice or other remedial action pursuant to the Privacy and Data Security Laws or the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, in each case as applicable to the conduct of Company, its Subsidiaries or the Managed Companies, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on or after the Closing Date. There are no pending complaints to, or investigations by, any Governmental Authority with respect to Company s, its Subsidiaries or a Managed Company s compliance with the Privacy and Data Security Laws. 
 4.26 Disclosure. 
 (a) No representation or warranty of any Note Party contained in any Note Document or in any other documents, certificates or written statements furnished to Collateral Agent or any Purchaser by or on behalf of Company or any of its Subsidiaries for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and no document filed with or furnished to the SEC by any Note Party, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact (known to Company, in the case of any document not furnished by either of them) necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which the same were made. Any projections and pro forma financial information contained in such materials are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by Company to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by Collateral Agent and the Purchasers that such projections as to future events are not to be viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projections may differ from the projected results. There are no facts known (or that should upon the reasonable exercise of diligence be known) to Company (other than matters of a general economic nature) that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and that have not been disclosed herein or in such other documents, certificates and statements furnished to the Purchasers for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 (b) As of the Closing Date and each Credit Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all material respects. 
 4.27 Sanctions Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws Etc. 
 (a) None of Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any Affiliate of any such Person, or any of their respective Directors, officers or, to the knowledge of any Note Party, employees, agents, advisors or other Affiliates is a Sanctioned Person. Each of Company and its Subsidiaries and their respective Directors, officers and, to the knowledge of any Note Party, employees, agents, advisors and Affiliates is in compliance with and has not violated (i) Sanctions, (ii) Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws, and (iii) Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No part of the proceeds of any issuance and sale of Notes has or will be used, directly or indirectly, (A) for the purpose of financing any activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country, (B) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws, or (C) otherwise in any manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions, Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws by any Person. 
 (b) Company and its Subsidiaries have established and currently maintain policies, procedures and controls that are designed (and otherwise comply with applicable law) to ensure that each of Company, its Subsidiaries, and each Controlled Entity, and each of their respective Directors, officers, employees and agents, is and will continue to be in compliance with all applicable current and future Sanctions, Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws. 
 4.28 Private Offering . Neither Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has offered the Notes or any similar securities for sale to, or solicited any offer to buy any of the same from, or otherwise approached or negotiated in respect thereof with, any Person other than the Purchasers and not more than 50 other institutional investors, each of which has been offered the Notes at a private sale for investment. Neither Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has taken, or will take, any action that would subject the issuance or sale of the Notes to the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act or to the registration requirements of any securities or blue sky laws of any applicable jurisdiction. 
 Section 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 -46- 

Each Note Party covenants and agrees that until Payment in Full of all Obligations, each Note Party shall perform, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to perform, all covenants in Section 5. 
 5.1 Financial Statements and Other Reports . Unless otherwise provided below, Company will deliver to the Purchasers 
 (a) Monthly Reports . Solely in the event any Purchaser makes a written request therefor after the Closing Date, as soon as available, and in any event within thirty days (30) after the end of the month in which such request was made, the consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such month and the related consolidated and consolidating statements of income, consolidated statements of stockholders equity and consolidated statements of cash flows of Company and its Subsidiaries for such month and for the period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such month, setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year and the corresponding figures from the Financial Plan for the current Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, together with a schedule of reconciliations for any reclassifications with respect to prior months or periods (and, in connection therewith, copies of any restated financial statements for any impacted month or period) a Financial Officer Certification and a KPI Report with respect thereto and any other operating reports prepared by management for such period 
 (b) Quarterly Financial Statements . Upon filing with the SEC, a Form 10-Q, and solely in the event any Purchaser makes a written request therefor after the Closing Date, within forty-five days (or fifty days if late filing notice is filed with the SEC) after the end of each Fiscal Quarter of each Fiscal Year, the consolidated and consolidating balance sheets of Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the related consolidated (and with respect to statements of income, consolidating) statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of Company and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such Fiscal Quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year and the corresponding figures from the Financial Plan for the current Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, together with a Financial Officer Certification and a Narrative Report with respect thereto 
 (c) Annual Financial Statements . Upon filing with the SEC, a Form 10-K, and solely in the event any Purchaser makes a written request therefor after the Closing Date, within ninety (90) days (or one hundred and five days if late filing notice is filed with the SEC) after the end of each Fiscal Year, (i) the consolidated and consolidating balance sheets of Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated (and with respect to statements of income, consolidating) statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of Company and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the previous Fiscal Year and the corresponding figures from the Financial Plan for the Fiscal Year covered by such financial statements, in reasonable detail, together with a Financial Officer Certification and a Narrative Report with respect thereto and (ii) with respect to such consolidated and consolidating financial statements a report thereon of an Acceptable Auditor or other independent certified public accountants of recognized national standing selected by Company, and reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Purchasers (which report and accompanying financial statements shall be unqualified as to going concern and scope of audit, and shall state that such consolidated financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Company and its Subsidiaries as at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the periods indicated in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior years (except as otherwise disclosed in such financial statements) and that the examination by such accountants in connection with such consolidated financial statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards) 
 (d) Compliance Certificate . Together with each delivery of financial statements of Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to Sections 5.1(a), 5.1(b) and 5.1(c), a duly executed and completed Compliance Certificate 
 (e) Statements of Reconciliation after Change in Accounting Principles . Solely in the event any Purchaser makes a written request therefor after the Closing Date, if as a result of any change in accounting principles and policies from those used in the preparation of the Historical Financial Statements, the consolidated financial statements of Company and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) or 5.1(c) will differ in any material respect from the consolidated financial statements that would have been delivered pursuant to such subdivisions had no such change in accounting principles and policies been made, then, together with the first delivery of such financial statements after such change, one or more statements of reconciliation for all such prior financial statements in form and substance satisfactory to the Requisite Purchaser 
 (f) Notice of Default . Promptly and in any event within three (3) days after any Responsible Officer of Company obtaining knowledge (i) of any condition or event that constitutes a Default or an Event of 
 -47- 

Default or that notice has been given to Company with respect thereto (ii) that any Person has given any notice to Company or any of its Subsidiaries or taken any other action with respect to any event or condition set forth in Section 8.1(b) or (iii) of the occurrence of any event or change that has caused or evidences, either in any case or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, a certificate of a Responsible Officer specifying the nature and period of existence of such condition, event or change, or specifying the notice given and action taken by any such Person and the nature of such claimed Event of Default, Default, default, event or condition, and what action Company has taken, is taking and proposes to take with respect thereto 
 (g) Notice of Adverse Proceedings . In the event Consolidated Liquidity is less than 45,000,000, promptly and in any event within three (3) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of Company obtaining knowledge of (i) the institution of any material Adverse Proceeding not previously disclosed in writing by Company to the Purchasers, or (ii) any development in any Adverse Proceeding that, in the case of either clause (i) or (ii) if adversely determined, could be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or liability of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates in excess of 500,000, individually, or 1,000,000, in the aggregate for all such Adverse Proceedings or seeks to enjoin or otherwise prevent the consummation of, or to recover any damages or obtain relief as a result of, the transactions contemplated hereby, written notice thereof together with such other information as may be reasonably available to Company to enable the Purchasers and their counsel to evaluate such matters 
 (h) ERISA and Employment Matters . In the event Consolidated Liquidity is less than 45,000,000, (i) Promptly and in any event within three (3) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of Company obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of or forthcoming occurrence of any ERISA Event, a written notice specifying the nature thereof, what action Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has taken, is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto and, when known, any action taken or threatened by the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor or the PBGC with respect thereto (ii) promptly and in any event within one day after the same is available to any Note Party, copies of (1) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates with the Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Pension Plan (2) all notices received by Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor concerning an ERISA Event and (3) copies of such other documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Employee Benefit Plan as the Requisite Purchasers shall reasonably request, and (iii) promptly and in any event within one day after any Note Party sends notice of a plant closing or mass layoff (as defined in WARN) to employees, copies of each such notice sent by such Note Party 
 (i) Financial Plan . Solely in the event any Purchaser makes a written request therefor after the Closing Date, as soon as practicable and in any event no later than thirty (30) days after such request, a consolidated plan and financial forecast and updated model for any completed Fiscal Year and each subsequent Fiscal Year (or portion thereof) so specifically requested (a Financial Plan ), including (i) a forecasted consolidated balance sheet and forecasted consolidated statements of income and cash flows of Company and its Subsidiaries for each such Fiscal Year, together with pro forma Compliance Certificates for each such Fiscal Year and an explanation of the assumptions on which such forecasts are based, (ii) forecasted consolidated statements of income and cash flows of Company and its Subsidiaries for each month of each such Fiscal Year, (iii) forecasts demonstrating projected compliance with the requirements of Section 6.8 through the Notes Maturity Date, and (iv) forecasts demonstrating adequate liquidity through the Notes Maturity Date, together, in each case, with an explanation of the assumptions on which such forecasts are based all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent the Requisite Purchasers 
 (j) Insurance Report . Solely in the event any Purchaser makes a written request therefor after the Closing Date, as soon as practicable and in any event by the last day of the Fiscal Year in which such request is made, one or more certificates from the Note Parties insurance broker(s) together with accompanying endorsements, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Purchasers, and a report outlining all material insurance coverage maintained as of the date of such report by Company and its Subsidiaries and all material insurance coverage planned to be maintained by Company and its Subsidiaries in the immediately succeeding Fiscal Year 
 (k) Notice of Change in Board of Directors . In the event Consolidated Liquidity is less than 45,000,000, with reasonable promptness and in any event within ten (10) days after such change, written notice of any change in the Board of Directors of Company provided, that no such notice will be required if Terren S. Peizer is a member of the Board of Directors of Company on the day when change occurred 
 (l) Notice Regarding Material Contracts or Material Indebtedness . In the event Consolidated Liquidity is less than 45,000,000, promptly, and in any event within three (3) Business Days after (i) (A) any Material Contract of Company or any of its Subsidiaries is terminated or amended in a manner that is materially 
 -48- 

adverse to Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, (B) any new Material Contract is entered into or (C) the enforceability or legality of any Managed Company Document is challenged or questioned formally, in writing, by any Governmental Authority, or (ii) after any Responsible Officer of any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries obtaining knowledge (A) of any condition or event that constitutes a default or an event of default under any Material Contract, Managed Company Document or Material Indebtedness, (B) that any event, circumstance, or condition exists or has occurred that gives any counterparty to such Material Contract a termination or assignment right thereunder, or (C) that notice has been given to any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries asserting that any such condition or event has occurred, a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the applicable Note Party specifying the nature and period of existence of such condition or event and, in the case of clause (i), including copies of such material amendments or new contracts, delivered to the Purchasers (to the extent such delivery is permitted by the terms of any such Material Contract, provided, no such prohibition on delivery shall be effective if it were bargained for by Company or its applicable Subsidiary with the intent of avoiding compliance with this Section 5.1(l)) and, in the case of clause (ii), as applicable, explaining the nature of such claimed default or event of default, and including an explanation of any actions being taken or proposed to be taken by such Note Party or Company with respect thereto 
 (m) Environmental Reports and Audits . In the event Consolidated Liquidity is less than 45,000,000, as soon as practicable and in any event within ten days following receipt thereof, copies of all environmental audits, reports, and notices with respect to environmental matters at any Facility or that relate to any environmental liabilities of Company or its Subsidiaries that, in any such case, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or in liabilities that exceed 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such liabilities, in each case, during the term of this Agreement 
 (n) Information Regarding Collateral . On the Initial Note Date, (a) Company will furnish to Collateral Agent prior written notice of any change (i) in any Note Party s corporate name, (ii) in any Note Party s identity or corporate structure, (iii) in any Note Party s jurisdiction of organization or formation, or (iv) in any Note Party s Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or state organizational identification number. Company agrees not to effect or permit any change referred to in the preceding sentence unless all filings have been made under the UCC or otherwise that are required in order for Collateral Agent to continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected security interest in all the Collateral and for the Collateral at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected security interest as contemplated in the Collateral Documents. Company also agrees promptly to notify Collateral Agent if any material portion of the Collateral is lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed 
 (o) Annual Collateral Verification . Each year, at the time of delivery of annual financial statements with respect to the preceding Fiscal Year pursuant to Section 5.1(c), Company shall deliver to Collateral Agent a certificate of an Authorized Officer either (i) confirming that there has been no change in such information since the date of the Collateral Questionnaire delivered on the Closing Date or the date of the most recent certificate delivered pursuant to this Section 5.1(o) or (ii) identifying such changes 
 (p) Aging Reports . Solely in the event any Purchaser makes a written request therefor after the Closing Date, together with each delivery of financial statements of Company and each other Note Party pursuant to (a), (i) a summary of the accounts receivable aging report of each Note Party as of the end of such period, and (ii) a summary of accounts payable aging report of each Note Party as of the end of such period 
 (q) Tax Information . Solely in the event any Purchaser makes a written request therefor after the Closing Date, as soon as practicable and in any event within fifteen (15) days following such request, copies of each federal income tax return filed by or on behalf of any Note Party and any other tax information of Company that is reasonably requested by any Purchaser 
 (r) KYC Documentation . 
 (i) As soon as practicable and in any event within ten (10) days following any Purchaser s written request therefor after the Closing Date, all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act 
 (ii) As soon as practicable and in any event within five (5) days following any Purchaser s written request therefor after the Closing Date in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or change in ownership of any Note Party, such Note Party shall deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Note Party 
 -49- 

(s) Other Information . (A) Promptly and in any event within ten (10) days of their becoming available, deliver copies to the Purchasers of (i) all financial statements, reports, notices and proxy statements sent or made available generally by Company to its Security holders acting in such capacity or by any Subsidiary of Company to its Security holders acting in such capacity, (ii) all regular, periodic and current reports and all registration statements and prospectuses, if any, filed by Company or any of its Subsidiaries with any securities exchange or with SEC or any Governmental Authority, (iii) all press releases and other statements made available generally by Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the public concerning material developments in the business of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (B) promptly after any written request, such other information and data with respect to Company or any of its Subsidiaries as from time to time may be reasonably requested by any Purchaser 
 (t) Weekly Cash Flow Forecasts . Company shall deliver to Collateral Agent the Purchasers a 13-week cash flow forecast of Company and its Subsidiaries on a weekly basis by the Saturday of each week, commencing on the week following the Closing Date and through the Notes Maturity Date, which 13-week cash flow forecasts shall be satisfactory to Collateral Agent the Requisite Purchasers . 
 To the extent practical, together with any delivery of financial information required under this Section 5.1, the Note Parties shall deliver to the Purchasers an Excel spreadsheet containing such financial information. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligation of Company and its Subsidiaries to deliver the Narrative Reports contained in paragraphs (b), and (c) and copies of items filed with the SEC pursuant to (s)(A)(ii) and (s)(A)(iii) above may be satisfied by furnishing to the Purchasers the Form 10-K, or 10-Q or 8-K (or the equivalent), as applicable, of Company (or a parent company thereof) filed with the SEC within the applicable time periods required by applicable law and regulations. 
 5.2 Existence . Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.9, each Note Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and all rights and franchises, licenses and permits material to its business provided , no Note Party (other than Company with respect to its existence) or any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any such existence, right or franchise, licenses and permits if such Person s Board of Directors shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such Person, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to such Person or to Purchasers. 
 5.3 Payment of Taxes and Claims . Each Note Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay all federal and state income and other material Taxes imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income, businesses or franchises before any penalty or fine accrues thereon, and all claims (including claims for labor, services, materials and supplies) for sums that have become due and payable and that by law have or may become a Lien upon any of its properties or assets, prior to the time when any penalty or fine shall be incurred with respect thereto provided , no such Tax or claim need be paid if it is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as (a) adequate reserve or other appropriate provision, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made therefor, and (b) in the case of a Tax or claim that has or may become a Lien against any of the Collateral, such contest proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale of any portion of the Collateral to satisfy such Tax or claim. No Note Party will, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, file or consent to the filing of any consolidated income tax return with any Person (other than Company or any of its Subsidiaries). 
 5.4 Maintenance of Properties . Each Note Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain or cause to be maintained in reasonably good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, all material properties used or useful in the business of Company and its Subsidiaries and from time to time will make or cause to be made all reasonably appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof. 
 5.5 Insurance . On the Initial Note Date, the Collateral Agent and the Purchaser shall have received a certificate from each applicable Note Party s insurance broker or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to this Section 5.5 is in full force and effect, together with endorsements naming Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, as additional insured and loss payee thereunder to the extent required under this Section 5.5. Company will maintain or cause to be maintained, with financially sound and reputable insurers, (i) business interruption insurance reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Purchasers, (ii) directors and officers liability insurance reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Purchasers and (iii) such casualty insurance, public liability insurance, third party property damage insurance with respect to liabilities, losses or damage in respect of the assets, properties and businesses of Company and its Subsidiaries as may customarily be carried or maintained under similar circumstances by Persons of established reputation engaged in similar businesses, in each case in such amounts (giving effect to self insurance), with such deductibles, covering such risks and otherwise on such terms and conditions as shall be customary for such Persons. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Company will maintain or cause to be maintained (a) flood insurance with respect to 
 -50- 

each Flood Hazard Property that is located in a community that participates in the National Flood Program, in each case in compliance with any applicable regulations of the Board of Governors, and (b) replacement value casualty insurance on the Collateral under such policies of insurance, with such insurance companies, in such amounts, with such deductibles, and covering such risks as are at all times carried or maintained under similar circumstances by Persons of established reputation engaged in similar businesses. On and after the thirtieth (30th) day after the Initial Note Date, each such policy of insurance shall (i) in the case of each liability insurance policy, name Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, as an additional insured thereunder as its interests may appear, (ii) in the case of each casualty insurance policy, contain a loss payable clause or endorsement, in form and substance satisfactory to Collateral Agent and the Purchaser , that names Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties as the loss payee thereunder, and (iii) in each case, provide for at least thirty days prior written notice to Collateral Agent of any modification or cancellation of such policy. The Collateral Agent acknowledges that the insurance policies maintained by Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date are satisfactory to Collateral Agent. 
 5.6 Books and Records Inspections . Each Note Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and accounts in which full, true, and correct entries in conformity in all material respects with GAAP shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. Each Note Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any authorized representatives designated by Collateral Agent or any Purchaser to visit and inspect any of the properties of any Note Party and any of its respective Subsidiaries, to inspect, copy and take extracts from its and their financial and accounting records, and to discuss its and their affairs, finances and accounts with its and their officers and independent public accountants, all upon reasonable notice and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may reasonably be requested provided that (i) prior to the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, such inspections shall not occur more frequently than once (1) per calendar year and (ii) nothing in this Section 5.6 shall require a Note Party to provide information (a) in respect of which disclosure is prohibited by applicable laws or (b) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
 5.7 Meetings . Company will, upon the request of the Requisite Purchasers, participate in a meeting of the Purchasers once during each Fiscal Year to be held at Company s corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by Company and the Requisite Purchasers or, if agreed to by the Requisite Purchasers in their reasonable discretion, via a conference call or other teleconference) at such time as may be agreed to by Company and the Requisite Purchasers. 
 5.8 Compliance with Laws . Each Note Party will comply, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and all other Persons, if any, on or occupying any Facilities to comply, with (i) the requirements of all applicable laws, rules, regulations and Orders of any Governmental Authority (including all Environmental Laws and Healthcare Laws) in all material respects (it being understood, in the case of any laws, rules, regulations, and orders specifically referred to any other provision of this Agreement, the Note Parties shall also be required to represent and or comply with, as applicable, the express terms of such provision) and (ii) all Sanctions, Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws, and Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Laws in accordance with Section 4.27(a). Each Note Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain the policies and procedures described in Section 4.27(b). 
 5.9 Environmental. 
 (a) Environmental Disclosure . Company will deliver to the Purchasers 
 (i) as soon as practicable following receipt thereof, copies of all environmental audits, investigations, analyses and reports of any kind or character, whether prepared by personnel of Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by independent consultants, Governmental Authorities or any other Persons, with respect to significant environmental matters at any Facility or with respect to any Environmental Claims 
 (ii) promptly upon the occurrence thereof, written notice describing in reasonable detail (1) any Release required to be reported to any Governmental Authority under any applicable Environmental Laws, (2) any remedial action taken by Company or any other Person in response to (A) any Hazardous Materials Activities the existence of which has a reasonable possibility of resulting in one or more Environmental Claims having, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or resulting in liabilities that exceed 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such liabilities, or (B) any Environmental Claims that, individually or in the aggregate, have a reasonable possibility of resulting in a Material Adverse Effect or in liabilities that exceed 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such liabilities, and (3) Company s discovery of any occurrence or condition on any real property adjoining or in the vicinity of any Facility that could cause such Facility or any part thereof to be subject to any material restrictions on the ownership, occupancy, transferability or use thereof under any Environmental Laws 
 -51- 

(iii) as soon as practicable following the sending or receipt thereof by Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a copy of any and all written communications with respect to (1) any Environmental Claims that, individually or in the aggregate, have a reasonable possibility of giving rise to a Material Adverse Effect or to liabilities that exceed 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such liabilities, (2) any Release required to be reported to any Governmental Authority, and (3) any request for information from any Governmental Authority that suggests such Governmental Authority is investigating whether Company or any of its Subsidiaries may be potentially responsible for any Hazardous Materials Activity 
 (iv) prompt written notice describing in reasonable detail (1) any proposed acquisition of stock, assets, or property by Company or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to (A) expose Company or any of its Subsidiaries to, or result in, Environmental Claims that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or result in liabilities that exceed 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such liabilities or (B) adversely affect the ability of Company or any of its Subsidiaries to maintain in full force and effect all material Governmental Authorizations required under any Environmental Laws for their respective operations and (2) any proposed action to be taken by Company or any of its Subsidiaries to modify current operations in a manner that could reasonably be expected to subject Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any additional material obligations or requirements under any Environmental Laws and 
 (v) with reasonable promptness, such other documents and information as from time to time may be reasonably requested by any Purchaser in relation to any matters disclosed pursuant to this Section 5.9(a). 
 (b) Hazardous Materials Activities, Etc . Each Note Party shall promptly take, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries promptly to take, any and all actions necessary to (i) cure any violation of applicable Environmental Laws by such Note Party or its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or result in liabilities that exceed 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such liabilities, and (ii) make an appropriate response to any Environmental Claim against such Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries and discharge any obligations it may have to any Person thereunder where failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or result in liabilities that exceed 250,000, individually, or 500,000, in the aggregate for all such liabilities. 
 5.10 Additional Guarantors. 
 (a) In the event that any Person (other than a Managed Company) becomes a Subsidiary of any Note Party, such Note Party shall, within thirty (30) days after the Initial Note Date or, if after such thirtieth (30 th day after the Initial Note Date, concurrently with such Person becoming a Subsidiary, (a) cause such Subsidiary to become a Guarantor hereunder and a Grantor under the Pledge and Security Agreement by executing and delivering to the Purchasers and Collateral Agent a Counterpart Agreement, and (b) take all such actions and execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, all such documents, instruments, agreements, and certificates as are reasonably requested by Collateral Agent , acting at the direction of the Requisite Purchasers, in connection therewith, including such documents, instruments, agreements, and certificates as are similar to those described in 3.1(b), 5.11, 5.14(b) and 5.15. In addition, such Note Party shall deliver, or cause such Subsidiary (other than a Managed Company) to deliver, as applicable, all such documents, instruments, agreements, and certificates as are advisable or are reasonably requested by Collateral Agent in order to grant and to perfect a First Priority Lien in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, in 100 of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary under the Pledge and Security Agreement (including, as applicable, original certificates evidencing such Capital Stock and related powers or instruments of transfer executed in blank, as applicable). With respect to each such Subsidiary, Company shall send to Collateral Agent prior written notice setting forth with respect to such Person (i) the date on which such Person is intended to become a Subsidiary of Company, and (ii) all of the data required to be set forth in Schedules 4.1 and 4.2 with respect to all Subsidiaries of Company provided , such written notice shall be deemed to supplement Schedule 4.1 and 4.2 for all purposes hereof automatically upon such Person becoming a Subsidiary. 
 (b) To the extent that a Note Party agrees to manage a Managed Company, it shall cause (x) such Managed Company to enter into a Management Services Agreement in a form substantially similar to the Management Services Agreements in effect on the Closing Date (with such changes as are necessary to reflect any differences in the practice of such entity, such changes as are required by requirements of Healthcare Laws and such other changes as are approved by the Requisite Purchasers in their reasonable discretion), and (y) the Person that owns the Capital Stock of such Managed Company to enter into an Equity Transfer Restriction Agreement, in each case in a form substantially similar to the Equity Transfer Restriction Agreements in effect on the Closing Date with such changes as are necessary to reflect any differences in the medical practices of such entity, such changes as are required by requirements of Healthcare Laws and such other changes as are approved by Requisite Purchasers in 
 -52- 

their reasonable discretion. On and after the Initial Note Date, all UCC financing statements and other filings filed against any Managed Company by any Note Party may be assigned of record to the Collateral Agent, and all pledged certificates, related instruments of transfer and other tangible collateral pledged by any Managed Company (including each proxy or similar document designating a successor owner of the Capital Stock of each Managed Company) delivered to a Note Party in connection with the Managed Company Documents shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent, except, in each case, as is not permitted under any requirements of Healthcare Laws. 
 5.11 Additional Locations and Material Real Estate Assets. 
 (a) Fee-Owned Real Estate Assets . In the event that any Note Party acquires a fee-owned Material Real Estate Asset on or after the Initial Note Date or a fee-owned Real Estate Asset owned as of or after the Initial Note Date is or becomes a fee-owned Material Real Estate Asset and such interest has not otherwise been made subject to the Lien of the Collateral Documents in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, then, on and after the thirtieth (30 th day after the Initial Note Date, such Note Party shall promptly notify Collateral Agent thereof, and (i) on the same date as acquiring such fee-owned Material Real Estate Asset or within thirty (30) days after such Real Estate Asset becoming a Material Real Estate Asset (if acquired or becoming a Material Real Estate Asset after the thirtieth (30 th day after the Initial Note Date), or (ii) within thirty (30) days after the Initial Note Date with respect to fee-owned Material Real Estate Assets owned on or prior to the thirtieth (30 th day after the Initial Note Date (or, in the case of clause (i) or (ii), at such later time as is approved by Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion), shall take all such actions and execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, all such Mortgaged Real Estate Documents with respect to each such fee-owned Material Real Estate Asset that are advisable or as Collateral Agent shall reasonably request to create in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, a valid and, subject to any filing and or recording referred to herein, perfected First Priority security interest in such fee-owned Material Real Estate Asset. 
 (b) Reserved 
 (c) Appraisals . In addition to the foregoing, Company shall, at the request of Collateral Agent, acting at the direction of the Requisite Purchasers, deliver to Collateral Agent, not more than once every two (2) years (or more frequently if required by applicable law or regulation) such appraisals as are required by law or regulation of Real Estate Assets with respect to which Collateral Agent has been granted a Mortgage. 
 (d) Other New Locations . In the event that any Note Party desires, to lease a new location or enter into an arrangement with a third party for physical or electronic storage of any material books and records or other information related to its business or operations, such Note Party shall (i) give Collateral Agent 10 Business Days prior notice of such proposed lease or arrangement and (ii) together with such notice, deliver to Collateral Agent a draft of such proposed lease or arrangement and a description of the intended use of the premises and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a Landlord Collateral Access Agreement or a similar instrument executed by the relevant lessor or other counterparty in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties with respect to such location simultaneously with entering into such lease or other arrangement, unless Collateral Agent, in its sole discretion, waive such requirement. 
 5.12 Compliance with Reporting Requirements . Company shall comply with the Securities Act, Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and each other law, rule and regulation applicable to Company due to its status as publicly traded company. Company shall at all times maintain systems of internal controls and corporate governance standards consistent with the best practices for a publicly traded company of its size. Without limiting the foregoing, Company shall ensure that all filings with the SEC required under the Securities Act, Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder are made on or prior to the date required thereunder without giving effect to any extension or possible extension of such dates permitted thereunder. 
 5.13 Further Assurances . At any time or from time to time upon the request of Purchaser, each Note Party will, at its expense, promptly execute, acknowledge and deliver such further documents and do such other acts and things as Purchasers or Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to effect fully the purposes of the Note Documents or, on and after the Initial Note Date, to perfect, achieve better perfection of, or renew the rights of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral (or with respect to any additions thereto or replacements or proceeds thereof or with respect to any other property or assets hereafter acquired by Company or any Subsidiary that may be deemed to be part of the Collateral). In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, on and after the Initial Note Date, each Note Party shall take such actions as Purchaser or Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time to ensure that the Obligations are guaranteed by the Guarantors and are secured by a First Priority Lien on substantially all of the assets of Company, and its Subsidiaries and all of the outstanding Capital Stock of Company and each of its Subsidiaries (subject to limitations contained in the Note Documents with respect to Foreign Subsidiaries). 
 -53- 

5.14 Miscellaneous Covenants . Unless otherwise consented to by Requisite Purchasers 
 (a) Reserved . 
 (b) Cash Management Systems . 
 (i) Company and its Subsidiaries shall establish and maintain cash management systems reasonably acceptable to Collateral Agent the Requisite Purchasers , including, within ten (10) days after the Initial Note Date, Controlled Accounts, including if requested by Collateral Agent after the occurrence of an Event of Default on or after the Initial Note Date, blocked account and sweep arrangements. 
 (ii) On and after the thirtieth (30 th day after the Initial Note Date, Company shall require in all Management Services Agreements that the Managed Companies party to such Management Services Agreements to cause all cash, checks, drafts or other similar items of payment relating to or constituting collections of any and all accounts receivable of the Managed Companies to be paid and delivered directly from the account debtors to either (x) Controlled Accounts or (y) to Lockbox Accounts. On and after the thirtieth (30 th day after the Initial Note Date, the Managed Companies shall have a standing instruction to the applicable depository institutions over all Lockbox Accounts to sweep the funds therein on a daily Business Day basis to a Controlled Account. It shall be an immediate Event of Default if, on or after the thirtieth (30 th day after the Initial Note Date, any Managed Company shall change or otherwise issue any instruction over such Lockbox Account other than to sweep the funds in such account on at least a daily Business Day basis to a Controlled Account. 
 (c) Communication with Accountants . Each Note Party executing this Agreement authorizes the Purchasers to communicate directly with such Note Party s independent certified public accountants and authorizes and shall instruct those accountants to communicate (including the delivery of audit drafts and letters to management) with the Purchasers information relating to any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the business, results of operations and financial condition of any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries provided however, that the Purchasers, shall provide Company with notice at least three (3) Business Days prior to first initiating any such communication. 
 (d) Activities of Management . Each member of the senior management team of each Note Party (which under no circumstances will be deemed to include Terren S. Peizer for purposes of this Section 5.14(d)) shall devote all or substantially all of his or her professional working time, attention, and energies to the management of the businesses of the Note Parties. 
 (e) Maintenance of Agent for Service of Process . Each Note Party shall maintain an agent in New York City for the purpose of service of process in New York City at all times. 
 5.15 Personal Property Collateral (a) . In order to create in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, a valid, perfected First Priority security interest in the personal property Collateral, each Note Party shall have delivered to Collateral Agent on and the Purchaser promptly after the Initial Note Date 
 (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent and the Purchaser of the compliance by each Note Party of their obligations under the Pledge and Security Agreement and the other Collateral Documents (including their obligations to authorize or execute, as the case may be, and deliver UCC financing statements, originals of securities, instruments and chattel paper and any agreements governing deposit and or securities accounts as provided therein). All UCC financing statements and other filings filed against any Managed Company in favor of a Note Party shall be assigned of record to the Collateral Agent, and all pledged certificates, related instruments of transfer and other tangible collateral of the Managed Companies (including each proxy or similar document designating a successor owner of the Capital Stock of each Managed Company) delivered to a Note Party in connection with the Managed Company Documents shall have been delivered to the Collateral Agent 
 (ii) a completed Collateral Questionnaire dated the Initial Note Date, together with all attachments contemplated thereby 
 (iii) fully executed and, as appropriate, notarized Intellectual Property Security Agreements, in proper form for filing or recording in all appropriate places in all applicable jurisdictions and 
 (iv) evidence that each Note Party shall have taken or caused to be taken any other action, executed and delivered or caused to be executed and delivered any other agreement, document and instrument (including (i) a Landlord Collateral Access Agreement executed by the landlord of any Leasehold 
 -54- 

Property and by the applicable Note Party, and (ii) an Intercompany Note and Subordination) and made or caused to be made any other filing and recording (other than as set forth herein) as is advisable or as reasonably required by Collateral Agent or the Purchaser . 
 5.16 Post Closing Matters . Each Note Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, as applicable, satisfy the requirements set forth on Schedule 5.16 on or before the respective date specified for each such requirement or such later date as is agreed to by Collateral Agent in its sole discretion. 
 5.17 Reserved . 
 Section 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Each Note Party covenants and agrees that until Payment in Full of all Obligations, such Note Party shall perform, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to perform, all covenants in this Section 6. 
 6.1 Indebtedness . No Note Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or guaranty, or otherwise become or remain directly or indirectly liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except 
 (a) the Obligations 
 (b) Indebtedness of any Guarantor Subsidiary to Company or to any other Guarantor Subsidiary, or of Company to any Guarantor Subsidiary provided, (i) all such Indebtedness shall be evidenced by the Intercompany Note and Subordination, and shall be subject to a First Priority Lien pursuant to the Pledge and Security Agreement, and (ii) all such Indebtedness shall be unsecured and subordinated in right of payment to the Payment in Full of all Obligations pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Note and Subordination 
 (c) Indebtedness for (i) deferred salaried compensation to a Note Party s employees, not to exceed 250,000 in the aggregate, and (ii) liabilities of Note Parties associated with accrued but unused vacation time of employees of the Note Parties incurred in the ordinary course of business and pursuant to applicable laws governing the Note Parties businesses 
 (d) Indebtedness incurred by Company or any of its Subsidiaries arising from agreements providing for customary indemnification or from customary guaranties or letters of credit, surety bonds or performance bonds securing the performance of Company or any such Subsidiary pursuant to such agreements in connection with Permitted Acquisitions, permitted dispositions of any business, assets or Subsidiary of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or constituting reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit issued in the ordinary course of business in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other indebtedness with respect to such similar reimbursement-type obligations 
 (e) Indebtedness that may be deemed to exist pursuant to any performance, surety, appeal or similar bonds or statutory obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, and guarantee obligations in respect of any such Indebtedness 
 (f) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and other services provided in connection with deposit accounts in the ordinary course of business 
 (g) guaranties in the ordinary course of business of the obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of Company and its Subsidiaries 
 (h) guaranties by Company of Indebtedness of a Guarantor Subsidiary or guaranties by a Subsidiary of Company of Indebtedness of Company or a Guarantor Subsidiary with respect, in each case, to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.1 provided, that if the Indebtedness that is being guaranteed is unsecured and or subordinate to the Obligations (in payment or Lien priority), then such guaranties shall also be unsecured and or subordinated to the Obligations to the same extent as such guaranteed Indebtedness 
 (i) Indebtedness described in Schedule 6.1, but not any extensions, renewals or replacements of such Indebtedness except (i) renewals and extensions expressly provided for in the agreements evidencing any such Indebtedness as the same are in effect on the date of this Agreement, and (ii) refinancings and extensions of any such Indebtedness if the terms and conditions thereof are not less favorable to the obligor thereon or to the 
 -55- 

Purchasers than the Indebtedness being refinanced or extended, and the average life to maturity thereof is greater than or equal to that of the Indebtedness being refinanced or extended provided, such Indebtedness permitted under the immediately preceding clause (i) or (ii) above shall not (A) include Indebtedness of an obligor that was not an obligor with respect to the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced, (B) exceed in a principal amount the Indebtedness being renewed, extended or refinanced, or (C) be incurred, created or assumed if any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom 
 (j) Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time 3,000,000 consisting of (x) Capital Lease Obligations and (y) other purchase money Indebtedness provided, in the case of clause (x), that any such Indebtedness shall be secured only by the asset subject to such Capital Lease, and, in the case of clause (y), that any such Indebtedness shall (i) be secured only by the asset acquired in connection with the incurrence of such Indebtedness and (ii) constitute 100 of the aggregate consideration paid with respect to such asset 
 (k) Indebtedness owed to any entity financing insurance premiums or providing property, casualty or liability insurance to Company or any Subsidiary, so long as such indebtedness shall not be in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the year in which such indebtedness is incurred and such indebtedness shall be outstanding only during such year 
 (l) Indebtedness owed by a Managed Company to a Note Party incurred after the Closing Date in an amount not to exceed 1,000,000 
 (m) obligations under Hedge Agreements which are not for speculative purposes 
 (n) other Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness of the types listed in Section 6.1(a) 6.1(m) and 6.1(p) and 6.1(q) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding 
 (o) the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock in an aggregate amount not to exceed 125,000,000, of which up to 25,000,000, if not issued in an at the market or underwritten offering, may be used by Company as consideration for a Permitted Acquisition or otherwise with the Purchaser s prior written consent 
 (p) on and prior to the Initial Note Date, Indebtedness under the Goldman NPA and 
 (q) Indebtedness obtained for capital-raising purposes that (1) is contractually subordinate to the Obligations and subject to an applicable contractual intercreditor agreement on such terms as the Purchasers and the Collateral Agent agree in their sole discretion and (2) is subject to terms, conditions, prepayments, maturity, security and guarantee limitations as the Purchases Purchasers and the Collateral Agent agree in their sole discretion. 
 6.2 Liens . No Note Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on or with respect to any property or asset of any kind (including any document or instrument in respect of goods or accounts receivable) of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, leased (as lessee), or licensed (as licensee), or any income, profits, or royalties therefrom, or file or permit the filing of, or permit to remain in effect, any financing statement or other similar notice of any Lien with respect to any such property, asset, income, profits, or royalties under the UCC of any State or under any similar recording or notice statute or under any applicable intellectual property laws, rules or procedures, except 
 (a) Liens in favor of Collateral Agent for the benefit of Secured Parties pursuant to any Note Document 
 (b) Liens for Taxes if obligations with respect to such Taxes are not yet due or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted and adequate reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP so long as the aggregate amount of such Taxes does not exceed 250,000 at any time outstanding 
 (c) statutory Liens of landlords, banks (and rights of set-off), of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens imposed by law (other than any such Lien imposed pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA or a violation of Section 436 of the Internal Revenue Code), in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business (i) for amounts not yet overdue, or (ii) for amounts that are overdue and that (in the case of any such amounts overdue for a period in excess of thirty (30) days) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as such reserves or other appropriate provisions, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made for any such contested amounts 
 -56- 

(d) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security, or to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money or other Indebtedness), so long as no foreclosure, sale or similar proceedings have been commenced with respect to any portion of the Collateral on account thereof 
 (e) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, and other minor defects or irregularities in title, in each case that do not and will not interfere in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the business of Company or any of its Subsidiaries and that, in the aggregate for any parcel of real property subject thereto, do not materially detract from the value of such parcel 
 (f) any interest or title of a lessor or sublessor under any lease of real estate permitted hereunder 
 (g) Liens solely on any customary cash earnest money deposits made by Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder 
 (h) with respect to Controlled Accounts, Liens (i) of a collecting bank arising under Section 4-208 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection, (ii) attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, (iii) in favor of a banking institution arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits (including the right of set-off) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry, (iv) in favor of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock solely to the extent of Company s undertaking that amounts on deposit in the Initial Dividends Account may be used solely for the payment of the first eight (8) dividends with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock following its issuance 
 (i) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary UCC financing statements relating solely to operating leases of personal property entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (j) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods 
 (k) any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any governmental office or agency to control or regulate the use of any real property 
 (l) non-exclusive outbound licenses of patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights granted by Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any respect with the ordinary conduct of or materially detracting from the value of the business of Company or such Subsidiary (including, subject to the Requisite Purchasers approval in their sole discretion, any exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property granted under a Management Services Agreement, provided that such licenses could not result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed Intellectual Property) 
 (m) Liens described in Schedule 6.2 
 (n) Liens consisting of judgment or judicial attachment liens (other than for payment of Taxes) not giving rise to an Event of Default under Section 8.1 that (i) are being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP shall have been established on its books to the extent that such Liens are being diligently protested by appropriate means, or (ii) have not been discharged within thirty (30) days after the filing thereof 
 (o) Liens securing purchase money Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.1(j) provided, any such Lien shall encumber only the asset acquired with the proceeds of such Indebtedness. 
 (p) other Liens on assets other than the Collateral (other than Liens of the types listed in Section (a) (o) and (r) and (s) of this Section 6.2) that secure obligations not to exceed 250,000 at any one time outstanding 
 (q) the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clauses (a) through (p) above upon or in the same property theretofore subject thereto or the replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount or change in any direct or contingent obligor) of the obligations secured thereby 
 -57- 

(r) on and prior to the Initial Note Date, Liens securing the Goldman NPA Obligations and 
 (s) Liens securing any Indebtedness permitted under 6.1(p). 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 6.2 to the contrary, in no event shall any obligations of any Note Party under any Hedge Agreement be secured by any Lien. 
 6.3 Equitable Lien . If any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries shall create or assume any Lien upon any of its properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than Permitted Liens, it shall make or cause to be made effective provisions whereby the Obligations will be secured by such Lien equally and ratably with any and all other Indebtedness secured thereby as long as any such Indebtedness shall be so secured provided, notwithstanding the foregoing, this covenant shall not be construed as a consent by the Requisite Purchasers to the creation or assumption of any such Lien not otherwise permitted hereby. 
 6.4 No Further Negative Pledges . Except with respect to (a) specific property encumbered to secure payment of particular Indebtedness or to be sold pursuant to an executed agreement with respect to a permitted Asset Sale, (b) restrictions by reason of customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers contained in leases, licenses and similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business (provided that such restrictions are limited to the property or assets secured by such Liens or the property or assets subject to such leases, licenses or similar agreements, as the case may be), (c) agreements with respect to Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.2(m) (provided that such restrictions are limited to the property or assets secured by such Liens) and (d) on or prior to the Initial Note Date, the Goldman NPA and the documents related thereto, no Note Party shall enter into or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into any agreement prohibiting, or triggering any requirement for equitable and ratable sharing of Liens or any similar obligations upon, the creation or assumption of any Lien upon any Note Party s properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure the Obligations. 
 6.5 Restricted Junior Payments . No Note Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries through any manner or means or through any other Person to, directly or indirectly, declare, order, pay, make or set apart, or agree to declare, order, pay, make or set apart, any sum for any Restricted Junior Payment except that (a) any Subsidiary of Company may declare and pay dividends or make other distributions to Company or any Note Party that is a Wholly-Owned Guarantor Subsidiary, (b) Company and any Subsidiary of Company may make dividends or bonus payments to employees and directors payable solely in shares of Capital Stock, (c) Company may declare and pay dividends so long as (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) Company has delivered evidence, reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent, showing compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.8 after giving effect to each such dividend payment. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 6.5 to the contrary, no amount shall be permitted to be distributed by any Note Party to pay, or otherwise in connection with, any Tax resulting from the cancellation or discharge of Indebtedness. 
 6.6 Restrictions on Subsidiary Distributions . Except as provided herein and, prior to the Initial Note Date, except as provided in the Goldman NPA prior to the repayment in full thereof, no Note Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of any Subsidiary of Company to (a) pay dividends or make any other distributions on any of such Subsidiary s Capital Stock owned by Company or any other Subsidiary of Company, (b) repay or prepay any Indebtedness owed by such Subsidiary to Company or any other Subsidiary of Company, (c) make loans or advances to Company or any other Subsidiary of Company, or (d) transfer any of its property or assets to Company or any other Subsidiary of Company, in each case, other than restrictions (i) in agreements evidencing any purchase money Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.1(j) that impose restrictions on the property so acquired, (ii) by reason of customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers contained in leases, licenses, joint venture agreements and similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, (iii) that are or were created by virtue of any transfer of, agreement to transfer or option or right with respect to any property, assets or Capital Stock not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement (iv) on the transfer of Capital Stock of Managed Companies in the Organizational Documents of such Managed Companies or pursuant to applicable law, in each case, that restrict transfer of the Capital Stock of such Managed Companies to any person other than a licensed physician, and (v) set forth in the Managed Company Documents so long as such restrictions permit (A) the repayment of all Obligations and refinancings thereof and (B) loans or advances to any Note Party. 
 6.7 Investments . No Note Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make or own any Investment (including if made as an Acquisition) in any Person, including any Joint Venture, except 
 -58- 

(a) Investments in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (b) (i) Investments owned as of the Closing Date in any Subsidiary and (ii) and Investments made after the Closing Date in any Wholly-Owned Guarantor Subsidiaries of Company 
 (c) Investments (i) in any Securities voluntarily accepted in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors, and (ii) deposits, prepayments and other credits to suppliers made in the ordinary course of business consistent with the past practices of Company and its Subsidiaries 
 (d) intercompany loans to the extent permitted under Section 6.1(b) 
 (e) Investments in Company or any of its Guarantor Subsidiaries for purposes of making Consolidated Capital Expenditures permitted by this Agreement in respect of fixed assets directly owned by Company or any of its Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 (f) loans and advances to employees of Company and its Subsidiaries (i) made in the ordinary course of business and described on Schedule 6.7, and (ii) any refinancings of such loans after the Closing Date in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding 
 (g) Subject to the Requisite Purchasers approval in their sole discretion, Permitted Acquisitions, provided such approval shall only be required in the event Consolidated Liquidity would be less than 45,000,000, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Permitted Acquisition 
 (h) To the extent constituting Investments, guarantees permitted by Section 6.1 
 (i) Subject to the Requisite Purchasers approval in their sole discretion, Investments or other participations in joint ventures or strategic alliances in the ordinary course of each Note Party s business consisting of the licensing of technology, intellectual property and or product, the development of such technology, intellectual property and or product or the providing of technical support, provided that (i) any cash Investments by Note Parties do not exceed 500,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing or would result therefrom 
 (j) Investments made after the Closing Date in the form of first priority senior secured loans to any Person that is a Managed Company provided, that (x) such loans are evidenced by a promissory note which is pledged and collaterally assigned to Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Assignment of Managed Company Documents, (y) the Managed Company Documents and Organizational Documents of such Managed Company, as applicable, are in form and substance acceptable to the Requisite Purchasers, and (z) such amounts in aggregate do not exceed 500,000 in any Fiscal Year 
 (k) Investments described in Schedule 6.7 and 
 (l) So long as no Default or Event of Default would immediately result therefrom, other Investments in an aggregate amount outstanding not to exceed 250,000. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 6.7 to the contrary, (A) in no event shall any Note Party or Managed Company make any Investment that results in or facilitates in any manner any Restricted Junior Payment not otherwise permitted under the terms of Section 6.5, (B) in no event shall any Note Party or Managed Company make Investments in any Joint Venture or any Person that is not a Note Party (including any such Investments consisting of intercompany loans or Permitted Acquisitions) except pursuant to clause (d), (j) or (l) above and (C) in no event shall any Investment made by a Note Party in any Joint Venture, any Managed Company or other Person that is not a Note Party be made in any form other than Cash. 
 6.8 Financial Covenants. 
 (a) For the twelve calendar months immediately preceding each delivery of monthly financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a), Consolidated Recurring Revenue shall be greater than 15,000,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of calculating the, Consolidated Recurring Revenue for the preceding twelve months at any time during calendar year 2022, such Consolidated Recurring Revenue shall be equal to the product of (i) (y) the Consolidated Recurring Revenue for the period beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on the end of the calendar month immediately prior to the date of determination divided by (z) the full number of calendar months completed in 2022 immediately prior to the date of determination, and (ii) twelve. 
 -59- 

(b) At all times, Consolidated Liquidity shall be greater than 5,000,000. 
 6.9 Fundamental Changes Disposition of Assets Acquisitions . No Note Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation (including through a Division Series Transaction or a plan of division), or liquidate, wind-up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or Dispose of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or any part of its business, assets or property of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, leased (as lessee), or licensed (as licensee), or make any Acquisition, except 
 (a) any Subsidiary of Company may be merged with or into Company or any Guarantor Subsidiary, or be liquidated, wound up or dissolved, or all or any part of its business, property or assets may be conveyed, sold, leased, transferred or otherwise disposed of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, to Company or any Guarantor Subsidiary provided, in the case of such a merger involving Company, Company shall be the continuing or surviving Person, and in the case of any other such merger, a Wholly-Owned Guarantor Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving Person 
 (b) sales or other dispositions of assets that do not constitute Asset Sales 
 (c) Asset Sales, the proceeds of which (i) are less than 500,000 with respect to any single Asset Sale or series of related Asset Sales, and (ii) when aggregated with the proceeds of all other Asset Sales made within the trailing twelve month period, are less than 1,000,000 provided (1) the proceeds received for such assets shall be in an amount at least equal to the fair market value thereof (determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of Company), (2) no less than 100 thereof shall consist of Cash paid upon the closing of each applicable Asset Sale, and (3) the Net Asset Sale Proceeds thereof shall be applied as required by Section 2.13(a) 
 (d) disposals of obsolete or worn out property 
 (e) Acquisitions consisting of Investments made in accordance with Section 6.7 
 (f) the execution and delivery of a Management Services Agreement with a Managed Company so long as (i) such Management Services Agreement is in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Purchasers, and all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated, in all material respects, in accordance with all Healthcare Laws (ii) such Managed Company operates in the continental United States of America (iii) immediately prior to, and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom (iv) Company shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.8 on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the execution of such Managed Company Documents, measured as of the last day of the Fiscal Quarter most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered or are required to have been delivered under Section 5.1(b) (v) (A) Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers, at least five Business Days (or such shorter period consented to by the Requisite Purchasers) prior to the execution of such Managed Company Documents, a Compliance Certificate evidencing compliance with Section 6.8 as required under clause (iii) above, together with all relevant financial information with respect to such acquired assets, including, without limitation, the aggregate consideration for such acquisition and any other information required to demonstrate compliance with Section 6.8, and (B) the Note Parties shall have completed background checks with respect to all licensed personnel employed by, or owning Capital Stock in the applicable Managed Company party to the Managed Company Documents and the results of such background checks are such that, if the results were public information, they could not reasonably be expected to have an adverse reputational, regulatory, compliance, or legal impact on any member of Company or its Subsidiaries, any investor in the Note Parties, any Purchaser or Collateral Agent and (vi) the Managed Company party to such Managed Company Documents shall be in the same business in which Company is engaged as of the Closing Date, and (vii) if such Managed Company Documents are executed on or after the Initial Note Date, contemporaneously with the execution of such Managed Company Documents, the requirements of Section 5.10 have been satisfied. In no event shall any Note Party transfer, assign, sell or otherwise dispose of their rights under any Managed Company Documents or Material Customer Contracts except, in each case, for Liens securing the Obligations or, on or prior to the Initial Note Date, the obligations under the Goldman NPA and documents executed pursuant thereto 
 (g) for transactions approved by a majority of the Independent Directors (as such term is defined in the Stockholders Agreement) then serving on Company s board of directors. 
 6.10 Disposal of Subsidiary Interests . Except for any sale of all of its interests in the Capital Stock of any of its Subsidiaries in compliance with the provisions of Section 6.9 and, on or prior to the Initial Note Date, except for the Permitted Liens securing the obligations under the Goldman NPA and the documents related thereto, no Note Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (a) directly or indirectly sell, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber or dispose of any Capital Stock of any of its Subsidiaries, except to qualify Directors if required 
 -60- 

by applicable law or (b) permit any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly to sell, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber or dispose of any Capital Stock of any of its Subsidiaries, except to another Note Party (subject to the restrictions on such disposition otherwise imposed hereunder), or to qualify Directors if required by applicable law. 
 6.11 Sales and Lease-Backs . No Note Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, become or remain liable as lessee or as a guarantor or other surety with respect to any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, that such Note Party (a) has sold or transferred or is to sell or to transfer to any other Person (other than Company or any of its Subsidiaries), or (b) intends to use for substantially the same purpose as any other property that has been or is to be sold or transferred by such Note Party to any Person (other than Company or any of its Subsidiaries) in connection with such lease. 
 6.12 Reserved . 
 6.13 Conduct of Business Foreign Subsidiaries . From and after the Closing Date, no Note Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than (A) the businesses engaged in by such Note Party on the Closing Date, and (B) such other lines of business as may be consented to by the Requisite Purchasers. No Note Party shall, nor shall any Note Party permit any of its Subsidiaries to, form, create, incorporate, or acquire any Foreign Subsidiary. 
 6.14 Fiscal Year Accounting Policies . No Note Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to change its Fiscal Year-end from December 31 or make any change in its accounting policies that is not required under GAAP. 
 6.15 Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts . On and after the Initial Note Date, no Note Party will establish or maintain a Deposit Account or a Securities Account that is not a Controlled Account, deposit proceeds in a Deposit Account that is not a Controlled Account or deposit, acquire, or otherwise carry any security entitlement or commodity contract in a Securities Account that is not a Controlled Account provided, that, the foregoing shall not apply to Excluded Accounts and provided further the Note Parties shall be permitted to establish and maintain a segregated account (the Initial Dividends Account so long as (i) the Initial Dividends Account becomes a Controlled Account and (ii) amounts on deposit in the Initial Dividends Account shall be used solely for payment of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock and not for other corporate purposes. 
 6.16 Amendments to Organizational Agreements and Material Contracts . No Note Party shall (a) amend or permit any amendments to any Note Party s or any of its Subsidiaries Organizational Documents or (b) amend, terminate, or waive or permit any amendment, termination, or waiver of any provision of, any Managed Company Document, any agreement related to Material Indebtedness or other Material Contract, if such amendment, termination, or waiver could reasonably be expected to be adverse to the Purchasers in any material respect, the Purchasers or the Note Parties and their Subsidiaries. 
 6.17 Prepayments of Certain Indebtedness . No Note Party shall, nor shall it permit any of its Affiliates to, directly or indirectly, purchase, redeem, defease or prepay any principal of, premium, if any, interest or other amount payable in respect of any Indebtedness of any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries prior to its scheduled maturity, other than (i) the Obligations, (ii) Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Lien if the asset securing such Indebtedness has been sold or otherwise disposed of in accordance with Section 6.9, (iii) the prepayment of Indebtedness owed by a Managed Company to any Note Party pursuant to the terms of the Managed Company Documents and (iv) on or prior to the Initial Note Date, the payment of the obligations under the Goldman NPA and the documents related thereto including the notes issued thereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be permitted until all the Obligations are Paid in Full in cash, provided that, the foregoing prohibition shall not prevent the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock from converting shares of Series A Preferred Stock into common stock of Company in accordance with the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 6.18 Use of Proceeds . No Note Party shall use the proceeds of any Notes except as set forth in Section 2.5. 
 6.19 Reserved . 
 6.20 Prohibition on Division Series Transactions . For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 6 or any other provision in this Agreement or any other Note Document, (a) Company shall not, nor shall Company permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into (or agree to enter into) any Division Series Transaction and (b) none of the provisions in this Section 6 nor any other provision in this 
 -61- 

Agreement nor any other Note Document, shall be deemed to permit any Division Series Transaction, in the case of each of preceding clauses (a) and or (b), without the prior written consent of the Purchasers. 
 Section 7. GUARANTY 
 7.1 Guaranty of the Obligations . Subject to the provisions of Section 7.2 and any limitations set forth in the definition of the term Guarantor, Guarantors jointly and severally hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guaranty to each Beneficiary the due and punctual Payment in Full of all Obligations when the same shall become due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise (including amounts that would become due but for the operation of the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 362(a)) (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations ). 
 7.2 Contribution by Guarantors . All Guarantors desire to allocate among themselves (collectively, the Contributing Guarantors ), in a fair and equitable manner, their obligations arising under this Guaranty. Accordingly, in the event any payment or distribution is made on any date by a Guarantor (a Funding Guarantor under this Guaranty such that its Aggregate Payments exceeds its Fair Share as of such date, such Funding Guarantor shall be entitled to a contribution from each of the other Contributing Guarantors in an amount sufficient to cause each Contributing Guarantor s Aggregate Payments to equal its Fair Share as of such date. Fair Share means, with respect to a Contributing Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the ratio of (i) the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to such Contributing Guarantor, to (ii) the aggregate of the Fair Share Contribution Amounts with respect to all Contributing Guarantors multiplied by, (b) the aggregate amount paid or distributed on or before such date by all Funding Guarantors under this Guaranty in respect of the obligations Guaranteed. Fair Share Contribution Amount means, with respect to a Contributing Guarantor as of any date of determination, the maximum aggregate amount of the obligations of such Contributing Guarantor under this Guaranty that would not render its obligations hereunder or thereunder subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any comparable applicable provisions of state law provided, solely for purposes of calculating the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to any Contributing Guarantor for purposes of this Section 7.2, any assets or liabilities of such Contributing Guarantor arising by virtue of any rights to subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification or any rights to or obligations of contribution hereunder shall not be considered as assets or liabilities of such Contributing Guarantor. Aggregate Payments means, with respect to a Contributing Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (1) the aggregate amount of all payments and distributions made on or before such date by such Contributing Guarantor in respect of this Guaranty (including in respect of this Section 7.2), minus (2) the aggregate amount of all payments received on or before such date by such Contributing Guarantor from the other Contributing Guarantors as contributions under this Section 7.2. The amounts payable as contributions hereunder shall be determined as of the date on which the related payment or distribution is made by the applicable Funding Guarantor. The allocation among Contributing Guarantors of their obligations as set forth in this Section 7.2 shall not be construed in any way to limit the liability of any Contributing Guarantor hereunder. Each Guarantor is a third party beneficiary to the contribution agreement set forth in this Section 7.2. 
 7.3 Payment by Guarantors . Subject to Section 7.2, Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree, in furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right that any Beneficiary may have at law or in equity against any Guarantor by virtue hereof, that upon the failure of Company to pay any of the Guaranteed Obligations when and as the same shall become due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise (including amounts that would become due but for the operation of the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 362(a)), Guarantors will upon demand pay, or cause to be paid, in Cash, to Beneficiaries, an amount equal to the sum of the unpaid principal amount of all Guaranteed Obligations then due as aforesaid, accrued and unpaid interest on such Guaranteed Obligations (including interest that, but for Company s becoming the subject of a case under the Bankruptcy Code, would have accrued on such Guaranteed Obligations, whether or not a claim is allowed against Company for such interest in the related bankruptcy case) and all other Guaranteed Obligations then owed to Beneficiaries as aforesaid. 
 7.4 Liability of Guarantors Absolute . Each Guarantor agrees that its obligations hereunder are irrevocable, absolute, independent and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance that constitutes a legal or equitable discharge of a guarantor or surety other than Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, each Guarantor agrees as follows 
 (a) this Guaranty is a guaranty of payment when due and not of collectability. This Guaranty is a primary obligation of each Guarantor and not merely a contract of surety 
 (b) Collateral Agent may enforce this Guaranty upon the occurrence of an Event of Default notwithstanding the existence of any dispute between Company and any Beneficiary with respect to the existence of such Event of Default 
 -62- 

(c) the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are independent of the obligations of Company and the obligations of any other guarantor (including any other Guarantor) of the obligations of Company, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against such Guarantor whether or not any action is brought against Company or any of such other guarantors and whether or not Company is joined in any such action or actions 
 (d) payment by any Guarantor of a portion, but not all, of the Guaranteed Obligations shall in no way limit, affect, modify or abridge any Guarantor s liability for any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations that has not been paid. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if any Beneficiary is awarded a judgment in any suit brought to enforce any Guarantor s covenant to pay a portion of the Guaranteed Obligations, such judgment shall not be deemed to release such Guarantor from its covenant to pay the portion of the Guaranteed Obligations that is not the subject of such suit, and such judgment shall not, except to the extent satisfied by such Guarantor, limit, affect, modify or abridge any other Guarantor s liability hereunder in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations 
 (e) any Beneficiary, upon such terms as it deems appropriate, without notice or demand and without affecting the validity or enforceability hereof or giving rise to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination of any Guarantor s liability hereunder, from time to time may (i) renew, extend, accelerate, increase the rate of interest on, or otherwise change the time, place, manner or terms of payment of the Guaranteed Obligations (ii) settle, compromise, release or discharge, or accept or refuse any offer of performance with respect to, or substitutions for, the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement relating thereto and or subordinate the payment of the same to the payment of any other obligations (iii) request and accept other guaranties of the Guaranteed Obligations and take and hold security for the payment hereof or the Guaranteed Obligations (iv) release, surrender, exchange, substitute, compromise, settle, rescind, waive, alter, subordinate or modify, with or without consideration, any security for payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, any other guaranties of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other obligation of any Person (including any other Guarantor) with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations (v) enforce and apply any security now or hereafter held by or for the benefit of such Beneficiary in respect hereof or the Guaranteed Obligations and direct the order or manner of sale thereof, or exercise any other right or remedy that such Beneficiary may have against any such security, in each case as such Beneficiary in its discretion may determine consistent herewith or any applicable security agreement, including foreclosure on any such security pursuant to one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, whether or not every aspect of any such sale is commercially reasonable, and even though such action operates to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Guarantor against any other Note Party or any security for the Guaranteed Obligations and (vi) exercise any other rights available to it under the Note Documents and 
 (f) this Guaranty and the obligations of Guarantors hereunder shall be valid and enforceable and shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment, discharge or termination for any reason (other than Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations), including the occurrence of any of the following, whether or not any Guarantor shall have had notice or knowledge of any of them (i) any failure or omission to assert or enforce or agreement or election not to assert or enforce, or the stay or enjoining, by order of court, by operation of law or otherwise, of the exercise or enforcement of, any claim or demand or any right, power or remedy (whether arising under the Note Documents, at law, in equity or otherwise) with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement relating thereto, or with respect to any other guaranty of or security for the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any consent to depart from, any of the terms or provisions (including provisions relating to events of default) hereof, any of the other Note Documents, or of any other guaranty or security for the Guaranteed Obligations, in each case whether or not in accordance with the terms hereof or such Note Document, or any agreement relating to such other guaranty or security (iii) the Guaranteed Obligations, or any agreement relating thereto, at any time being found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect (iv) the application of payments received from any source (other than payments received pursuant to the other Note Documents or from the proceeds of any security for the Guaranteed Obligations, except to the extent such security also serves as collateral for indebtedness other than the Guaranteed Obligations) to the payment of indebtedness other than the Guaranteed Obligations, even though any Beneficiary might have elected to apply such payment to any part or all of the Guaranteed Obligations (v) any Beneficiary s consent to the change, reorganization or termination of the corporate structure or existence of Company or any of its Subsidiaries and to any corresponding restructuring of the Guaranteed Obligations (vi) any failure to perfect or continue perfection of a security interest in any collateral that secures any of the Guaranteed Obligations (vii) any defenses, set-offs or counterclaims that Company may allege or assert against any Beneficiary in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, including failure of consideration, breach of warranty, payment, statute of frauds, statute of limitations, accord and satisfaction and usury and (viii) any other act or thing or omission, or delay to do any other act or thing, that may or could reasonably be expected to vary the risk of any Guarantor as an obligor in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations. 
 7.5 Waivers by Guarantors . Each Guarantor hereby waives, for the benefit of Beneficiaries (a) any right to require any Beneficiary, as a condition of payment or performance by such Guarantor, to (i) proceed against Company, any other guarantor (including any other Guarantor) of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other Person, 
 -63- 

(ii) proceed against or exhaust any security held from Company, any such other guarantor or any other Person, (iii) proceed against or have resort to any balance of any Deposit Account or credit on the books of any Beneficiary in favor of Company or any other Person, or (iv) pursue any other remedy in the power of any Beneficiary whatsoever (b) any defense arising by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority or any disability or other defense of Company or any other Guarantor including any defense based on or arising out of the lack of validity or the unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement or instrument relating thereto or by reason of the cessation of the liability of Company or any other Guarantor from any cause other than Payment in Full of all Obligations (c) any defense based upon any statute or rule of law that provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal (d) any defense based upon any Beneficiary s errors or omissions in the administration of the Guaranteed Obligations, except behavior that amounts to bad faith (e) (i) any principles or provisions of law, statutory or otherwise, that are or could reasonably be expected to be in conflict with the terms hereof and any legal or equitable discharge of such Guarantor s obligations hereunder, (ii) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Guarantor s liability hereunder or the enforcement hereof, (iii) any rights to set-offs, recoupments and counterclaims, and (iv) promptness, diligence and any requirement that any Beneficiary protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto (f) notices, demands, presentments, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and notices of any action or inaction, including acceptance hereof, notices of default hereunder, notices of any renewal, extension or modification of the Guaranteed Obligations or any agreement related thereto, notices of any extension of credit to Company and notices of any of the matters referred to in Section 7.4 and any right to consent to any thereof and (g) any defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by law that limit the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, or that may conflict with the terms hereof. 
 7.6 Guarantors Rights of Subrogation, Contribution, Etc. . Until the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been Paid in Full, each Guarantor hereby waives any claim, right or remedy, direct or indirect, that such Guarantor now has or may hereafter have against Company or any other Guarantor or any of its assets in connection with this Guaranty or the performance by such Guarantor of its obligations hereunder, in each case whether such claim, right or remedy arises in equity, under contract, by statute, under common law or otherwise and including (a) any right of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification that such Guarantor now has or may hereafter have against any other Note Party with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations, (b) any right to enforce, or to participate in, any claim, right or remedy that any Beneficiary now has or may hereafter have against any other Note Party, and (c) any benefit of, and any right to participate in, any collateral or security now or hereafter held by any Beneficiary. In addition, until the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been Paid in Full, each Guarantor shall withhold exercise of any right of contribution such Guarantor may have against any other guarantor (including any other Guarantor) of the Guaranteed Obligations, including any such right of contribution as contemplated by Section 7.2. Each Guarantor further agrees that, to the extent the waiver or agreement to withhold the exercise of its rights of subrogation, reimbursement, indemnification and contribution as set forth herein is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void or voidable for any reason, any rights of subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification such Guarantor may have against Company or against any collateral or security, and any rights of contribution such Guarantor may have against any such other guarantor, shall be junior and subordinate to any rights any Beneficiary may have against any Note Party, to all right, title and interest any Beneficiary may have in any such collateral or security, and to any right any Beneficiary may have against such other guarantor. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of any such subrogation, reimbursement, indemnification or contribution rights at any time when all Guaranteed Obligations shall not have been Paid in Full, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of Beneficiaries and shall forthwith be paid over to Beneficiaries to be credited and applied against the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 7.7 Subordination of Other Obligations . Any Indebtedness of Company or any Guarantor now or hereafter held by any Guarantor (the Obligee Guarantor is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the Guaranteed Obligations, and any Distribution collected or received by the Obligee Guarantor after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing shall be held in trust for Collateral Agent for the benefit of Beneficiaries and shall forthwith be paid over to Collateral Agent for the benefit of Beneficiaries to be credited and applied against the Guaranteed Obligations but without affecting, impairing or limiting in any manner the liability of the Obligee Guarantor under any other provision hereof. For purposes of this Section 7.7, Distribution means, with respect to any Indebtedness subordinated pursuant to this Section 7.7, (a) any payment or distribution by any Person of cash, securities or other property, by set-off or otherwise, on account of such Indebtedness, (b) any redemption of or purchase or other acquisition of such Indebtedness from the Obligee Guarantor by any other Person, and (c) the granting of any lien or security interest to or for the benefit of the Obligee Guarantor or any other Person in or upon any property of any Person to secure such Indebtedness. 
 7.8 Continuing Guaranty . This Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall remain in effect until all of the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been Paid in Full. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any right to revoke this Guaranty as to future transactions giving rise to any Guaranteed Obligations. 
 -64- 

7.9 Authority of Guarantors or Company . It is not necessary for any Beneficiary to inquire into the capacity or powers of any Guarantor or Company or the officers, Directors or any agents acting or purporting to act on behalf of any of them. 
 7.10 Financial Condition of Company . Any credit extension by any Purchaser to Company pursuant to this Agreement or continued from time to time, without notice to or authorization from any Guarantor regardless of the financial or other condition of Company at the time of any such grant or continuation. No Beneficiary shall have any obligation to disclose or discuss with any Guarantor its assessment, or any Guarantor s assessment, of the financial condition of Company. Each Guarantor has adequate means to obtain information from Company on a continuing basis concerning the financial condition of Company and its ability to perform its obligations under the Note Documents, and each Guarantor assumes the responsibility for being and keeping informed of the financial condition of Company and of all circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor hereby waives and relinquishes any duty on the part of any Beneficiary to disclose any matter, fact or thing relating to the business, operations or conditions of Company now known or hereafter known by any Beneficiary. 
 7.11 Bankruptcy, etc. 
 (a) So long as any Guaranteed Obligations remain outstanding, no Guarantor shall, without the prior written consent of the Requisite Purchasers, commence or join with any other Person in commencing any bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency case or proceeding of or against Company or any other Guarantor. The obligations of Guarantors hereunder shall not be reduced, limited, impaired, discharged, deferred, suspended or terminated by any case or proceeding, voluntary or involuntary, involving the bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization, liquidation or arrangement of Company or any other Guarantor or by any defense that Company or any other Guarantor may have by reason of the order, decree or decision of any court or administrative body resulting from any such proceeding. 
 (b) Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that any interest on any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations that accrues after the commencement of any case or proceeding referred to in clause (a) above (or, if interest on any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations ceases to accrue by operation of law by reason of the commencement of such case or proceeding, such interest as would have accrued on such portion of the Guaranteed Obligations if such case or proceeding had not been commenced) shall be included in the Guaranteed Obligations because it is the intention of Guarantors and Beneficiaries that the Guaranteed Obligations that are guaranteed by Guarantors pursuant hereto should be determined without regard to any rule of law or order that may relieve any Note Party of any portion of such Guaranteed Obligations. Guarantors will permit any trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, debtor in possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person to pay Collateral Agent, or allow the claim of Collateral Agent in respect of, any such interest accruing after the date on which such case or proceeding is commenced. 
 (c) In the event that all or any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations are paid by any Note Party, the obligations of Guarantors hereunder shall continue and remain in full force and effect or be reinstated, as the case may be, in the event that all or any part of such payment(s) are rescinded or recovered directly or indirectly from any Beneficiary as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise, and any such payments that are so rescinded or recovered shall constitute Guaranteed Obligations for all purposes hereunder. 
 7.12 Discharge of Guaranty Upon Sale of Guarantor . If all of the Capital Stock of any Guarantor or any of its successors in interest hereunder shall be sold or otherwise disposed of (including by merger or consolidation) in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, the Guaranty of such Guarantor or such successor in interest, as the case may be, hereunder shall automatically be discharged and released without any further action by any Beneficiary or any other Person effective as of the time of such Asset Sale (provided that Collateral Agent shall, after receipt of a written certificate of a Chief Financial Officer of Company or Company certifying that such transaction is permitted pursuant to the Note Documents, execute and deliver any documentation reasonably requested by Company in writing to further evidence or reflect any such release, all at the expense of Company). 
 Section 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 8.1 Events of Default . If any one or more of the following conditions or events shall occur at any time 
 (a) Failure to Make Payments When Due . Failure by Company to pay (i) the principal of and premium, if any, on any Note whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise (ii) when due any installment of principal of any Note, by notice of voluntary prepayment, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise or (iii) when 
 -65- 

due any interest on any Note or any fee or any other amount due hereunder within three (3) days after the date due or 
 (b) Default in Other Agreements . (i) Failure of any Note Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries to pay when due any principal of or interest on or any other amount, including any payment in settlement, payable in respect of one or more items of Material Indebtedness, in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor or (ii) breach or default by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any other term of (1) one or more items of Material Indebtedness, or (2) any loan agreement, mortgage, note, indenture or other agreement relating to such item(s) of Material Indebtedness, in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor, if the effect of such breach or default is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of that Material Indebtedness (or a trustee on behalf of such holder or holders), with or without the passage of time, to cause, that Material Indebtedness to become or be declared due and payable (or subject to a compulsory repurchase or other redemption) prior to its stated maturity or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be or 
 (c) Breach of Certain Covenants . Failure of any Note Party to perform or comply with any term or condition contained in (i) Section 5.1(a), (b), (c), (d), (f), (g), (i), (j), (l), (p), (q) and (r), Section 5.2, Section 5.3, Section 5.5, Section 5.7, Section 5.8, Section 5.9, Section 5.10, Section 5.11, Section 5.14, Section 5.15, Section 5.16 or Section 6 or (ii) all other subclauses in Section 5.1 not referred to in clause (i) above, Section 5.4 and Section 5.6, and, in the case of this clause (ii), such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) or more days after the earlier of (A) receipt by Company of notice from any Purchaser of such default and (B) an Responsible Officer of Company becoming aware of such failure or 
 (d) Breach of Representations, etc . Any representation, warranty, certification or other statement made or deemed made by any Note Party in any Note Document or in any statement or certificate at any time given by any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries in writing pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect as of the date made or deemed made provided that such materiality qualifier shall not apply to any representations and warranties to the extent already qualified or modified by materiality or similar concept in the text thereof or 
 (e) Other Defaults Under Note Documents . Any Note Party shall default in the performance of or compliance with any term contained herein or any of the other Note Documents, other than any such term referred to in any other paragraph of this Section 8.1 or consisting of a condition or status that is expressly required to exist or be satisfied at a specific time, and such term has not been fully and permanently performed or complied with within thirty days after the earlier of (i) an Responsible Officer of such Note Party becoming aware of such default, or (ii) receipt by Company of notice from any Purchaser of such default or 
 (f) Involuntary Bankruptcy Appointment of Receiver, Etc . (i) A court of competent jurisdiction shall enter a decree or order for relief in respect of Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Law, which decree or order is not stayed or any other similar relief shall be granted under any applicable federal or state law or (ii) an involuntary case shall be commenced against Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any Debtor Relief Law or a decree or order of a court having jurisdiction in the premises for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, custodian or other officer having similar powers over Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or over all or a substantial part of its property, shall have been entered or there shall have occurred the involuntary appointment of an interim receiver, trustee or other custodian of Company or any of its Subsidiaries for all or a substantial part of its property or a warrant of attachment, execution or similar process shall have been issued against any substantial part of the property of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and any such event described in this clause (ii) shall continue for sixty days without having been dismissed, bonded or discharged or 
 (g) Voluntary Bankruptcy Appointment of Receiver, Etc . (i) Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall have an order for relief entered with respect to it or shall commence a voluntary case under any Debtor Relief Law, or shall consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case, or to the conversion of an involuntary case to a voluntary case, under any such law, or shall consent to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, trustee or other custodian for all or a substantial part of its property or Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall make any assignment for the benefit of creditors or (ii) Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be unable, or shall fail generally, or shall admit in writing its inability, to pay its debts as such debts become due or the Board of Directors of Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any committee thereof) shall adopt any resolution or otherwise authorize any action to approve any of the actions referred to herein or in Section 8.1(f) or 
 (h) Judgments and Attachments . Any money judgment, writ or warrant of attachment or similar process involving an amount in excess of 5,000,000 in any individual case or in the aggregate (to the extent not adequately covered by insurance as to which a solvent and unaffiliated insurance company has acknowledged 
 -66- 

coverage) shall be entered or filed against Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets and shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty days (or in any event later than five days prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder) or 
 (i) Dissolution . Any order, judgment or decree shall be entered against any Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries decreeing the dissolution or split up of such Note Party or any of its Subsidiaries and such order shall remain undischarged or unstayed for a period in excess of thirty days or 
 (j) Employee Benefit Plans . (i) There shall occur one or more ERISA Events that individually or in the aggregate results in or might reasonably be expected to result in liability of Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates in excess of 500,000 during the term hereof or (ii) there exists any fact or circumstance that reasonably could be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien or security interest under Section 430(k) of the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA or a violation of Section 436 of the Internal Revenue Code or 
 (k) Change of Control . A Change of Control shall occur 
 (l) Guaranties, Collateral Documents and other Note Documents . On or after the Initial Note Date, (i) the Guaranty for any reason, other than the Payment in Full of all Obligations, shall cease to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms) or shall be declared to be null and void or any Guarantor shall repudiate its obligations thereunder, (ii) this Agreement or any Collateral Document ceases to be in full force and effect (other than by reason of a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or the Payment in Full of the Obligations in accordance with the terms hereof) or shall be declared null and void, or Collateral Agent shall not have or shall cease to have a valid and perfected Lien in any Collateral purported to be covered by the Collateral Documents with the priority required by the relevant Collateral Document, in each case for any reason other than the failure of Collateral Agent or any Secured Party to take any action within its control, or (iii) any Note Party shall contest the validity or enforceability of any Note Document in writing or deny in writing that it has any further liability, including with respect to future advances by any Purchaser, under any Note Document to which it is a party or shall contest the validity of or perfection of any Lien in any Collateral granted or purported to be granted pursuant to the Collateral Documents or 
 (m) Reserved 
 (n) Reserved 
 (o) Defaults Under Material Contracts . Any Note Party, Managed Company or any other Affiliate of a Note Party that is party to a Managed Company Document shall breach or default in the performance of or compliance with any material term contained in any Material Contract or Managed Company Document, beyond any grace period without remedy or waiver, if the effect of such breach or default is to cause the counterparty to such Material Contract to terminate such Material Contract prior to its stated term provided, that no Event of Default shall exist pursuant to this Section 8.1(o) with respect to any breach of or default in compliance with a Material Contract to the extent that Company would be in pro forma compliance with Section 6.8 as of the last day of the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements have been delivered or are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(b) after deducting the revenue from such Material Contract from Consolidated Recurring Revenue, as applicable. 
 8.2 Right to Cure. 
 8.2.1 Reserved . 
 8.2.2 Liquidity Cure. For purposes of determining whether an Event of Default has occurred under any financial covenant set forth in Section 6.8(b) (the Specified Liquidity Financial Covenant ), at the irrevocable written election of Company (which election shall constitute a commitment to satisfy the requirements of this Section 8.2.2) given within 30 days after the end of the relevant Fiscal Quarter, the Net Equity Proceeds of any Qualified Stock that are contributed or otherwise paid as equity capital to Company after the last day of such Fiscal Quarter and on or prior to the day that is ten days after the date of such notice of written election (the Specified Liquidity Cure Period will be deemed to have decreased Consolidated Total Debt solely for the purposes of determining compliance with the Specified Liquidity Financial Covenant at the end of such fiscal reporting period (any such equity contribution, a Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution provided that each of the following requirements is satisfied 
 -67- 

(i) Specified Liquidity Equity Contributions may not be made in consecutive Fiscal Quarters 
 (ii) no more than 5,000,000 in Specified Liquidity Equity Contributions may be made in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement 
 (iii) any Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution may only be deemed to increase Qualified Cash in connection with Section 6.8(b) to the extent that such deemed increase would cause the Note Parties to be in compliance with Section 6.8(b) when re-calculated as of the original test date after giving effect to such deemed increase 
 (iv) the amount of any Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution that is deemed to increase Qualified Cash on the last day of such fiscal reporting period will be no greater than the lesser of (x) the amount required to cause Company to be in compliance with the Specified Liquidity Financial Covenant and (y) 5,000,000 
 (v) no Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution will be included in or otherwise deemed to increase Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for any purpose 
 (vi) all Specified Liquidity Equity Contributions and the use of proceeds therefrom will be disregarded for all other purposes under the Note Documents (including for purposes of determining compliance with baskets, and any other item governed by reference to Consolidated Total Debt, for purposes of determining the satisfaction of any Default or Event of Default condition, for purposes of the Restricted Junior Payments covenant in Section 6.4, and for purposes of determining compliance with any basket that permits a transaction to the extent that such transaction is funded with Net Equity Proceeds) and 
 (vii) the Net Equity Proceeds of any related Specified Liquidity Equity Contribution with respect to the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.8(b) shall be deposited in a Controlled Account. 
 Upon satisfying the requirements of the previous sentence, the Note Parties shall be deemed to have satisfied such Specified Liquidity Financial Covenant as of the relevant date of determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith on such date of determination. 
 Section 9. COLLATERAL AGENT 
 9.1 Appointment of Collateral Agent . If and when appointed by the Purchaser, the Purchasers hereby authorize the Collateral Agent, in such capacity, to act as Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms hereof and the other Note Documents, and Collateral Agent agrees to act in its capacity as such upon the express conditions contained herein and the other Note Documents, as applicable. The provisions of this Section 9 are solely for the benefit of Collateral Agent and the Purchasers and no Note Party shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary of any of the provisions thereof. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, Collateral Agent shall act solely as an agent of Purchaser and does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with or for Company or any of its Subsidiaries. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Note Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties , and Collateral Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any fiduciary duty or relationship to any Person . 
 9.2 Powers and Duties . Each Purchaser irrevocably authorizes Collateral Agent to take such action on Purchaser s behalf and to exercise such powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Note Documents as are specifically delegated or granted to Collateral Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers, rights and remedies as are reasonably incidental thereto. In the event that any obligations are permitted to be incurred and subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations hereunder and or are permitted to be secured by Liens on all or a portion of the Collateral, each Purchaser authorizes Collateral Agent to enter into intercreditor agreements, subordination agreements and amendments to the Collateral Documents to reflect such arrangements on terms that are acceptable to Collateral Agent. Collateral Agent shall have only those duties and responsibilities that are expressly specified herein and the other Note Documents. The permissive rights of the Collateral Agent enumerated in any of the Collateral Documents shall not be construed as duties. Collateral Agent may exercise such powers, rights and remedies and perform such duties by or through its agents or employees. Collateral Agent shall not have, by reason hereof or any of the other Note Documents, a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Purchaser or any other Person and nothing herein or any of the other Note Documents, expressed or 
 -68- 

implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon Collateral Agent any obligations in respect hereof or any of the other Note Documents except as expressly set forth herein or therein. 
 9.3 General Immunity. 
 (a) No Responsibility for Certain Matters . Collateral Agent shall not be responsible to Purchaser for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, collectability or sufficiency hereof or any other Note Document or for any representations, warranties, recitals or statements made herein or therein or made in any written or oral statements or in any financial or other statements, instruments, reports or certificates or any other documents furnished or made by Collateral Agent to Purchasers or by or on behalf of any Note Party to Collateral Agent or any Purchaser in connection with the Note Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby or for the financial condition or business affairs of any Note Party or any other Person liable for the payment of any Obligations, nor shall Collateral Agent be required to ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, conditions, provisions, covenants or agreements contained in any of the Note Documents or as to the use of the proceeds of the Notes or as to the existence or possible existence of any Event of Default or Default or as to the value or sufficiency of any Collateral or as to the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 3 or elsewhere herein (other than confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to Collateral Agent) or to inspect the properties, books or records of Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to make any disclosures with respect to the foregoing. 
 (b) Exculpatory Provisions . Neither Collateral Agent nor any of its officers, partners, Directors, employees or agents shall be liable to the Purchasers for any action taken or omitted by Collateral Agent (i) under or in connection with any of the Note Documents, or (ii) with the consent or at the request of the Requisite Purchasers or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Purchasers or any other instructing group of Purchasers specified by this Agreement, in each case except to the extent caused by Collateral Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. Collateral Agent shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Note Documents, have any duty to disclose or be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to Company or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Collateral Agent shall be entitled to refrain from any act or the taking of any action (including the failure to take an action) in connection herewith or any of the other Note Documents or from the exercise of any power, discretion or authority vested in it hereunder or thereunder unless and until Collateral Agent shall have received instructions in respect thereof from the Requisite Purchasers (or such other Purchasers as may be required to give such instructions under Section 10.5 and, upon receipt of such instructions from the Requisite Purchasers (or such other Purchasers, as the case may be), Collateral Agent shall be entitled to act or (where so instructed) refrain from acting, or to exercise such power, discretion or authority, in accordance with such instructions, including for the avoidance of doubt refraining from any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose Collateral Agent to liability, may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Purchaser in violation of any Debtor Relief Law. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, (i) Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any communication, instrument or document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person or Persons, and shall be entitled to rely and shall be protected in relying on opinions and judgments of attorneys (who may be attorneys for Company and its Subsidiaries), accountants, experts and other professional advisors selected by it and (ii) no Purchaser shall have any right of action whatsoever against Collateral Agent as a result of Collateral Agent acting or (where so instructed) refraining from acting hereunder or any of the other Note Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Requisite Purchasers (or such other Purchasers as may be required to give such instructions under Section 10.5 ). None of the provisions of this Agreement shall require the Collateral Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise to incur any liability, financial or otherwise, in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or indemnity satisfactory to it against such risk or liability is not assured to it. In no event shall the Collateral Agent be liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, lost profits, irrespective of whether the Collateral Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action arising in connection with this Agreement. 
 (c) Delegation of Duties . Collateral Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers under this Agreement or under any other Note Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by Collateral Agent. Such appointing Collateral Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Affiliates. The exculpatory, indemnification and other provisions of this Section 9.3 and of Section 9.6 shall apply to any Affiliates of Collateral Agent and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with activities as Collateral Agent. All of the rights, benefits, and privileges (including the exculpatory and indemnification provisions) of this Section 9.3 and of Section 9.6 shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Affiliates of any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities as sub-agent as if such sub-agent and Affiliates were named herein. Notwithstanding anything 
 -69- 

herein to the contrary, with respect to each sub-agent appointed by Collateral Agent, (i) such sub-agent shall be a third party beneficiary under this Agreement with respect to all such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) and shall have all of the rights and benefits of a third party beneficiary, including an independent right of action to enforce such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) directly, without the consent or joinder of any other Person, against any or all of Note Parties and the Purchasers, (ii) such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) shall not be modified or amended without the consent of such sub-agent, and (iii) such sub-agent shall only have obligations to the Collateral Agent and not to any Note Party, Purchaser or any other Person and no Note Party, Purchaser or any other Person shall have any rights, directly or indirectly, as a third party beneficiary or otherwise, against such sub-agent. Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that Collateral Agent acted with gross negligence, bad faith, or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 (d) Notice of Default or Event of Default . Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given to such a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent by a Note Party or any Purchaser. In the event that Collateral Agent shall receive such a notice, Collateral Agent will endeavor to give notice thereof to the Purchasers provided, that failure to give such notice shall not result in any liability on the part of Collateral Agent. 
 9.4 Collateral Agent Entitled to Act as Purchaser . The agency hereby created shall in no way impair or affect any of the rights and powers of, or impose any duties or obligations upon, Collateral Agent in its individual capacity as a Purchaser hereunder. With respect to its participation in the Notes, Collateral Agent shall have the same rights and powers hereunder as any other Purchaser and may exercise the same as if it were not performing the duties and functions delegated to it hereunder, and the term Purchaser shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include Collateral Agent in its individual capacity. Collateral Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory or other business with Company or any of its Affiliates as if it were not performing the duties specified herein, and may accept fees and other consideration from Company for services in connection herewith and otherwise without having to account for the same to the Purchasers. Each Purchaser acknowledges that pursuant to such activities, Collateral Agent and its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Note Party or any Affiliate of any Note Party (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Note Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that Collateral Agent and its Affiliates shall be under no obligation to provide such information to them. 
 9.5 Reserved 9.5 Compensation. The Company shall pay such compensation to the Collateral Agent as the Company and the Collateral Agent may agree in writing from time to time. The Company agrees to pay or reimburse the Collateral Agent the amount of any and all fees and documented expenses reasonably incurred, including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses for its legal counsel and any experts or agents incurred by the Collateral Agent, in connection with acting as Collateral Agent hereunder 
 . 
 9.6 Right to Indemnity . Each Purchaser, in proportion to its Pro Rata Share, severally agrees to indemnify Collateral Agent, its Affiliates and their respective officers, partners, directors, trustees, employees and agents of Collateral Agent (each, an Indemnitee Agent Party ), to the extent that such Indemnitee Agent Party shall not have been reimbursed by any Note Party, for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including counsel fees and disbursements) or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee Agent Party in exercising its powers, rights and remedies or performing its duties hereunder or under the other Note Documents or otherwise in its capacity as such Indemnitee Agent Party in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the other Note Documents, in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory, or sole negligence of such Indemnitee Agent Party provided, no Purchaser shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Indemnitee Agent Party s gross negligence, bad faith, or willful misconduct, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable order. If any indemnity furnished to any Indemnitee Agent Party for any purpose shall, in the opinion of such Indemnitee Agent Party, be insufficient or become impaired, such Indemnitee Agent Party may call for additional indemnity and cease, or not commence, to do the acts indemnified against until such additional indemnity is furnished provided that in no event shall this sentence require any Purchaser to indemnify any Indemnitee Agent Party against any liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement in excess of such Purchaser s Pro Rata Share thereof provided, further, that this sentence shall not be deemed to require any 
 -70- 

Purchaser to indemnify any Indemnitee Agent Party against any liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement described in the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence. 
 9.7 Successor Collateral Agent. 
 (a) Reserved . 
 (b) Collateral Agent may resign at any time by giving prior written notice thereof to the Purchasers and the Note Parties. The Requisite Purchasers shall have the right to appoint a financial institution as Collateral Agent hereunder, subject to the reasonable satisfaction of Company and Collateral Agent s resignation shall become effective on the earliest of (i) thirty days after delivery of the notice of resignation, (ii) the acceptance of such successor Collateral Agent by Company and the Requisite Purchasers or (iii) such other date, if any, agreed to by the Requisite Purchasers. Until a successor Collateral Agent is so appointed by the Requisite Purchasers, any collateral security held by Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers under any of the Note Documents shall continue to be held by the resigning Collateral Agent as nominee until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Collateral Agent hereunder by a successor Collateral Agent, that successor Collateral Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning or removed Collateral Agent under this Agreement and the Collateral Documents, and the resigning or removed Collateral Agent under this Agreement shall promptly (i) transfer to such successor Collateral Agent all sums, Securities and other items of Collateral held hereunder or under the Collateral Documents, together with all records and other documents necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance of the duties of the successor Collateral Agent under this Agreement and the Collateral Documents, and (ii) execute and deliver to such successor Collateral Agent or otherwise authorize the filing of such amendments to financing statements, and take such other actions, as may be necessary or appropriate in connection with the assignment to such successor Collateral Agent of the security interests created under the Collateral Documents, whereupon such resigning or removed Collateral Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the Collateral Documents. After any resigning or removed Collateral Agent s resignation or removal hereunder as Collateral Agent, the provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it under this Agreement or the Collateral Documents while it was Collateral Agent hereunder. 
 (c) Reserved Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Person into which the Collateral Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Collateral Agent, shall be the successor of the Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Note Documents without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Collateral Agent may assign its rights and duties as Collateral Agent hereunder to any of its Affiliates without the prior written consent of, or prior written notice to, Company or the Purchasers provided, that Company and the Purchasers may deem and treat such assigning Collateral Agent as Collateral Agent for all purposes hereof, unless and until Collateral Agent provides written notice to Company and the Purchasers of such assignment. Upon such assignment such Affiliate shall succeed to and become vested with all rights, powers, privileges and duties as Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Note Documents. 
 (e) In the event that the Collateral Agent is required to acquire title to an asset, or take any managerial action of any kind in regard thereto, in order to perform any obligation under any Note Document, which in the Collateral Agent s sole determination may cause the Collateral Agent to incur potential liability under any environmental law, the Collateral Agent reserves the right, instead of taking such action, to resign as the Collateral Agent. 
 9.8 Collateral Documents and Guaranty. 
 (a) Agent under Collateral Documents and Guaranty . Each Purchaser hereby further authorizes Collateral Agent on behalf of and for the benefit of Secured Parties, to be the agent for and representative of Secured Parties with respect to the Guaranty, the Collateral and the Collateral Documents. Subject to Section 10.5, without further written consent or authorization from any Secured Party, Collateral Agent may execute any documents or instruments necessary to (i) in connection with a sale or disposition of assets permitted by this Agreement, release any Lien encumbering any item of Collateral that is the subject of such sale or other disposition of assets or to which the Requisite Purchasers (or such other Purchasers as may be required to give such consent under Section 10. 6) have otherwise consented, or (ii) release any Guarantor from the Guaranty pursuant to Section 7.12 or with respect to which Purchaser has otherwise consented. Upon request by Collateral Agent at any time, the 
 -71- 

Purchasers will confirm in writing Collateral Agent s authority to release its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.8. Upon the reasonable request of Company and or Collateral Agent may, after receipt of a written certificate of a Chief Financial Officer of Company certifying that such transaction is permitted pursuant to the Note Documents, execute and deliver any such release documentation reasonably requested by Company in connection with such permitted releases as described above, all at the expense of Company. 
 (b) Right to Realize on Collateral and Enforce Guaranty . Anything contained in any of the Note Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, Company, Collateral Agent and each Secured Party hereby agree that (i) no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Guaranty, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under any of the other Note Documents may be exercised solely by Collateral Agent for the benefit of Secured Parties in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof and all powers, rights and remedies under the Collateral Documents may be exercised solely by Collateral Agent for the benefit of Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof, and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure or similar enforcement action by Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition (including pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii), or otherwise of the Bankruptcy Code), Collateral Agent or any Purchaser may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or disposition and Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of Secured Parties (but not any Purchaser or Purchasers in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Requisite Purchasers shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any collateral payable by Collateral Agent at such sale or other disposition. 
 (c) Reserved 
 (d) Release of Collateral and Guarantees, Termination of Note Documents . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or any other Note Document, when all Obligations have been Paid in Full, upon request of Company, Collateral Agent shall take such actions as shall be required to release its security interest in all Collateral, and to release all guarantee obligations provided for in any Note Document. Any such release of guarantee obligations shall be deemed subject to the provision that such guarantee obligations shall be reinstated if after such release any portion of any payment in respect of the Obligations guaranteed thereby shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of Company or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, Company or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 
 (e) No Duty . Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of Collateral Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Note Party in connection therewith, nor shall Collateral Agent be responsible or liable to the Purchasers for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 (f) Agency for Perfection . Collateral Agent and each Purchaser hereby appoints the Collateral Agent and each other Purchaser as agent and bailee for the purpose of perfecting the security interests in and liens upon the Collateral in assets that, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC, can be perfected only by possession or control (or where the security interest of a Secured Party with possession or control has priority over the security interest of another Secured Party) and Collateral Agent and each Purchaser hereby acknowledges that it holds possession of or otherwise controls any such Collateral for the benefit of the other Secured Parties, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. Should any Purchaser obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Purchaser shall notify Collateral Agent thereof, and, promptly upon Collateral Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to Collateral Agent or in accordance with Collateral Agent s instructions. Each Note Party by its execution and delivery of this Agreement hereby consents to the foregoing. 
 9.9 Reserved . 
 9.10 Collateral Agent May File Bankruptcy Disclosure and Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws relative to any Note Party, Collateral Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Note shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether any demand shall have been made on Company) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 -72- 

(a) to file a verified statement pursuant to rule 2019 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure that, in its sole opinion, complies with such rule s disclosure requirements for entities representing more than one creditor 
 (b) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Notes and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Purchasers and the Collateral Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, reasonable and actual out-of-pocket expenses, disbursements and advances of Collateral Agent and its respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due to the Purchasers and Collateral Agent under 2.7(c), 10.2 and 10.3 allowed in such judicial proceeding) and 
 (c) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Purchaser to make such payments to Collateral Agent and, in the event that Collateral Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Purchasers, to pay to Collateral Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, reasonable and actual out-of-pocket expenses, disbursements and advances of Collateral Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due Collateral Agent under 2.7(c), 10.2 and 10.3. To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of Collateral Agent, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due Collateral Agent under 2.7(c), 10.2 and 10.3 out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a Lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Purchasers may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. Nothing contained in this Section 9.10 shall be deemed to authorize Collateral Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Purchaser any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Purchaser or to authorize Collateral Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Purchaser in any such proceeding. 
 9.11 Bankruptcy Plan Voting . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws relative to any Note Party, each Purchaser shall submit any vote on a plan of reorganization or similar disposition plan of restructuring or liquidation (a Plan to Collateral Agent so that it is received by Collateral Agent no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the voting deadline established pursuant to the terms of such Plan or any court order establishing voting procedures with respect to the Plan (the Voting Procedures Order ). If Purchasers constituting more than half of the total number of Purchasers that vote and having or holding more than two-thirds of the aggregate Voting Power Determinants of all Purchasers that vote timely submit a vote to accept the Plan, Collateral Agent shall submit a ballot on behalf of all Purchasers voting to accept the Plan in accordance with the terms of the Plan or the Voting Procedures Order. If Purchasers constituting more than half of the total number of Purchasers that vote and having or holding more than two-thirds of the aggregate Voting Power Determinants of all Purchasers that vote do not timely vote to accept the Plan, Collateral Agent shall submit a ballot on behalf of all Purchasers voting to reject the Plan in accordance with the terms of the Plan or the Voting Procedures Order. For purposes of calculating the total number of Purchasers and the number of Purchasers voting to accept the Plan, Purchasers that are Affiliates shall be deemed to be a single Purchaser. No Purchaser may submit a ballot with respect to a Plan in contravention of the procedures set forth in this Section 9.11, and Collateral Agent is irrevocably authorized by each Purchaser to withdraw any vote submitted by such Purchaser in contravention of the procedures set forth in this Section 9.11. 
 Section 10. MISCELLANEOUS 
 10.1 Notices. 
 (a) Notices Generally . Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, any notice or other communication herein required or permitted to be given to a Note Party or Collateral Agent, shall be sent to such Person s address as set forth on the signature page of the Agreement or joinder to this Agreement, respectively, or in the other relevant Note Document, and in the case of Purchaser, the address set forth on the signature page of the Agreement or otherwise indicated to Company in writing. Each notice hereunder shall be in writing and may be personally served or sent by email (excluding any notices to Collateral Agent in its capacity as such) or U.S. mail or courier service and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by courier service and signed for against receipt thereof, when sent, if sent by email (with evidence of transmission), or three Business Days after depositing it in the U.S. mail with postage prepaid and properly addressed provided , no notice to Collateral Agent in its capacity as such shall be effective until received by a Responsible Officer of Collateral Agent provided , further , any such notice or other communication shall, at the request of Collateral Agent, be provided to any sub-agent appointed pursuant to Section 9.3(c) as designated by Collateral Agent from time to time. 
 -73- 

(b) Electronic Communications . 
 (i) Notices and other communications to the Collateral Agent, the Purchasers and any Note Party hereunder may be delivered or furnished by other electronic communication (including e mail and Internet or intranet websites, including Debt Domain, Intralinks, SyndTrak or another relevant website or other information platform (the Platform )) pursuant to procedures approved by the Requisite Purchasers in their sole discretion, provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will notices by electronic communication be effective to Collateral Agent or any Purchaser pursuant to Section 2 if any such Person has notified Company that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Section 2 by electronic communication. Collateral Agent may, in its sole discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. In the case of any notices by electronic communication permitted in accordance with this Agreement, unless any Purchaser otherwise prescribes, (A) any notices and other communications permitted to be sent to an e-mail address shall be delivered during normal business hours and deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgment, but excluding any automatic reply to such e-mail), except that, if such notice or other communication is not sent prior to noon, Pacific Time, then such notice or communication shall be deemed not to have been received until the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, at the earliest, and (B) notices or communications permitted to be posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (A) of notification that such notice or communication is available and clearly identifying an accessible website address therefor. 
 (ii) Each Note Party understands that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution and agrees and assumes the risks associated with such electronic distribution , including without limitation the risk of the Collateral Agent acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties . 
 (iii) The Platform and any Approved Electronic Communications are provided as is and as available . None of Collateral Agent or any of its respective officers, Directors, employees, agents, advisors or representatives (the Agent Affiliates warrant the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of the Approved Electronic Communications or the Platform and each expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the Platform and the Approved Electronic Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects is made by the Agent Affiliates in connection with the Platform or the Approved Electronic Communications. In no event shall the Agent Affiliates have any liability to any of the Note Parties, any Purchaser or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Note Party s or Collateral Agent s transmission of communications through the Platform. Each party hereto agrees that Collateral Agent has no responsibility for maintaining or providing any equipment, software, services or any testing required in connection with any Approved Electronic Communication or otherwise required for the Platform. 
 (iv) Reserved . 
 (v) Reserved . 
 (vi) Any notice of Default or Event of Default may be provided by telephone if confirmed promptly thereafter by delivery of written notice thereof. 
 (c) Change of Address, Etc . Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 10.2 Expenses . Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated, the Note Parties agree to pay promptly (a) all of Initial Purchaser s actual and reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with any consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications to the Note Documents, (b) all the reasonable fees, actual out-of-pocket expenses and disbursements of counsel to Collateral Agent in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and administration of the Note Documents and any consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications thereto and any other documents or matters requested by Company (c) all the actual costs and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of creating, perfecting, recording, maintaining, and preserving Liens in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, including filing and recording fees, expenses and taxes, stamp or documentary taxes, search fees, title insurance premiums and reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel to Collateral Agent and of counsel providing any opinions that Collateral 
 -74- 

Agent or the Requisite Purchasers may request in respect of the Collateral or the Liens created pursuant to the Collateral Documents (d) Collateral Agent s actual costs and reasonable out-of-pocket fees, expenses, and disbursements of any auditors, accountants, consultants or appraisers retained by Collateral Agent (e) all the actual out-of-pocket costs and reasonable expenses (including the reasonable out-of-pocket fees, expenses and disbursements of any appraisers, consultants, advisors and agents employed or retained by Collateral Agent and its counsel) in connection with the custody or preservation of any of the Collateral (f) all other actual out-of-pocket and reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Collateral Agent in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Note Documents and any consents, amendments, waivers or other modifications thereto and (g) after the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default, all actual and reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and costs of settlement, incurred by Collateral Agent and any Purchaser in enforcing or preparing for enforcement of any Obligations of or in collecting or preparing to collect any payments due from any Note Party hereunder or under the other Note Documents by reason of such Default or Event of Default (including in connection with any actual or prospective sale of, collection from, or other realization upon any of the Collateral or the enforcement of the Guaranty) or in connection with any actual or prospective refinancing or restructuring of the credit arrangements provided hereunder in the nature of a work out or pursuant to or in contemplation of any insolvency or bankruptcy cases or proceedings, including the engagement of a restructuring advisor or consultant satisfactory to the Requisite Purchasers in their sole discretion. 
 10.3 Indemnity and Related Reimbursement. 
 (a) In the event that an Indemnitee becomes involved in any capacity in any action, proceeding or investigation brought by or against any Person relating to or arising out of any Indemnified Liabilities and whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated, each Note Party agrees that on demand it will reimburse such Indemnitee for its actual and reasonable out-of-pocket legal and other expenses (including the cost of any investigation and preparation) incurred in connection therewith. 
 (b) In addition to the payment of expenses pursuant to Section 10.2, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby shall be consummated, each Note Party agrees to defend (subject to Indemnitees selection of counsel), indemnify, pay and hold harmless, each Indemnitee, from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities, in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory, or sole negligence of such INDEMNITEE provided , no Note Party shall have any obligation to any Indemnitee under this Section 10.3(b) with respect to any Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities arise directly from the gross negligence, bad faith, or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, in each case as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. To the extent that the undertakings to defend, indemnify, pay and hold harmless set forth in this Section 10.3 may be unenforceable in whole or in part because they are violative of any law or public policy, the applicable Note Party shall contribute the maximum portion that it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by Indemnitees or any of them. 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Note Party shall assert, and each Note Party hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) (whether or not the claim therefor is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by any applicable legal requirement) arising out of, in connection with, as a result of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any Note Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referenced to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Note or the use of the proceeds thereof or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, and Company hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue upon any such claim or such damages whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Note Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 
 (d) Each Note Party also agrees that no Indemnitee will have any liability to any Note Party or any person asserting claims on behalf of or in right of any Note Party or any other Person in connection with or as a result of this Agreement or any Note Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Note, or the use of the proceeds thereof, or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, in each case, except in the case of any Note Party to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses incurred by such Note Party or its Affiliates, shareholders, partners or other equity holders have been found by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted directly from the gross negligence, bad faith, or willful misconduct of such Purchaser in performing its purchase obligations under this Agreement provided , however , that in no event will any such Purchaser or Collateral Agent have any liability for any indirect, consequential, special or punitive damages in connection with or as a result of Purchaser s, or Collateral Agent s, or their respective Affiliates , 
 -75- 

Directors , employees , attorneys , agents or sub-agents activities arising out of, in connection with, as a result of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any Note Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referenced to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Note or the use of the proceeds thereof or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith. No other party hereto shall be liable for the obligations of any Defaulting Purchaser in failing to fulfill its purchase obligations hereunder. 
 10.4 Set-Off . In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under applicable law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default each Purchaser and its Affiliates are each hereby authorized by each Note Party at any time or from time to time subject to the consent of the Requisite Purchasers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), without notice to any Note Party or to any other Person, any such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) and any other obligations or Indebtedness at any time held or owing by such Purchaser to or for the credit or the account of any Note Party against and on account of the Obligations of any Note Party to such Purchaser hereunder and under the other Note Documents, irrespective of whether or not (a) such Purchaser shall have made any demand hereunder or (b) the principal of or the interest on the Notes or any other amounts due hereunder shall have become due and payable pursuant to Section 2 and although such obligations and liabilities, or any of them, may be contingent or unmatured provided that in the event that any Defaulting Purchaser shall exercise any such right of set off, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to Purchasers for further application in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.16 and 2.21 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Purchaser from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of Purchasers, and (y) the Defaulting Purchaser shall provide promptly to Purchasers a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Purchaser as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Purchaser and its Affiliates under this Section 10.4 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set off) that such Purchaser or its respective Affiliates may otherwise have provided that upon the appointment of the Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms hereof, this Agreement and any other Note Document may be amended with the consent of the Required Purchasers and the Collateral Agent and no consent of Company shall be required in connection therewith. 
 10.5 Amendments and Waivers. 
 (a) Requisite Purchasers Consent . Subject to the additional requirements of Sections 10.5(b) and 10.5(c), no amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of the Note Documents, or consent to any departure by any Note Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective without the written concurrence of Requisite Purchasers. 
 (b) Affected Purchasers Consent . Subject to Section 10.5(d), without the written consent of each Purchaser that would be directly and adversely affected thereby, no amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent shall be effective if the effect thereof would 
 (i) extend the scheduled final maturity of any Note 
 (ii) waive, reduce or postpone any scheduled repayment (but not prepayment) 
 (iii) reduce the rate of interest on any Note (other than any waiver of any increase in the interest rate applicable to any Note pursuant to Section 2.9) or any fee or premium payable under this Agreement provided, that (A) only the consent of Requisite Purchasers shall be necessary to amend the Default Rate in Section 2.9, to waive any prospective obligation of Company to pay interest at the Default Rate, and (B) only the consent of Requisite Purchasers shall be necessary to revoke any election by Requisite Purchasers to impose interest at the Default Rate 
 (iv) waive or extend the time for payment of any such interest, fees, or premiums 
 (v) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Note 
 (vi) amend, modify, terminate or waive any provision of this Section 10.5(b) or Section 10.5(c) or any other provision of this Agreement that expressly provides that the consent of all Purchasers or any specific Purchaser is required 
 (vii) amend the definition of Requisite Purchasers or Pro Rata Share provided, with the consent of Requisite Purchasers, additional issuances and purchases of Notes pursuant to this Agreement 
 -76- 

may be included in the determination of Requisite Purchasers or Pro Rata Share on substantially the same basis as the Commitments and the Notes are included on the Closing Date 
 (viii) release all or substantially all of the Collateral or all or substantially all of the Guarantors from the Guaranty except (A) as expressly provided in the Note Documents on the Closing Date, (B) in connection with a credit bid undertaken by Collateral Agent with the consent or at the direction of Requisite Purchasers pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or any other provision of the Bankruptcy Code or any other Debtor Relief Law, or (C) in connection with any other sale or disposition of assets in connection with an enforcement action with respect to the Collateral that is permitted pursuant to the Note Documents and consented to or directed by Requisite Purchasers 
 (ix) consent to the assignment or transfer by any Note Party of any of its rights and obligations under any Note Document, except as expressly provided in any Note Document. 
 (c) Other Consents . Subject to Section 10.5(d), no amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of the Note Documents, or consent to any departure by any Note Party therefrom, shall 
 (i) Reserved 
 (ii) Reserved 
 (iii) alter the required application of any repayments or prepayments as between Classes pursuant to Section 2.14 without the consent of Requisite Class Purchasers of each Class that is being allocated a lesser repayment or prepayment as a result thereof provided that the Requisite Purchasers may waive, in whole or in part, any prepayment so long as the application, as between Classes, of any portion of such prepayment that is still required to be made is not altered 
 (iv) amend, modify, or waive any provision of this Agreement or the Pledge and Security Agreement so as to alter the ratable treatment of Obligations arising under the Note Documents or the definitions of Obligations or Secured Obligations (as such term or any similar term is defined in any relevant Collateral Document) in each case in a manner adverse to any Purchaser with Notes then outstanding without the written consent of such Purchaser or 
 (v) amend, modify, terminate or waive any provision of Section 9 as the same directly or indirectly applies to Collateral Agent, or any other provision hereof as the same directly or indirectly applies to the rights or obligations of Collateral Agent, in each case in any manner adverse to Collateral Agent without the consent of Collateral Agent provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, upon the appointment of the Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms hereof, this Agreement and any other Note Document may be amended with the consent of the Required Purchasers and the Collateral Agent and no consent of Company shall be required in connection therewith. 
 (d) Defaulting Purchaser Consent . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Defaulting Purchaser shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent hereunder and any amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent that by its terms requires the consent of all the Purchasers or each affected Purchaser may be effected with the consent of the applicable Purchasers other than Defaulting Purchasers, except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Purchaser may not be increased or extended, or the maturity of any of its Notes may not be extended, the rate of interest on any of its Notes may not be reduced and the principal amount of any of its Notes may not be forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Purchaser and (y) any amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent requiring the consent of all the Purchasers or each affected Purchaser that by its terms affects any Defaulting Purchaser more adversely than the other affected Purchasers shall require the consent of such Defaulting Purchaser. 
 (e) Effect of Amendments, Etc . Any waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given. No notice to or demand on any Note Party in any case shall entitle any Note Party to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. Any amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent effected in accordance with this Section 10.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser at the time outstanding, each future Purchaser, each Note Party, and each future Note Party. 
 (f) Compensation for Amendments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Note Document, unless otherwise agreed to by Requisite Purchasers in their discretion no Note Party may, nor may it 
 -77- 

permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly (including by being complicit in or otherwise facilitating any such action by any of their respective Affiliates or Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect holders or beneficial owners of any such Person s Capital Stock) pay or otherwise transfer any consideration, whether by way of interest, fee, or otherwise, to or for the benefit of any current or prospective Purchaser or any of its Affiliates (other than customary upfront fees to be received by any new purchaser providing new commitments) for or as an inducement to any action or inaction by such Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, including any consent, waiver, approval, disapproval, or withholding of any of the foregoing in connection with any required or requested approval, amendment, waiver, consent, or other modification of or under any Note Document or any provision thereof unless such consideration is first offered to all then existing Purchasers in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares and is paid to any such Purchasers that act in accordance with such offer. 
 (g) Cashless Settlement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Purchaser may exchange, continue, or rollover all or a portion of its Notes in connection with any refinancing, extension, modification, or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by Company and such Purchaser. 
 10.6 Successors and Assigns Transferees. 
 (a) Generally . This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. No party s rights or obligations hereunder nor any interest therein may be assigned or delegated by any party without the prior written consent of all parties. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Register . Company and Purchasers shall deem and treat the Persons listed as Purchasers in the Register as the holders and owners of the corresponding Commitments and Notes (including principal and stated interest) listed therein for all purposes hereof, and no assignment or transfer of any such Commitment or Note shall be effective, in each case, unless and until recorded in the Register following Company s receipt of a fully executed Transfer Agreement, together with the forms and certificates regarding tax matters and any fees payable in connection with such transfer, in each case, as provided in Section 10.6(e). Each transfer shall be recorded in the Register promptly following receipt by Company of the fully executed Transfer Agreement and all other necessary documents and approvals and a copy of such Transfer Agreement shall be maintained, as applicable. The date of such recordation of a transfer shall be referred to herein as the Transfer Effective Date . Any request, authority or consent of any Person who, at the time of making such request or giving such authority or consent, is listed in the Register as a Purchaser shall be conclusive and binding on any subsequent holder, assignee or transferee of the corresponding Commitments or Notes. It is intended that the Register be maintained such that the Notes are in registered form for the purposes of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 (c) Right to Transfer . Each Purchaser shall have the right at any time to sell, assign or transfer all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, including all or a portion of its Commitment or Notes owing to it or other Obligations (provided, however, that pro rata transfers shall not be required and each transfer shall be of a uniform, and not varying, percentage of all rights and obligations under and in respect of any applicable Note and any related Commitments) 
 (i) to any Person meeting the criteria of clause (i)(a) or clause (ii) of the definition of the term of Eligible Transferee upon the giving of notice to Company and 
 (ii) to any Person otherwise constituting an Eligible Transferee with the consent of Requisite Purchasers and provided, each such transfer pursuant to this Section 10.6(c)(ii) shall be in an aggregate amount of not less than 1,000,000 (or such lesser amount (x) as may be agreed to by Company, (y) as shall constitute the aggregate amount of the Notes of the transferring Purchaser or (z) as is transferred by a transferring Purchaser to an Affiliate or Related Fund of such Purchaser) with respect to the transfer of Notes 
 provided further, that prior to the occurrence and continuation of a Default or an Event of Default, such assignment shall require the consent of Company, with such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed provided further that Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to Purchasers within three (3) Business Days after having received written notice thereof. 
 (d) Mechanics . 
 -78- 

(i) Transfers of the Notes by Purchasers shall be effected by execution and delivery to Company of a Transfer Agreement. Transfers made pursuant to the foregoing provision shall be effective as of the Transfer Effective Date. In connection with all transfers there shall be delivered to Company such forms, certificates or other evidence, if any, with respect to U.S. federal income tax withholding matters as the transferee under such Transfer Agreement may be required to deliver pursuant to Section 2.19(c). 
 (ii) In connection with any transfer of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Purchaser hereunder, no such transfer shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the transfer shall make such additional payments to Purchasers in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the transferee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of Company, the applicable Pro Rata Share of Notes previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Purchaser, to each of which the applicable transferee and transferor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Purchaser to Purchaser hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and purchase as appropriate) its full Pro Rata Share of all Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Purchaser hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Purchaser for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 (e) Notice of Transfer . Upon its receipt of a duly executed and completed Transfer Agreement, any forms, certificates or other evidence required by this Agreement in connection therewith, Company shall record the information contained in such Transfer Agreement in the Register and shall maintain a copy of such Transfer Agreement. 
 (f) Representations and Warranties of Transferee . Each Purchaser, upon execution and delivery hereof or upon succeeding to an interest in the Notes, as the case may be, represents and warrants as of the Closing Date or as of the Transfer Effective Date that (i) it is an Eligible Transferee (ii) it has experience and expertise in the making of or investing in commitments or notes such as the applicable Commitments or Notes, as the case may be (iii) it will make or invest in, as the case may be, its Commitments or Notes for its own account in the ordinary course of its business and without a view to distribution of such Commitments or Notes within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws (it being understood that, subject to the provisions of this Section 10.6, the disposition of such Commitments or Notes or any interests therein shall at all times remain within its exclusive control) (iv) it will not provide any information obtained by it in its capacity as a Purchaser to any Note Party or any of its Affiliates and (v) neither such Purchaser nor any of its Affiliates owns or controls any trade obligations or Indebtedness of any Note Party (other than the Obligations and obligations owing to Warrant Holder or any of its affiliates in respect of the Warrants) or any Capital Stock of any Note Party (other than the Warrants and any Capital Stock received in connection therewith). 
 (g) Effect of Transfer . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 10.6, as of the Transfer Effective Date (i) the transferee thereunder shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser hereunder to the extent of its interest in the Notes as reflected in the Register and shall thereafter be a party hereto and a Purchaser for all purposes hereof (ii) the transferring Purchaser thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been transferred to the transferee, relinquish its rights (other than any rights that survive the termination hereof under Section 10.8) and be released from its obligations hereunder (and, in the case of transfer covering all or the remaining portion of a transferring Purchaser s rights and obligations hereunder, such Purchaser shall cease to be a party hereto on the Transfer Effective Date provided that anything contained in any of the Note Documents to the contrary notwithstanding and (y) such transferring Purchaser shall continue to be entitled to the benefit of all indemnities hereunder as specified herein with respect to matters arising out of the prior involvement of such transferring Purchaser as a Purchaser hereunder) and (iii) the transferring Purchaser shall, upon the effectiveness of such transfer or as promptly thereafter as practicable, surrender its existing Note to Company for cancellation, and thereupon Company shall issue and deliver a new Note to such transferee and or to such transferring Purchaser, with appropriate insertions, to reflect the outstanding Notes of the transferee and or the transferring Purchaser. 
 (h) Reserved . 
 (i) Certain other Transfers . In addition to any other transfer permitted pursuant to this Section 10.6, any Purchaser may assign, pledge and or grant a security interest in, all or any portion of its Notes, the other Obligations owed by or to such Purchaser, and its Notes to secure obligations of such Purchaser including to any Federal Reserve Bank as collateral security pursuant to Regulation A of the Board of Governors and any operating circular issued by such Federal Reserve Bank provided, that no Purchaser, as between Company and such Purchaser, shall be relieved of any of its obligations hereunder as a result of any such transfer and pledge, and 
 -79- 

provided further, that in no event shall the applicable Federal Reserve Bank, pledgee or trustee be considered to be a Purchaser or be entitled to require the transferring Purchaser to take or omit to take any action hereunder. 
 10.7 Independence of Covenants . All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would otherwise be within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default if such action is taken or condition exists. 
 10.8 Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements . All representations, warranties and agreements made herein shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and the occurrence of any Credit Date. Notwithstanding anything herein or implied by law to the contrary, the agreements of each Note Party set forth in Sections 2.17(c), 2.18, 2.19, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, and 10.10 and the agreements of Purchaser set forth in 2.16, 9.3(b) and 9.6 shall survive the Payment in Full of the Obligations. 
 10.9 No Waiver Remedies Cumulative . No failure or delay on the part of Collateral Agent or any Purchaser in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder or under any Note Document shall impair such power, right or privilege or be construed to be a waiver of any default or acquiescence therein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right or privilege. The rights, powers and remedies given to Collateral Agent and each Purchaser hereby are cumulative and shall be in addition to and independent of all rights, powers and remedies existing by virtue of any statute or rule of law or in any of the other Note Documents. Any forbearance or failure to exercise, and any delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall not impair any such right, power or remedy or be construed to be a waiver thereof, nor shall it preclude the further exercise of any such right, power or remedy. 
 10.10 Marshalling Payments Set Aside . Neither Collateral Agent nor any Purchaser shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Note Party or any other Person or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations. To the extent that any Note Party makes a payment or payments to the Purchasers or Collateral Agent or Collateral Agent or any Purchaser enforces any security interests or exercises any right of setoff, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or setoff or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside and or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, any other state or federal law, common law or any equitable cause, then, to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies therefor or related thereto, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment or payments had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 
 10.11 Severability . In case any provision in or obligation hereunder or under any Note Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby (it being understood that the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of itself affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction). The parties hereto shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid, legal and enforceable provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as reasonably possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 
 10.12 Obligations Several Actions in Concert . The obligations of Purchasers hereunder are several and no Purchaser shall be responsible for the obligations or Commitment of any other Purchaser hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other Note Document, and no action taken by Purchasers pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity. Anything in this Agreement or any other Note Document to the contrary notwithstanding, each Purchaser hereby agrees with each other Purchaser that no Purchaser shall take any action to protect or enforce its rights arising out of this Agreement or any Note or otherwise with respect to the Obligations without first obtaining the prior written consent of Requisite Purchasers (as applicable), it being the intent of Purchasers that any such action to protect or enforce rights under this Agreement or any other Note Document with respect to the Obligations shall be taken in concert and at the direction or with the consent of Requisite Purchasers (as applicable). 
 10.13 Headings . Section headings herein are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 
 10.14 APPLICABLE LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER (INCLUDING ANY CLAIMS SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW OR TORT LAW ARISING OUT OF THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND ANY DETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO POST-JUDGMENT INTEREST) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT 
 -80- 

REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 10.15 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . (A) SUBJECT TO CLAUSE (V) OF THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE, ALL JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS BROUGHT AGAINST ANY PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING HERETO OR ANY OTHER NOTE DOCUMENT, OR ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS, SHALL BE BROUGHT IN ANY FEDERAL COURT OF THE U.S. SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN OR, IF THAT COURT DOES NOT HAVE SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION, IN ANY STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE CITY AND COUNTY OF NEW YORK. BY EXECUTING AND DELIVERING THIS AGREEMENT, EACH NOTE PARTY, FOR ITSELF AND IN CONNECTION WITH ITS PROPERTIES, IRREVOCABLY (I) ACCEPTS GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY THE EXCLUSIVE (SUBJECT TO CLAUSE (V) BELOW) JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF SUCH COURTS (II) WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS (III) AGREES THAT SERVICE OF ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, TO THE APPLICABLE NOTE PARTY AT ITS ADDRESS PROVIDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 10.1 (IV) AGREES THAT SERVICE AS PROVIDED IN CLAUSE (III) ABOVE IS SUFFICIENT TO CONFER PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER THE APPLICABLE NOTE PARTY IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND OTHERWISE CONSTITUTES EFFECTIVE AND BINDING SERVICE IN EVERY RESPECT AND (V) AGREES THAT COLLATERAL AGENT AND PURCHASERS RETAIN THE RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY NOTE PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS UNDER ANY NOTE DOCUMENT OR AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF, AND CONSENTS TO VENUE IN, ANY SUCH COURT. 
 10.16 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY AGREES TO WAIVE ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OF THE OTHER NOTE DOCUMENTS OR ANY DEALINGS BETWEEN THEM RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS NOTE TRANSACTION OR THE PURCHASER ISSUER RELATIONSHIP THAT IS BEING ESTABLISHED. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP THAT EACH HAS ALREADY RELIED ON THIS WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, AND THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THIS WAIVER IN ITS RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. EACH PARTY HERETO FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING (OTHER THAN BY A MUTUAL WRITTEN WAIVER SPECIFICALLY REFERRING TO THIS SECTION 10.16 AND EXECUTED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO), AND THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS HERETO OR ANY OF THE OTHER NOTE DOCUMENTS OR TO ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE NOTES MADE HEREUNDER. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT. 
 10.17 Confidentiality . Collateral Agent and each Purchaser shall hold all non-public information regarding Company and its Subsidiaries and their businesses identified as such by Company and obtained by Collateral Agent or such Purchaser pursuant to the requirements hereof in accordance with Collateral Agent s or such Purchaser s customary procedures for handling confidential information of such nature, it being understood and agreed by each Note Party that, in any event, Collateral Agent and any Purchaser may make (i) disclosures of such information to Affiliates of such Purchaser or Collateral Agent and to their respective officers, Directors, partners, members, employees, legal counsel, independent auditors and other advisors, experts, or agents on a confidential basis (and to other Persons authorized by a Purchaser or Collateral Agent to organize, present or disseminate such information in connection with disclosures otherwise made in accordance with this Section 10.17), (ii) disclosures of such information reasonably required by any potential or prospective assignee or transferee in connection with the contemplated assignment or transfer of any Notes or by any direct or indirect contractual counterparties (or the professional advisors thereto) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Note Party and its obligations (provided that such assignees, transferees, counterparties and advisors are advised of and agree to be bound by either the provisions of this Section 10.17 or other substantially similar confidentiality restrictions), (iii) disclosure on a confidential basis to any rating agency when required by it, (iv) disclosure on a confidential basis to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with 
 -81- 

respect to the Notes, (v) disclosures in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Note Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Note Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) disclosures made pursuant to the order of any court or administrative agency or in any pending legal or administrative proceeding, or otherwise as required by applicable law or compulsory legal process (in which case such Person agrees to inform Company promptly thereof to the extent not prohibited by law), (vii) disclosures made upon the request or demand of any regulatory or quasi-regulatory authority (including the NAIC) purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or any of its Affiliates, (viii) disclosure to any Purchasers financing sources provided that prior to any disclosure such financing source is informed of the confidential nature of the information, (ix) disclosure to rating agencies and (x) disclosures with the consent of the relevant Note Party. 
 10.18 Usury Savings Clause . Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the aggregate interest rate charged paid with respect to any of the Obligations, including all charges or fees in connection therewith deemed in the nature of interest under applicable law shall not exceed the Highest Lawful Rate. If the rate of interest (determined without regard to the preceding sentence) under this Agreement at any time exceeds the Highest Lawful Rate, the outstanding amount of the Notes issued hereunder shall bear interest at the Highest Lawful Rate until the total amount of interest due hereunder equals the amount of interest that would have been due hereunder if the stated rates of interest set forth in this Agreement had at all times been in effect. In addition, if when the Notes issued hereunder are Paid in Full the total interest due hereunder (taking into account the increase provided for above) is less than the total amount of interest that would have been due hereunder if the stated rates of interest set forth in this Agreement had at all times been in effect, then to the extent permitted by law, Company shall pay to Purchasers an amount equal to the difference between the amount of interest paid and the amount of interest that would have been paid if the Highest Lawful Rate had at all times been in effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the intention of Purchasers and Company to conform strictly to any applicable usury laws. Accordingly, if Purchaser contracts for, charges, or receives any consideration that constitutes interest in excess of the Highest Lawful Rate, then any such excess shall be cancelled automatically and, if previously paid, shall at such Purchaser s option be applied to the outstanding amount of the Notes issued hereunder or be refunded to Company. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by a Purchaser exceeds the Highest Lawful Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest, throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 10.19 Effectiveness Counterparts . This Agreement shall become effective upon the execution of a counterpart hereof by each of the parties hereto and receipt by Company and Collateral Agent of written notification of such execution and authorization of delivery thereof. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 10.20 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the other Note Documents (including any such other Note Document entered into prior to the date hereof) and the Warrants, reflects the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, made prior to the date hereof. 
 10.21 PATRIOT Act . Each Purchaser hereby notifies each Note Party that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Note Party, which information includes the name and address of each Note Party and other information that will allow such Purchaser to identify such Note Party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. 
 10.22 Electronic Execution of Transfers and Note Documents . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Transfer Agreement or any other Note Document shall in each case be deemed to include electronic signatures, signatures exchanged by electronic transmission, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided, that Collateral Agent may request, and upon any such request the Note Parties shall be obligated to provide, manually executed wet ink signatures to any Note Document. 
 10.23 No Fiduciary Duty . Collateral Agent, each Purchaser, and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Purchasers ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Note 
 -82- 

Parties, their equity holders and or their affiliates. Each Note Party agrees that nothing in the Note Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Purchaser, on the one hand, and such Note Party, its equity holders or its affiliates, on the other. The Note Parties acknowledge and agree that (i) the transactions contemplated by the Note Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Purchasers, on the one hand, and the Note Parties, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Purchaser has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Note Party, its equity holders or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Purchaser has advised, is currently advising or will advise any Note Party, its equity holders or its Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to any Note Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Note Documents and (y) each Purchaser is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of any Note Party, its management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. Each Note Party acknowledges and agrees that it has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. Each Note Party agrees that it will not claim that any Purchaser has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to such Note Party, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. 
 10.24 Reserved . 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 -83- 

Appendix A-1 Notes Purchase Commitment 
 Purchaser Purchase Commitment Acuitas Capital, LLC 25.0 million 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.17>
 4
 exhibit1017-jpxemploymenta.htm
 EX-10.17

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.17 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement is made and entered into as of July 26, 2022 by and between Ontrak, Inc., a Delaware corporation Employer or Company ), and James J. Park, an individual Employee ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. WHEREAS, Employee is currently employed by Employer under the terms of an offer letter agreement dated August 16, 2019 as amended on January 13, 2020 Former Agreement and such Former Agreement is superseded by this Agreement, and any obligations under the Former Agreement are hereby terminated without any further consideration. 
 B. WHEREAS, Employee has experience and expertise applicable to employment with Employer to perform as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of Employer, Employer has agreed to employ Employee and Employee has agreed to enter into such employment, on the terms set forth in this Agreement. 
 C. WHEREAS, Employee acknowledges that this Agreement is necessary for the protection of Employer s investment in its business, good will, products, methods of operation, information, and relationships with its customers and other employees. 
 D. WHEREAS, Employer acknowledges that Employee desires definition of Employee s compensation and benefits, and other terms of Employee s employment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration thereof and of the covenants and conditions contained herein, the parties agree as follows 
 AGREEMENT 
 1. TERM OF AGREEMENT 
 1.1 Term . The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on June 28, 2022 (the Commencement Date and shall continue until the earlier of (a) the date on which it is terminated pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement or (b) three (3) years following the Commencement Date Initial Term ). Upon the expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement will renew for a three (3) year term (the Renewal Term, together with the Initial Term, the Term ), unless either party provides written notice of termination of the Agreement within ninety (90) days of the end of the Initial Term. As used herein, the Employment Period means the period of Employee s employment hereunder (regardless of whether such period ends prior to the end of the Term and regardless of the reason for Employee s termination of employment hereunder). 
 2. EMPLOYMENT 
 2.1 Employment of Employee . Employer agrees to employ Employee to render services on the terms set forth herein. Employee hereby accepts such employment on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 2.2 Position and Duties . Employee shall serve as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of Employer, reporting to Employer s Co-President and Chief Operating Officer, and shall have the general powers, duties and responsibilities of management usually 

James J. Park Employment Agreement 

 vested in those offices in a corporation and such other powers and duties as may be prescribed from time to time by the Company. 
 2.3 Standard of Performance . Employee agrees that Employee will at all times faithfully and industriously and to the best of Employee s ability, experience, and talents perform all the duties that may be required of and from Employee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and consistent with Employee s position. Such duties shall be performed at such place or places as the interests, needs, business, and opportunities of Employer shall reasonably require or render advisable. 
 2.4 Exclusive Service . 
 (a) Employee shall devote substantially all of Employee s business energies and abilities and substantially all of Employee s productive time to the performance of Employee s duties under this Agreement (reasonable absences during holidays and vacations excepted), and shall not, without the prior written consent of Employer, render to others any service of any kind (whether or not for compensation) that, in the opinion of Employer, would materially interfere with the performance of Employee s duties under this Agreement, and 
 (b) Employee shall not, without the prior written consent of Employer, maintain any affiliation with, whether as an agent, consultant, employee, officer, director, trustee or otherwise, nor shall Employee directly or indirectly render any services of an advisory nature or otherwise to, or participate or engage in, any other business activity. 
 3. COMPENSATION 
 3.1 Compensation . During the Employment Period only, Employer shall pay the amounts and provide the benefits described in this Section 3, and Employee agrees to accept such amounts and benefits in full payment for Employee s services under this Agreement. 
 3.2 Base Salary . Employer shall pay to Employee a base salary of three hundred fifty thousand dollars 350,000) annually in equal bi-weekly installments, less applicable taxes. Employee s compensation (including Employee s base salary and discretionary bonus set forth in Section 3.3 below) shall be subject to annual review by Employer based on, among other things, Employee s performance and Employer s progress towards its milestones and profitability. 
 3.3 Discretionary Bonus . Employee is eligible to receive an annual bonus in the sole discretion of Employer. This discretionary bonus will be targeted at fifty percent (50 of Employee s annual base salary and will be based on Employee achieving individual goals and milestones, and the overall performance and profitability of the Company. Except as described in Sections 5.2 and 5.4 below, any such bonus shall be payable in the calendar year following the performance year subject to the Employee s continued employment with Employer through the last day of the applicable performance year. 
 3.4 Fringe Benefits . Subject to Section 3.6 below, Employee will be entitled 
 (a) to participate, on the same basis as other employees of the Company, in any medical, dental, vision, life, short-term and long-term disability insurance and flexible spending accounts (subject to certain co-payments by Employee). Employee s participation in such plans shall be subject to all terms and conditions of such plans, including Employee s ability to satisfy any medical or health requirements imposed by the underwriters of any insurance policies paid to fund the plans and 
 - 2 - 

James J. Park Employment Agreement 

 (b) to participate, on the same basis as other employees of the Company, in the Company s 401(k) plan, with said participation subject to all terms and conditions of such plans. 
 3.5 Paid Time Off . Employee shall be entitled to participate in Employer s flexible vacation policy, subject and pursuant to the terms of such policy as set forth in Employer s vacation policy. 
 3.6 Deduction from Compensation . Employer shall deduct and withhold from all compensation payable to Employee all amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to any present or future law, ordinance, regulation, order, writ, judgment, or decree requiring such deduction and withholding. 
 4. REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES 
 4.1 Travel and Other Expenses . Employer shall pay to or reimburse Employee for those travel, promotional, professional continuing education and licensing costs (to the extent required), professional society membership fees, seminars and similar expenditures incurred by Employee that Employer determines are reasonably necessary for the proper discharge of Employee s duties under this Agreement and for which Employee submits appropriate receipts and indicates the amount, date, location and business character in a timely manner. 
 4.2 Liability Insurance . Employer shall provide Employee with officers and directors insurance, or other liability insurance, consistent with its usual business practices, to cover Employee against all insurable events related to Employee s employment with Employer. 
 4.3 Indemnification . Promptly upon written request from Employee, Employer shall indemnify, and advance expense to Employee, to the fullest extent under applicable law, for all judgments, fines, settlements, losses, costs or expenses (including attorney s fees), arising out of Employee s activities as an agent, employee, officer or director of Employer, or in any other capacity on behalf of or at the request of Employer. Such agreement by Employer shall not be deemed to impair any other obligation of Employer respecting indemnification of Employee otherwise arising out of this or any other agreement or promise of Employer or under any statute. 
 5. TERMINATION 
 5.1 Termination by Employer With Good Cause Employee Resignation . Employer may terminate Employee s employment at any time, with notice for Good Cause (as defined below). Similarly, Employee may resign Employee s employment with Employer at any time, with notice and without Good Reason (as defined below). If Employer terminates Employee s employment with Good Cause, or if Employee resigns without Good Reason, then Employer shall pay Employee s base salary prorated through the date of termination within thirty (30) days of termination, at the rate in effect at the time notice of termination is given, together with any benefits accrued through the date of termination (collectively the Accrued Benefits ). In addition, the stock option award agreements (the Option Agreements for all options to purchase the common stock of the Company granted to Employee during Employee s employment with the Company (the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, in the event Employee s employment is terminated by Employer with Good Cause, the Options to the extent then vested and exercisable as of the date Employee s employment is terminated, and not previously terminated in accordance with the Option Agreements and the Plan, may be exercised within twelve (12) months after such termination date, or on or prior to the Option Expiration Date (as specified and defined in the respective Stock Option Grant Notices for the Options), whichever is earlier. Except with respect 
 - 3 - 

James J. Park Employment Agreement 

 to any outstanding equity compensation agreements and the provisions of Section 4, Employer shall have no further obligations to Employee under this Agreement or any other agreement relating to or arising out of Employee s status as an employee of Employer (as opposed to some other status with respect to Employer, such as a shareholder or holder of a stock option). 
 5.2 Termination Without Good Cause or for Good Reason . Employer shall have the right to terminate Employee s employment (with notice) without Good Cause and Employee shall have the right to terminate Employee s employment (with notice) for Good Reason (each a Qualifying Termination ). If there is a Qualifying Termination then the following provisions in this Section 5.2 shall apply 
 (a) Employer shall provide Employee with the Accrued Benefits 
 (b) Employer shall provide Employee with continued payments of base salary (as if Employee s employment had not terminated) through the sixth month after the termination date provided that the aggregate amount that can be paid under this paragraph shall equal fifty percent of Employee s annual base salary (at the rate in effect at the time of termination, but disregarding any reduction that constitutes Good Reason) The payments provided by this paragraph shall be paid to Employee in substantially equal installments payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices over the six month period provided however that the first such installment will be paid to Employee on the first regular payroll date occurring on or after the 60th day after the termination date and such first installment will include any unpaid amounts that would have otherwise been paid during such period before the first installment payment 
 (c) On the six (6) month anniversary of the date Employee s termination becomes effective, Employer shall pay Employee in a lump sum an amount equal to (6) months base salary (at the rate in effect at the time of termination, but disregarding any reduction that constitutes Good Reason), plus a pro-rata share of any bonus earned for the year of termination Employee acknowledges that any and all bonuses are at the discretion of the Board and at the advice of the Compensation Committee. 
 (d) If Employee timely elects continued coverage under COBRA, Employer will pay Employee s COBRA premiums necessary to continue Employee s coverage (including coverage for eligible dependents, if applicable) COBRA Premiums through the period (the COBRA Premium Period starting on the date of termination and ending on the earliest to occur of (i) twelve months following the date of termination or (ii) the date Employee and Employee s eligible dependents, if applicable, become eligible for group health insurance coverage through a new employer. In the event Employee becomes covered under another employer s group health plan during the COBRA Premium Period, Employee must immediately notify Employer of such event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that its payment of the premiums on Employee s behalf would result in a violation of the nondiscrimination rules of Internal Revenue Code Section 105(h)(2) or any statute or regulation of similar effect (including but not limited to the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then the Company shall instead each month provide Employee with a taxable payment equal to the amount of the Company s portion of the premiums which Employee may, but is not required to, use towards the cost of coverage. 
 (e) The stock award agreements (the Stock Agreements for all common stock granted to Employee by the Company after the Commencement Date and prior to the termination date (collectively, the Granted Stock and the Option Agreements for the Options that were granted to Employee after the Commencement Date and prior to the termination 
 - 4 - 

James J. Park Employment Agreement 

 date shall provide that the Granted Stock and Options will become fully vested (and become exercisable) as of the termination date (but in no case will any Option be exercisable after its Option Expiration Date). In addition, the Option Agreements for the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, any vested portion of the Options not previously terminated in accordance with the Option Agreements and the Plan, may be exercised within twenty-four (24) months after such termination date, or on or prior to the Option Expiration Date (as specified and defined in the respective Stock Option Grant Notices for the Options), whichever is earlier. 
 To be eligible for the severance benefits provided for in this Section 5.2, Employee must have executed and not revoked a full and complete general release of any and all claims against Employer and related persons and entities in the standard form then used by Employer Release ), such that the Release becomes effective by its own terms within 60 days of the date of termination. Upon making all of the applicable severance payments and benefits, except with respect to any outstanding equity compensation agreements and the provisions of Section 4, Employer shall have no further obligations to Employee under this Agreement or any other agreement relating to or arising out of Employee s status as an employee of Employer (as opposed to some other status with respect to Employer, such as a shareholder or holder of a stock option). 
 5.3 Good Cause . For purposes of this Agreement, a termination shall be for Good Cause if Employee, in the subjective, good faith opinion of Employer 
 (a) Commits an act of fraud, moral turpitude, misappropriation of funds or embezzlement in connection with Employee s duties 
 (b) Breaches Employee s fiduciary duty to Employer, including, but not limited to, acts of self-dealing (whether or not for personal profit) 
 (c) Materially breaches this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement (defined below), or Employer s written Codes of Ethics as adopted by the Board 
 (d) Willfully, recklessly or negligently violates any material provision of Employer s written Employee Handbook, or any applicable state or federal law or regulation 
 (e) Fails or refuses (whether willfully, recklessly or negligently) to materially comply with all relevant and material obligations, assumable and personally chargeable to an executive of Employee s corporate rank and responsibilities, under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder (for avoidance of doubt any failure by the Company to comply with foregoing laws and regulations shall not be imputed on to Employee for purposes of this provision) 
 (f) Fails to or refuses to (whether willfully, recklessly or negligently) to perform the responsibilities and duties specified herein (other than a failure caused by temporary disability and provided further that the mere failure to achieve certain goals or objectives (provided Employee has attempted in good faith to achieve such goals and objectives) shall not constitute Good Cause) 
 (g) Is convicted of, or enters a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or misdemeanor under state or federal law in a court of competent jurisdiction, other than a traffic violation or misdemeanor not involving dishonesty or moral turpitude 
 - 5 - 

James J. Park Employment Agreement 

 (h) Becomes listed on the federal debarment list prohibiting participation in Medicare or Medicaid or 
 (i) Fails to return any compensation amount required to be clawed back or returned to Employer by application of any applicable law or regulation. 
 The foregoing is an exhaustive list of the items that constitute Good Cause under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than with respect to clause (g), Good Cause shall only be found to exist if, prior to Employee s termination and within ninety (90) days after the Company s initial awareness of an event of Good Cause, Employer has provided written notice to the Employee describing such Good Cause event(s), and the Employee does not cure such event within ten (10) days following the Employee s receipt of such notice from the Company, and the date of Employee s termination of employment due to such Good Cause occurs within ninety (90) days after the expiration of the foregoing ten (10) day cure period. 
 5.4 Death or Disability . To the extent consistent with federal and state law, upon written notice to Employee, Employer may terminate Employee s employment due to Employee s Disability. Additionally, Employee s employment shall terminate on Employee s death. Disability means (i) Employee s inability to engage in any substantial, gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) Employee is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident or health plan covering Employer s employees. In the event of termination due to death or Disability, Employer shall pay Employee (or Employee s legal representative) Employee s base salary prorated through the date of termination, at the rate in effect at the time of termination, together with any benefits accrued, including, but not limited to, a pro-rata share of any bonus earned for the year of termination, through the date of termination. Any such bonus shall be payable in the calendar year following the performance year. The Stock Agreements for the Granted Stock and the Option Agreements for the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, in the event Employee s employment is terminated due to Employee s death or Disability, all then unvested portions of the Granted Stock and Options will immediately vest in full and, in the case of the Options, be exercisable as of the termination date. In addition, the Option Agreements for the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, in the event Employee s employment is terminated due to Employee s death or Disability, any vested portion of the Options not previously terminated in accordance with the Option Agreements and the Plan, may be exercised within five (5) years after the termination date, or on or prior to the Option Expiration Date (as specified and defined in the respective Stock Option Grant Notices for the Options), whichever is earlier. 
 5.5 Return of Employer Property . Within five (5) days after the Employees termination of employment, Employee shall return to Employer all products, books, records, forms, specifications, formulae, data processes, designs, papers and writings relating to the business of Employer including without limitation proprietary or licensed computer programs, customer lists and customer data, and or copies or duplicates thereof in Employee s possession or under Employee s control. Employee shall not retain any copies or duplicates of such property and all licenses granted to Employee by Employer to use computer programs or software shall be revoked on the termination date. 
 5.6 Good Reason . For purposes of this Agreement, a termination shall be for Good Reason if without Employee s prior written consent, Employer 
 - 6 - 

James J. Park Employment Agreement 

 (a) Materially reduced the material duties and responsibilities assigned to Employee under this Agreement 
 (b) Reduced Employee s base salary 
 (c) Materially breached this Agreement or any other written agreement with Employee or 
 (d) Required relocation of Employee greater than 50 miles from Employee s residence as of the Commencement Date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall only be found to exist if, prior to Employee s resignation and within ninety (90) days after the initial existence of an event of Good Reason, Employee has provided written notice to the Company describing such alleged Good Reason event(s), and the Company does not cure such event within thirty (30) days following the Company s receipt of such notice from Employee, and the date of Employee s termination of employment due to Employee s resignation for Good Reason occurs within ninety (90) days after the expiration of the foregoing thirty (30) day cure period. 
 6. DUTY OF LOYALTY 
 6.1 During the Employment Period, Employee shall not, without the prior written consent of Employer, directly or indirectly render services of a business, professional, or commercial nature to any person or firm, whether for compensation or otherwise, or engage in any activity directly or indirectly competitive with or adverse to the business or welfare of Employer, whether alone, as a partner, or as an officer, director, employee, consultant, or holder of more than one percent (1 of the capital stock of any other corporation. Otherwise, Employee may make personal investments in any other business so long as these investments do not require Employee to participate in the operation of the companies in which Employee invests. 
 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
 7.1 Trade Secrets of Employer . Employee, during the Employment Period, will develop, have access to and become acquainted with various trade secrets and confidential information which are owned by Employer and or its affiliates and which are regularly used in the operation of the businesses of such entities. Employee shall not disclose such trade secrets or confidential information, directly or indirectly, or use them in any way, either during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, except as required in the course of Employee s employment by Employer, provided that the foregoing provisions shall not apply to information that is or becomes public at any time due to no fault of Employee, or which Employee is required to disclose in direct response to a judicial or regulatory order or process. All files, contracts, manuals, reports, letters, forms, documents, notes, notebooks, lists, records, documents, customer lists, vendor lists, purchase information, designs, computer programs and similar items and information, relating to the businesses of such entities, whether prepared by Employee or otherwise and whether now existing or prepared at a future time, coming into Employee s possession shall remain the exclusive property of such entities, and shall not be removed for purposes other than work-related from the premises where the work of Employer is conducted, except with the prior written authorization by Employer. 
 7.2 Confidential Data of Customers of Employer . Employee, in the course of Employee s duties, will have access to and become acquainted with financial, accounting, statistical and personal data of customers of Employer and of their affiliates. All such data is confidential and shall not be disclosed, directly or indirectly, or used by Employee in any way, either during the Employment Period (except as required in the course of employment by 
 - 7 - 

James J. Park Employment Agreement 

 Employer) or at any time thereafter, provided that the foregoing provisions shall not apply to information that is or becomes public at any time due to no fault of Employee, or which Employee is required to disclose in direct response to a judicial or regulatory order or process. 
 7.3 Inevitable Disclosure . After Employee s employment has terminated, Employee shall not accept employment with any competitor of Employer, where the new employment is likely to result in the inevitable disclosure of Employer s trade secrets or confidential information, or it would be impossible for Employee to perform Employee s new job without using or disclosing trade secrets or confidential information. 
 7.4 Continuing Effect . The provisions of this Section 7 shall remain in effect after the end of the Employment Period. 
 8. NO SOLICITATION 
 8.1 No Solicitation of Employees . Employee agrees that Employee will not, during Employee s employment with Employer, and for one (1) year thereafter, encourage or solicit any other employee of Employer to terminate his or her employment for any reason, nor will Employee assist others to do so (provided however that former Company employees and or Company employees responding to general ads or solicitations shall not be covered by this Section 8.1). 
 8.2 No Solicitation of Customers . Employee agrees that Employee will not, during Employee s employment with Employer, and for two (2) years thereafter, directly or indirectly, utilize any Company information protected under the Confidentiality Agreement to solicit any client or customer of Employer known to Employee with respect to any business, products or services that are competitive to the products or services offered by Employer, or under development as of the date of the termination of Employee s employment with Employer for any reason. 
 8.3 No Competition. Employee specifically agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after Employee s employment is terminated or ceases to be employed by Employer for any reason, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, whether individually or through any entity controlled by Employee, on Employee s own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, whether or not for compensation, engage in any business activity, or have any interest in any person, firm, corporation or business, through a subsidiary or parent entity or other entity (whether as a shareholder, agent, joint venturer, security holder, trustee, partner, consultant, creditor lending credit or money for the purpose of establishing or operating any such business, partnership or otherwise) which is competitive with the then existing business of the Employer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee may own shares of competing companies whose securities are publicly traded, so long as such securities do not constitute five percent or more of the outstanding securities of any such company. 
 9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTIES . 
 To the extent permissible under applicable law, all intellectual properties made or conceived by Employee during the term of Employee s employment by Employer shall be the right and property solely of Employer, whether developed independently by Employee or jointly with others. If Employee has not already done so, then on or before the Commencement Date, Employee will sign the Employer s standard Employee Innovation, Proprietary Information and Confidentiality Agreement Confidentiality Agreement ). 
 10. OTHER PROVISIONS 
 - 8 - 

James J. Park Employment Agreement 

 10.1 Compliance With Other Agreements . Employee represents and warrants to Employer that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not conflict with or result in the violation or breach of any term or provision of any order, judgment, injunction, contract, agreement, commitment or other arrangement to which Employee is a party or by which Employee is bound. 
 10.2 Injunctive Relief . Employee acknowledges that the services to be rendered under this Agreement and the items described in Sections 6, 7, 8 and 9 of this Agreement are of a special, unique and extraordinary character, that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services or to compensate Employer in money damages for a breach of this Agreement. Accordingly, Employee agrees and consents that if Employee violates any of the provisions of this Agreement, Employer, in addition to any other rights and remedies available under this Agreement or otherwise, shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief, without the necessity of posting any bond or other undertaking in connection therewith. 
 10.3 Attorneys Fees . The prevailing party in any suit or other proceeding brought to enforce, interpret or apply any provisions of this Agreement, shall be entitled to recover all costs and expenses (not limited to court costs and including, without limitation, all attorneys fees) it incurred in connection with the proceeding and the underlying dispute. 
 10.4 Counsel . The parties acknowledge and represent that, prior to the execution of this Agreement, they have had an opportunity to consult with their respective counsel concerning the terms and conditions set forth herein. Additionally, Employee represents that Employee has had an opportunity to receive independent legal advice concerning the taxability of any consideration received under this Agreement. Employee has not relied upon any advice from Employer and or its attorneys with respect to the taxability of any consideration received under this Agreement. Employee further acknowledges that Employer has not made any representations to Employee with respect to tax issues. 
 10.5 Nondelegable Duties . This is a contract for Employee s personal services. The duties of Employee under this Agreement are personal and may not be delegated or transferred in any manner whatsoever, and shall not be subject to involuntary alienation, assignment or transfer by Employee during Employee s life. 
 10.6 Governing Law . The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws, without regard to the laws as to choice or conflict of laws, of the State of Nevada. 
 10.7 Venue . If any dispute arises regarding the application, interpretation or enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, including fraud in the inducement, such dispute shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration pursuant to the terms set forth in Employer s arbitration policy. 
 10.8 No Punitive Damages . If any dispute arises regarding the application, interpretation or enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, including fraud in the inducement, the parties hereby waive their right to seek punitive damages in connection with said dispute. 
 10.9 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if any invalid or unenforceable provision were omitted. 
 - 9 - 

James J. Park Employment Agreement 

 10.10 Binding Effect . The provisions of this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 10.11 Notice . Any notices or communications required or permitted by this Agreement shall be deemed sufficiently given if in writing and when delivered personally or forty-eight (48) hours after deposit with the United States Postal Service as registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and addressed as follows 
 (a) If to Employer, to the principal office of Employer in the State of Nevada, marked Attention Human Resources or 
 (b) If to Employee, to the most recent address for Employee appearing in Employer s records. 
 10.12 Headings . The Section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 10.13 Section 409A Compliance . 
 (a) This Agreement is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A ), and, to the extent practicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner so that any amount or benefit payable hereunder shall be paid or provided in a manner that is either exempt from or compliant with the requirements of Section 409A and applicable Internal Revenue Service guidance and Treasury Regulations issued thereunder. Terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms under Section 409A if, and to the extent required, in order to comply with Section 409A. 
 (b) For purposes of amounts payable under this Agreement, the termination of employment shall be deemed to be effective upon separation from service with Employer, as defined under Section 409A and the guidance issued thereunder. Any payments subject to Section 409A that are subject to execution of a waiver and release which may be executed and or revoked in a calendar year following the calendar year in which the payment event (such as termination of employment) occurs shall commence payment only in such following calendar year as necessary to comply with Section 409A. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required to avoid additional taxes and interest charged under Section 409A, if any of Employer s stock is publicly traded and Employee is deemed to be a specified employee as determined by Employer for purposes of Section 409A, Employee agrees that any non-qualified deferred compensation payments due to Employee under this Agreement (or any other agreement) and which are payable as a result of Employee s termination of employment that would otherwise have been payable at any time during the six (6)-month period immediately following such termination of employment shall not be paid prior to, and shall instead be payable in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh (7 th month following Employee s separation from service (or, if Employee dies during such period, within 30 days after Employee s death). 
 (d) Neither Employer nor Employee shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of, offset or assign any payment under this Agreement that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, except to the extent specifically permitted or required by Section 409A of the Code. 
 - 10 - 

James J. Park Employment Agreement 

 (e) If Employee is entitled to be paid or reimbursed for any taxable expenses under this Agreement, and such payments or reimbursements are includible in Employee s federal gross taxable income, the amount of such expenses reimbursable in any one calendar year shall not affect the amount reimbursable in any other calendar year, and the reimbursement of an eligible expense must be made no later than December 31 of the year after the year in which the expense was incurred. No right of Employee to reimbursement of expenses under this Agreement shall be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the tax treatment of the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed. To the extent that this Agreement or any payment or benefit hereunder shall be deemed not to comply with Section 409A, neither Employer, nor the Board, nor any member of its Compensation Committee, nor any of their successors shall be liable to Employee or to any other person for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by Employee as a result of the application of Section 409A or for reporting in good faith any amounts as subject thereto. 
 10.14 Amendment and Waiver . This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only by a writing executed by each of the parties, which in the case of Employer must be Employer s Chief Executive Officer. Either party may in writing waive any provision of this Agreement to the extent such provision is for the benefit of the waiving party. Any such waiver by Employer must be signed by Employer s Chief Executive Officer. No waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any subsequent or different breach, and no forbearance by a party to seek a remedy for noncompliance or breach by the other party shall be construed as a waiver of any right or remedy with respect to such noncompliance or breach. 
 10.15 Entire Agreement . This Agreement is the only agreement and understanding between the parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements, summaries of agreements, descriptions of compensation packages, discussions, negotiations, understandings, representations or warranties, whether verbal or written, between the parties pertaining to such subject matter including without limitation the Former Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 EMPLOYEE 
 s James J. Park 
 James J. Park 
 EMPLOYER 
 ONTRAK, INC. 
 By s Terren Peizer 
 Terren Peizer 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 - 11 - 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 5
 exhibit1018-jfxemploymenta.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.18 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement is made and entered into as of July 26, 2022 by and between Ontrak, Inc., a Delaware corporation Employer or Company ), and Judith Feld an individual Employee ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. WHEREAS, Employee is currently employed by Employer under the terms of an offer letter agreement dated June 1, 2020 Former Agreement and such Former Agreement is superseded by this Agreement, and any obligations under the Former Agreement are hereby terminated without any further consideration. 
 B. WHEREAS, Employee has experience and expertise applicable to employment with Employer to perform as Chief Medical Officer of Employer, Employer has agreed to employ Employee and Employee has agreed to enter into such employment, on the terms set forth in this Agreement. 
 C. WHEREAS, Employee acknowledges that this Agreement is necessary for the protection of Employer s investment in its business, good will, products, methods of operation, information, and relationships with its customers and other employees. 
 D. WHEREAS, Employer acknowledges that Employee desires definition of Employee s compensation and benefits, and other terms of Employee s employment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration thereof and of the covenants and conditions contained herein, the parties agree as follows 
 AGREEMENT 
 1. TERM OF AGREEMENT 
 1.1 Term . The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on July 26, 2022 (the Commencement Date and shall continue until the earlier of (a) the date on which it is terminated pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement or (b) three (3) years following the Commencement Date Initial Term ). Upon the expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement will renew for a three (3) year term (the Renewal Term, together with the Initial Term, the Term ), unless either party provides written notice of termination of the Agreement within ninety (90) days of the end of the Initial Term. As used herein, the Employment Period means the period of Employee s employment hereunder (regardless of whether such period ends prior to the end of the Term and regardless of the reason for Employee s termination of employment hereunder). 
 2. EMPLOYMENT 
 2.1 Employment of Employee . Employer agrees to employ Employee to render services on the terms set forth herein. Employee hereby accepts such employment on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 2.2 Position and Duties . Employee shall serve as Chief Medical Officer of Employer, reporting to Employer s Co-President and Chief Operating Officer, and shall have the general powers, duties and responsibilities of management usually vested in those offices in a 

Judith Feld Employment Agreement 

 corporation and such other powers and duties as may be prescribed from time to time by the Company. 
 2.3 Standard of Performance . Employee agrees that Employee will at all times faithfully and industriously and to the best of Employee s ability, experience, and talents perform all the duties that may be required of and from Employee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and consistent with Employee s position. Such duties shall be performed at such place or places as the interests, needs, business, and opportunities of Employer shall reasonably require or render advisable. 
 2.4 Exclusive Service . 
 (a) Employee shall devote substantially all of Employee s business energies and abilities and substantially all of Employee s productive time to the performance of Employee s duties under this Agreement (reasonable absences during holidays and vacations excepted), and shall not, without the prior written consent of Employer, render to others any service of any kind (whether or not for compensation) that, in the opinion of Employer, would materially interfere with the performance of Employee s duties under this Agreement, and 
 (b) Employee shall not, without the prior written consent of Employer, maintain any affiliation with, whether as an agent, consultant, employee, officer, director, trustee or otherwise, nor shall Employee directly or indirectly render any services of an advisory nature or otherwise to, or participate or engage in, any other business activity. 
 3. COMPENSATION 
 3.1 Compensation . During the Employment Period only, Employer shall pay the amounts and provide the benefits described in this Section 3, and Employee agrees to accept such amounts and benefits in full payment for Employee s services under this Agreement. 
 3.2 Base Salary . Employer shall pay to Employee a base salary of three hundred fifty thousand dollars 350,000) annually in equal bi-weekly installments, less applicable taxes. Employee s compensation (including Employee s base salary and discretionary bonus set forth in Section 3.3 below) shall be subject to annual review by Employer based on, among other things, Employee s performance and Employer s progress towards its milestones and profitability. 
 3.3 Signing Bonus . As agreement to remain employed for a minimum of 12 months, Employer shall pay to Employee on the first payroll following the Effective Date, a one-time lump sum signing bonus totaling Fifty Thousand dollars 50,000) (the Signing Bonus ), less applicable taxes and withholdings. Should the Employee voluntarily leave service any time prior to the end of 12 months or is terminated by the Employer with Good Cause (as defined in Section 5.3), Employee agrees Employee will pay back to the Company the full amount of the Signing Bonus within 30 days of Employee s date of termination. It is expressly agreed that a Termination for Good Reason shall not be deemed voluntary. 
 3.4 Discretionary Bonus . Employee is eligible to receive an annual bonus in the sole discretion of Employer. This discretionary bonus will be targeted at fifty percent (50 of Employee s annual base salary and will be based on Employee achieving individual goals and milestones, and the overall performance and profitability of the Company. Except as described in Sections 5.2 and 5.4 below, any such bonus shall be payable in the calendar year 
 - 2 - 

Judith Feld Employment Agreement 

 following the performance year subject to the Employee s continued employment with Employer through the last day of the applicable performance year. 
 3.5 Fringe Benefits . Subject to Section 3.6 below, Employee will be entitled 
 (a) to participate, on the same basis as other employees of the Company, in any medical, dental, vision, life, short-term and long-term disability insurance and flexible spending accounts (subject to certain co-payments by Employee). Employee s participation in such plans shall be subject to all terms and conditions of such plans, including Employee s ability to satisfy any medical or health requirements imposed by the underwriters of any insurance policies paid to fund the plans and 
 (b) to participate, on the same basis as other employees of the Company, in the Company s 401(k) plan, with said participation subject to all terms and conditions of such plans. 
 3.6 Paid Time Off . Employee shall be entitled to participate in Employer s flexible vacation policy, subject and pursuant to the terms of such policy as set forth in Employer s vacation policy. 
 3.7 Deduction from Compensation . Employer shall deduct and withhold from all compensation payable to Employee all amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to any present or future law, ordinance, regulation, order, writ, judgment, or decree requiring such deduction and withholding. 
 4. REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES 
 4.1 Travel and Other Expenses . Employer shall pay to or reimburse Employee for those travel, promotional, professional continuing education and licensing costs (to the extent required), professional society membership fees, seminars and similar expenditures incurred by Employee that Employer determines are reasonably necessary for the proper discharge of Employee s duties under this Agreement and for which Employee submits appropriate receipts and indicates the amount, date, location and business character in a timely manner. 
 4.2 Liability Insurance . Employer shall provide Employee with officers and directors insurance, or other liability insurance, consistent with its usual business practices, to cover Employee against all insurable events related to Employee s employment with Employer. 
 4.3 Indemnification . Promptly upon written request from Employee, Employer shall indemnify, and advance expense to Employee, to the fullest extent under applicable law, for all judgments, fines, settlements, losses, costs or expenses (including attorney s fees), arising out of Employee s activities as an agent, employee, officer or director of Employer, or in any other capacity on behalf of or at the request of Employer. Such agreement by Employer shall not be deemed to impair any other obligation of Employer respecting indemnification of Employee otherwise arising out of this or any other agreement or promise of Employer or under any statute. 
 5. TERMINATION 
 5.1 Termination by Employer With Good Cause Employee Resignation . Employer may terminate Employee s employment at any time, with notice for Good Cause (as defined below). Similarly, Employee may resign Employee s employment with Employer at any time, with notice and without Good Reason (as defined below). If Employer 
 - 3 - 

Judith Feld Employment Agreement 

 terminates Employee s employment with Good Cause, or if Employee resigns without Good Reason, then Employer shall pay Employee s base salary prorated through the date of termination within thirty (30) days of termination, at the rate in effect at the time notice of termination is given, together with any benefits accrued through the date of termination (collectively the Accrued Benefits ). In addition, the stock option award agreements (the Option Agreements for all options to purchase the common stock of the Company granted to Employee during Employee s employment with the Company (the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, in the event Employee s employment is terminated by Employer with Good Cause, the Options to the extent then vested and exercisable as of the date Employee s employment is terminated, and not previously terminated in accordance with the Option Agreements and the Plan, may be exercised within twelve (12) months after such termination date, or on or prior to the Option Expiration Date (as specified and defined in the respective Stock Option Grant Notices for the Options), whichever is earlier. Except with respect to any outstanding equity compensation agreements and the provisions of Section 4, Employer shall have no further obligations to Employee under this Agreement or any other agreement relating to or arising out of Employee s status as an employee of Employer (as opposed to some other status with respect to Employer, such as a shareholder or holder of a stock option). 
 5.2 Termination Without Good Cause or for Good Reason . Employer shall have the right to terminate Employee s employment (with notice) without Good Cause and Employee shall have the right to terminate Employee s employment (with notice) for Good Reason (each a Qualifying Termination ). If there is a Qualifying Termination then the following provisions in this Section 5.2 shall apply 
 (a) Employer shall provide Employee with the Accrued Benefits 
 (b) Employer shall provide Employee with continued payments of base salary (as if Employee s employment had not terminated) through the sixth month after the termination date provided that the aggregate amount that can be paid under this paragraph shall equal fifty percent of Employee s annual base salary (at the rate in effect at the time of termination, but disregarding any reduction that constitutes Good Reason) The payments provided by this paragraph shall be paid to Employee in substantially equal installments payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices over the six month period provided however that the first such installment will be paid to Employee on the first regular payroll date occurring on or after the 60th day after the termination date and such first installment will include any unpaid amounts that would have otherwise been paid during such period before the first installment payment 
 (c) On the six (6) month anniversary of the date Employee s termination becomes effective, Employer shall pay Employee in a lump sum an amount equal to (6) months base salary (at the rate in effect at the time of termination, but disregarding any reduction that constitutes Good Reason), plus a pro-rata share of any bonus earned for the year of termination Employee acknowledges that any and all bonuses are at the discretion of the Board and at the advice of the Compensation Committee. 
 (d) If Employee timely elects continued coverage under COBRA, Employer will pay Employee s COBRA premiums necessary to continue Employee s coverage (including coverage for eligible dependents, if applicable) COBRA Premiums through the period (the COBRA Premium Period starting on the date of termination and ending on the earliest to occur of (i) twelve months following the date of termination or (ii) the date Employee and Employee s eligible dependents, if applicable, become eligible for group health insurance coverage through a new employer. In the event Employee becomes covered under another employer s group health plan during the COBRA Premium Period, Employee must 
 - 4 - 

Judith Feld Employment Agreement 

 immediately notify Employer of such event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that its payment of the premiums on Employee s behalf would result in a violation of the nondiscrimination rules of Internal Revenue Code Section 105(h)(2) or any statute or regulation of similar effect (including but not limited to the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then the Company shall instead each month provide Employee with a taxable payment equal to the amount of the Company s portion of the premiums which Employee may, but is not required to, use towards the cost of coverage. 
 (e) The stock award agreements (the Stock Agreements for all common stock granted to Employee by the Company after the Commencement Date and prior to the termination date (collectively, the Granted Stock and the Option Agreements for the Options that were granted to Employee after the Commencement Date and prior to the termination date shall provide that the Granted Stock and Options will become fully vested (and become exercisable) as of the termination date (but in no case will any Option be exercisable after its Option Expiration Date). In addition, the Option Agreements for the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, any vested portion of the Options not previously terminated in accordance with the Option Agreements and the Plan, may be exercised within twenty-four (24) months after such termination date, or on or prior to the Option Expiration Date (as specified and defined in the respective Stock Option Grant Notices for the Options), whichever is earlier. 
 To be eligible for the severance benefits provided for in this Section 5.2, Employee must have executed and not revoked a full and complete general release of any and all claims against Employer and related persons and entities in the standard form then used by Employer Release ), such that the Release becomes effective by its own terms within 60 days of the date of termination. Upon making all of the applicable severance payments and benefits, except with respect to any outstanding equity compensation agreements and the provisions of Section 4, Employer shall have no further obligations to Employee under this Agreement or any other agreement relating to or arising out of Employee s status as an employee of Employer (as opposed to some other status with respect to Employer, such as a shareholder or holder of a stock option). 
 5.3 Good Cause . For purposes of this Agreement, a termination shall be for Good Cause if Employee, in the subjective, good faith opinion of Employer 
 (a) Commits an act of fraud, moral turpitude, misappropriation of funds or embezzlement in connection with Employee s duties 
 (b) Breaches Employee s fiduciary duty to Employer, including, but not limited to, acts of self-dealing (whether or not for personal profit) 
 (c) Materially breaches this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement (defined below), or Employer s written Codes of Ethics as adopted by the Board 
 (d) Willfully, recklessly or negligently violates any material provision of Employer s written Employee Handbook, or any applicable state or federal law or regulation 
 (e) Fails or refuses (whether willfully, recklessly or negligently) to materially comply with all relevant and material obligations, assumable and personally chargeable to an executive of Employee s corporate rank and responsibilities, under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated 
 - 5 - 

Judith Feld Employment Agreement 

 thereunder (for avoidance of doubt any failure by the Company to comply with foregoing laws and regulations shall not be imputed on to Employee for purposes of this provision) 
 (f) Fails to or refuses to (whether willfully, recklessly or negligently) to perform the responsibilities and duties specified herein (other than a failure caused by temporary disability and provided further that the mere failure to achieve certain goals or objectives (provided Employee has attempted in good faith to achieve such goals and objectives) shall not constitute Good Cause) 
 (g) Is convicted of, or enters a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony or misdemeanor under state or federal law in a court of competent jurisdiction, other than a traffic violation or misdemeanor not involving dishonesty or moral turpitude 
 (h) Becomes listed on the federal debarment list prohibiting participation in Medicare or Medicaid or 
 (i) Fails to return any compensation amount required to be clawed back or returned to Employer by application of any applicable law or regulation. 
 The foregoing is an exhaustive list of the items that constitute Good Cause under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than with respect to clause (g), Good Cause shall only be found to exist if, prior to Employee s termination and within ninety (90) days after the Company s initial awareness of an event of Good Cause, Employer has provided written notice to the Employee describing such Good Cause event(s), and the Employee does not cure such event within ten (10) days following the Employee s receipt of such notice from the Company, and the date of Employee s termination of employment due to such Good Cause occurs within ninety (90) days after the expiration of the foregoing ten (10) day cure period. 
 5.4 Death or Disability . To the extent consistent with federal and state law, upon written notice to Employee, Employer may terminate Employee s employment due to Employee s Disability. Additionally, Employee s employment shall terminate on Employee s death. Disability means (i) Employee s inability to engage in any substantial, gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) Employee is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident or health plan covering Employer s employees. In the event of termination due to death or Disability, Employer shall pay Employee (or Employee s legal representative) Employee s base salary prorated through the date of termination, at the rate in effect at the time of termination, together with any benefits accrued, including, but not limited to, a pro-rata share of any bonus earned for the year of termination, through the date of termination. Any such bonus shall be payable in the calendar year following the performance year. The Stock Agreements for the Granted Stock and the Option Agreements for the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, in the event Employee s employment is terminated due to Employee s death or Disability, all then unvested portions of the Granted Stock and Options will immediately vest in full and, in the case of the Options, be exercisable as of the termination date. In addition, the Option Agreements for the Options shall provide that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Plan, in the event Employee s employment is terminated due to Employee s death or Disability, any vested portion of the Options not previously terminated in accordance with the Option Agreements and the Plan, may be exercised within five (5) years after the termination date, or on or prior to the Option Expiration Date (as specified and defined in the respective Stock Option Grant Notices for the Options), whichever is earlier. 
 - 6 - 

Judith Feld Employment Agreement 

 5.5 Return of Employer Property . Within five (5) days after the Employees termination of employment, Employee shall return to Employer all products, books, records, forms, specifications, formulae, data processes, designs, papers and writings relating to the business of Employer including without limitation proprietary or licensed computer programs, customer lists and customer data, and or copies or duplicates thereof in Employee s possession or under Employee s control. Employee shall not retain any copies or duplicates of such property and all licenses granted to Employee by Employer to use computer programs or software shall be revoked on the termination date. 
 5.6 Good Reason . For purposes of this Agreement, a termination shall be for Good Reason if without Employee s prior written consent, Employer 
 (a) Materially reduced the material duties and responsibilities assigned to Employee under this Agreement 
 (b) Reduced Employee s base salary 
 (c) Materially breached this Agreement or any other written agreement with Employee or 
 (d) Required relocation of Employee greater than 50 miles from Employee s residence as of the Commencement Date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall only be found to exist if, prior to Employee s resignation and within ninety (90) days after the initial existence of an event of Good Reason, Employee has provided written notice to the Company describing such alleged Good Reason event(s), and the Company does not cure such event within thirty (30) days following the Company s receipt of such notice from Employee, and the date of Employee s termination of employment due to Employee s resignation for Good Reason occurs within ninety (90) days after the expiration of the foregoing thirty (30) day cure period. 
 6. DUTY OF LOYALTY 
 6.1 During the Employment Period, Employee shall not, without the prior written consent of Employer, directly or indirectly render services of a business, professional, or commercial nature to any person or firm, whether for compensation or otherwise, or engage in any activity directly or indirectly competitive with or adverse to the business or welfare of Employer, whether alone, as a partner, or as an officer, director, employee, consultant, or holder of more than one percent (1 of the capital stock of any other corporation. Otherwise, Employee may make personal investments in any other business so long as these investments do not require Employee to participate in the operation of the companies in which Employee invests. 
 7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
 7.1 Trade Secrets of Employer . Employee, during the Employment Period, will develop, have access to and become acquainted with various trade secrets and confidential information which are owned by Employer and or its affiliates and which are regularly used in the operation of the businesses of such entities. Employee shall not disclose such trade secrets or confidential information, directly or indirectly, or use them in any way, either during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, except as required in the course of Employee s employment by Employer, provided that the foregoing provisions shall not apply to information that is or becomes public at any time due to no fault of Employee, or which Employee is required to disclose in direct response to a judicial or regulatory order or process. All files, contracts, manuals, reports, letters, forms, documents, notes, notebooks, lists, records, documents, 
 - 7 - 

Judith Feld Employment Agreement 

 customer lists, vendor lists, purchase information, designs, computer programs and similar items and information, relating to the businesses of such entities, whether prepared by Employee or otherwise and whether now existing or prepared at a future time, coming into Employee s possession shall remain the exclusive property of such entities, and shall not be removed for purposes other than work-related from the premises where the work of Employer is conducted, except with the prior written authorization by Employer. 
 7.2 Confidential Data of Customers of Employer . Employee, in the course of Employee s duties, will have access to and become acquainted with financial, accounting, statistical and personal data of customers of Employer and of their affiliates. All such data is confidential and shall not be disclosed, directly or indirectly, or used by Employee in any way, either during the Employment Period (except as required in the course of employment by Employer) or at any time thereafter, provided that the foregoing provisions shall not apply to information that is or becomes public at any time due to no fault of Employee, or which Employee is required to disclose in direct response to a judicial or regulatory order or process. 
 7.3 Inevitable Disclosure . After Employee s employment has terminated, Employee shall not accept employment with any competitor of Employer, where the new employment is likely to result in the inevitable disclosure of Employer s trade secrets or confidential information, or it would be impossible for Employee to perform Employee s new job without using or disclosing trade secrets or confidential information. 
 7.4 Continuing Effect . The provisions of this Section 7 shall remain in effect after the end of the Employment Period. 
 8. NO SOLICITATION 
 8.1 No Solicitation of Employees . Employee agrees that Employee will not, during Employee s employment with Employer, and for one (1) year thereafter, encourage or solicit any other employee of Employer to terminate his or her employment for any reason, nor will Employee assist others to do so (provided however that former Company employees and or Company employees responding to general ads or solicitations shall not be covered by this Section 8.1). 
 8.2 No Solicitation of Customers . Employee agrees that Employee will not, during Employee s employment with Employer, and for two (2) years thereafter, directly or indirectly, utilize any Company information protected under the Confidentiality Agreement to solicit any client or customer of Employer known to Employee with respect to any business, products or services that are competitive to the products or services offered by Employer, or under development as of the date of the termination of Employee s employment with Employer for any reason. 
 8.3 No Competition. Employee specifically agrees that during the term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after Employee s employment is terminated or ceases to be employed by Employer for any reason, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, whether individually or through any entity controlled by Employee, on Employee s own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, whether or not for compensation, engage in any business activity, or have any interest in any person, firm, corporation or business, through a subsidiary or parent entity or other entity (whether as a shareholder, agent, joint venturer, security holder, trustee, partner, consultant, creditor lending credit or money for the purpose of establishing or operating any such business, partnership or otherwise) which is competitive with the then existing business of the Employer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee may own shares of competing companies whose securities are publicly traded, so long as such securities do not constitute five percent or more of the outstanding securities of any such company. 
 - 8 - 

Judith Feld Employment Agreement 

 9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTIES . 
 To the extent permissible under applicable law, all intellectual properties made or conceived by Employee during the term of Employee s employment by Employer shall be the right and property solely of Employer, whether developed independently by Employee or jointly with others. If Employee has not already done so, then on or before the Commencement Date, Employee will sign the Employer s standard Employee Innovation, Proprietary Information and Confidentiality Agreement Confidentiality Agreement ). 
 10. OTHER PROVISIONS 
 10.1 Compliance With Other Agreements . Employee represents and warrants to Employer that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not conflict with or result in the violation or breach of any term or provision of any order, judgment, injunction, contract, agreement, commitment or other arrangement to which Employee is a party or by which Employee is bound. 
 10.2 Injunctive Relief . Employee acknowledges that the services to be rendered under this Agreement and the items described in Sections 6, 7, 8 and 9 of this Agreement are of a special, unique and extraordinary character, that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services or to compensate Employer in money damages for a breach of this Agreement. Accordingly, Employee agrees and consents that if Employee violates any of the provisions of this Agreement, Employer, in addition to any other rights and remedies available under this Agreement or otherwise, shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief, without the necessity of posting any bond or other undertaking in connection therewith. 
 10.3 Attorneys Fees . The prevailing party in any suit or other proceeding brought to enforce, interpret or apply any provisions of this Agreement, shall be entitled to recover all costs and expenses (not limited to court costs and including, without limitation, all attorneys fees) it incurred in connection with the proceeding and the underlying dispute. 
 10.4 Counsel . The parties acknowledge and represent that, prior to the execution of this Agreement, they have had an opportunity to consult with their respective counsel concerning the terms and conditions set forth herein. Additionally, Employee represents that Employee has had an opportunity to receive independent legal advice concerning the taxability of any consideration received under this Agreement. Employee has not relied upon any advice from Employer and or its attorneys with respect to the taxability of any consideration received under this Agreement. Employee further acknowledges that Employer has not made any representations to Employee with respect to tax issues. 
 10.5 Nondelegable Duties . This is a contract for Employee s personal services. The duties of Employee under this Agreement are personal and may not be delegated or transferred in any manner whatsoever, and shall not be subject to involuntary alienation, assignment or transfer by Employee during Employee s life. 
 10.6 Governing Law . The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws, without regard to the laws as to choice or conflict of laws, of the State of Nevada. 
 10.7 Venue . If any dispute arises regarding the application, interpretation or enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, including fraud in the inducement, such dispute shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration pursuant to the terms set forth in Employer s arbitration policy. 
 - 9 - 

Judith Feld Employment Agreement 

 10.8 No Punitive Damages . If any dispute arises regarding the application, interpretation or enforcement of any provision of this Agreement, including fraud in the inducement, the parties hereby waive their right to seek punitive damages in connection with said dispute. 
 10.9 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if any invalid or unenforceable provision were omitted. 
 10.10 Binding Effect . The provisions of this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 10.11 Notice . Any notices or communications required or permitted by this Agreement shall be deemed sufficiently given if in writing and when delivered personally or forty-eight (48) hours after deposit with the United States Postal Service as registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and addressed as follows 
 (a) If to Employer, to the principal office of Employer in the State of Nevada, marked Attention Human Resources or 
 (b) If to Employee, to the most recent address for Employee appearing in Employer s records. 
 10.12 Headings . The Section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 10.13 Section 409A Compliance . 
 (a) This Agreement is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A ), and, to the extent practicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner so that any amount or benefit payable hereunder shall be paid or provided in a manner that is either exempt from or compliant with the requirements of Section 409A and applicable Internal Revenue Service guidance and Treasury Regulations issued thereunder. Terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms under Section 409A if, and to the extent required, in order to comply with Section 409A. 
 (b) For purposes of amounts payable under this Agreement, the termination of employment shall be deemed to be effective upon separation from service with Employer, as defined under Section 409A and the guidance issued thereunder. Any payments subject to Section 409A that are subject to execution of a waiver and release which may be executed and or revoked in a calendar year following the calendar year in which the payment event (such as termination of employment) occurs shall commence payment only in such following calendar year as necessary to comply with Section 409A. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required to avoid additional taxes and interest charged under Section 409A, if any of Employer s stock is publicly traded and Employee is deemed to be a specified employee as determined by Employer for purposes of Section 409A, Employee agrees that any non-qualified deferred compensation payments due to Employee under this Agreement (or any other agreement) and which are payable as a result of Employee s termination of employment that would otherwise have been payable at any time during the six (6)-month period immediately following such termination of employment shall not be paid prior to, and shall instead be payable in a lump sum 
 - 10 - 

Judith Feld Employment Agreement 

 on the first day of the seventh (7 th month following Employee s separation from service (or, if Employee dies during such period, within 30 days after Employee s death). 
 (d) Neither Employer nor Employee shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery of, offset or assign any payment under this Agreement that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, except to the extent specifically permitted or required by Section 409A of the Code. 
 (e) If Employee is entitled to be paid or reimbursed for any taxable expenses under this Agreement, and such payments or reimbursements are includible in Employee s federal gross taxable income, the amount of such expenses reimbursable in any one calendar year shall not affect the amount reimbursable in any other calendar year, and the reimbursement of an eligible expense must be made no later than December 31 of the year after the year in which the expense was incurred. No right of Employee to reimbursement of expenses under this Agreement shall be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the tax treatment of the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed. To the extent that this Agreement or any payment or benefit hereunder shall be deemed not to comply with Section 409A, neither Employer, nor the Board, nor any member of its Compensation Committee, nor any of their successors shall be liable to Employee or to any other person for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by Employee as a result of the application of Section 409A or for reporting in good faith any amounts as subject thereto. 
 10.14 Amendment and Waiver . This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only by a writing executed by each of the parties, which in the case of Employer must be Employer s Chief Executive Officer. Either party may in writing waive any provision of this Agreement to the extent such provision is for the benefit of the waiving party. Any such waiver by Employer must be signed by Employer s Chief Executive Officer. No waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any subsequent or different breach, and no forbearance by a party to seek a remedy for noncompliance or breach by the other party shall be construed as a waiver of any right or remedy with respect to such noncompliance or breach. 
 10.15 Entire Agreement . This Agreement is the only agreement and understanding between the parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements, summaries of agreements, descriptions of compensation packages, discussions, negotiations, understandings, representations or warranties, whether verbal 
 - 11 - 

Judith Feld Employment Agreement 

 or written, between the parties pertaining to such subject matter including without limitation the Former Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 EMPLOYEE 
 s Judith Feld 
 Judith Feld 
 EMPLOYER 
 ONTRAK, INC. 
 By s Terren Peizer 
 Terren Peizer 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 - 12 - 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 exhibit211-subsidiaries123.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 ONTRAK, INC. 
 Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation LD Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Delaware LifeDojo Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 exhibit231-consentfor123122.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Ontrak, Inc. on Form S3 (Nos. 333-121634, 333-123772, 333-128544, 333-128931, 333-140114, 333-140593, 333-140594, 333-145906, 333-147188, 333-153053, 333-158407, 333-230475, 333-248770, and 333-259329) and Form S8 (Nos. 333-123773, 333-136446, 333-149766, 333-153054, 333-173662, 333-222276, 333-229117, 333-229717, 333-237566, 333-251965, 333-261976, 333-263942, 333-266467, 333-267316, 333-268928 and 333-269341) of our report dated April 17, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about April 17, 2023. 

s EisnerAmper LLP 
 
 EISNERAMPER LLP 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exhibit311-20221231.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13-a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brandon H. LaVerne, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ontrak, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date April 17, 2023 
 s Brandon H. LaVerne Brandon H. LaVerne Interim Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exhibit312-20221231.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13-a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James J. Park, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Ontrak, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date April 17, 2023 
 s JAMES J. PARK James J. Park 
 Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 exhibit321-20221231.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ontrak, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brandon H. LaVerne, Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s BRANDON H. LAVERNE April 17, 2023 Brandon H. LaVerne Date Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 exhibit322-20221231.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ontrak, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James J. Park, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s JAMES J. PARK April 17, 2023 James J. Park Date Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 cats-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 cats-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 cats-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 cats-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 cats-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

