<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230411_10-K_edgar_data_1845942_0001731122-23-000634.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4197349</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>397189</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>854488</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>990496</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>815860</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1043758</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000634.hdr.sgml : 20230411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230411160538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000634
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bannix Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001845942
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40790
		FILM NUMBER:		23813454

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 TICE BLVD
		CITY:			WOODCLIFF LAKE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07677
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2017129800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 TICE BLVD
		CITY:			WOODCLIFF LAKE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07677

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000634.txt : 20230411

10-K
 1
 e4583_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

 , 2022 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 (Commission File Number) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 

300 Tice Boulevard, Suite 315, Woodcliff, NJ 07677 
 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
No 

At
June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was
 , based upon the closing price of 9.97 of the Registrant s common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

As
of April 11, 2023, shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Entity
Voluntary Filer 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

2 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 

 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended
December 31, 2022 

PART I 
 5 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 5 

ITEM
 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 24 

ITEM
 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 54 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 54 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 54 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 54 
 
 PART II 
 55 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 55 

ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 56 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 56 

ITEM
 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 62 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 62 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 62 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 62 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 64 

ITEM
 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 64 
 
 PART III 
 65 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 65 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 72 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 73 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 74 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 76 
 
 PART IV 
 77 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 77 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 78 

3 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some statements contained in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of
the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management
team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections,
forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements.
The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K may include,
for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following in the future. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

4 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

Bannix Acquisition Corp. Bannix 
or the Company is a Delaware company incorporated on January 21, 2021 as a blank check company for the purpose of potentially
entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business
combination, with one or more target businesses. 

The Company s original
sponsors are Subash Menon and Sudeesh Yezhuvath (through their investment entity Bannix Management LLP), Suresh Yezhuvath Yezhuvath and Seema Rao Rao ). On October 20, 2022, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, Instant Fame LLC, a Nevada limited
liability company Instant ), acquired an aggregate of 385,000 shares of common stock of the Company from Bannix Management
LLP. As a result, Doug Davis and Roey Benjamin Schnapp are the Sponsors of the Company through their investment entity Instant (the Sponsors ). 

On September
14, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering IPO of 6,900,000 units at 10.00 per unit (the Units ).
The units sold included the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment. Each Unit consists of one share of our common stock
(the Public Shares ), one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per share and
one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of our common stock upon the consummation of
our initial business combination. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO and the over-allotment, we consummated the issuance of 406,000 private placement units (the Private
Placement Units as follows: we sold 181,000 Private Placement Units to certain investors for aggregate cash proceeds of 2,460,000
and issued an additional 225,000 private placement units to our Sponsors in exchange for the cancellation of 1,105,000 in loans and a
promissory note due to them. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of our common stock, one redeemable warrant to purchase
one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth
(1/10) of one share of our common stock upon the consummation of our Business Combination. Our management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds
are intended to be generally applied toward consummating our Business Combination. 

Upon
the closing of the initial public offering on September 14, 2021, a total of 69,690,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO, the Over-Allotment
and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. 

The
Company extended the deadline by which the Company must complete a business combination by three months, from December 14, 2022 to March
14, 2023. In order to fund the 690,000 deposit required to allow for such extension extension funds ), the Company has
obtained a loan from Instant evidenced by a non-interest-bearing promissory note that is payable only upon the consummation of a
business combination by the Company. 

As
approved by its stockholders at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of the Company held on March 8, 2023, the Company filed an amendment
to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State on March 9, 2023 (the Extension Amendment ),
to extend the date (the Extension by which the Company must (1) complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (an initial
business combination ), (2) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial business
combination, and (3) redeem 100 of the Company s common stock common stock included as part of the units sold in
the Company s initial public offering that was consummated on September 14, 2021 (the IPO ), from March 14, 2023, and
to allow the Company, without another stockholder vote, to further extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis
up to twelve (12) times by an additional one (1) month each time after March 14, 2023 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of
the Company s board of directors (the Board ), if requested by Instant, upon five days advance notice prior
to the applicable deadline date, until March 14, 2024, or a total of up to twelve (12) months after March 14, 2023 (such date as extended,
the Deadline Date ), unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto. 

5 

On
March 13, 2023, the Board, at the request of the Sponsor, determined to implement a first Extension and to extend the Deadline Date for
an additional month to April 14, 2023. In connection with the Sponsor s contribution for the Extension, which was funded on March
10, 2023, on March 13, 2023, Bannix issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor with a principal amount equal to 75,000 (the Extension
Note ). The Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of Bannix s
initial business combination, or (b) the date of Bannix s liquidation. If Bannix does not consummate an initial business combination
by the Deadline Date, the Notes will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise
forgiven. 

As of December 31, 2022, a total
of 71,421,125 including the net proceeds from the IPO, the Private Placement and the extension funds as well as income accrued since
the date of the IPO was being held in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders. 

None of the funds held in trust
will be released from the trust account, other than interest income to pay any tax obligations until the earlier of (i) our consummation
of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial
business combination within 15 months of the closing of the IPO or up to 21 months if the time to complete the business combination is
extended. 

General 

We are a blank check company
formed as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of potentially effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar transaction with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Form 10-K as our initial business
combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region,
although we intend to focus our search on businesses in the customer engagement sector of telecommunications, retail and financial services.
We have not identified any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target. 

We intend to employ a proactive
acquisition strategy focused on identifying potential business combination. We believe strongly in our management team s ability
to add value from both an operating and a financing perspective, which we believe will continue to be central to our differentiated acquisition
strategy. 

Our ideal target company: 

(1) 
 Operates
 in the B2B enterprise software arena with a recurring revenue business model 

(2) 
 Provides
 services to the telecom, financial services, or retail sectors; and 

(3) 
 Utilizes
 big data analytics technologies, advanced artificial intelligence/machine learning algorithms, cloud capabilities, and IoT-friendly
 infrastructure 

Our Management and Business Strategy 

We will seek to create compelling
stockholder value by leveraging the track record, strong network, and complementary experience of our management team and sponsors, which
includes experts in nearly all facets of the telecommunications, retail and financial services sectors and strong expertise in investment
management. Highlights of our team include the following: 

6 

Douglas
Davis, Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Mr. Davis is a seasoned executive with management experience across many areas including M A, capital
raising, sales and business development. 

Since 2001, Mr. Davis has served as the Managing Partner of CoBuilder, Inc., a consulting organization
providing services for large and small corporate entities associated with increasing efficiencies, including increasing market penetration,
revenues and profit. 

From 2008 to 2018, Mr. Davis served as the CEO of BitSpeed LLC, an extreme file transfer software solution. 

From July 2018 to April 2020 Mr. Davis served as the Chief Executive Officer of GBT Technologies, Inc. 

Craig
J. Marshak - Independent Director Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors, and member of Nominating, Governance and Compensations
committees 

Mr. Marshak has a 25-year track record in investment banking, private equity and venture capital, in each
case with a significant Israel-based focus. 

Mr. Marshak has served as the Vice Chairman and Co-Founder of Moringa Acquisition since February 2021
to present. 

Since January 2010, Mr. Marshak has served as Managing Director at Israel Venture Partners, or IVP, a
platform used by him and investment colleagues to identify opportunistic Israel based global growth enterprises. Previously, Mr. Marshak
served as a Managing Director, and the Global Co-Head, of the Nomura Technology Investment Growth Fund, a merchant banking fund operated
from within the London offices of Nomura Securities, focused on growth-stage and venture capital investments in Israel, Silicon Valley
and North America. 

He served as a Director, Investment Banking, in the Restructuring and International Corporate Finance
and Cross-Border Capital Markets groups at Schroders, for both its New York and London offices. 

Jamal
 Jamie Khurshid Independent Director Audit Committee Chair and member of Nominating, and Governance
Committee 

Mr. Khurshid served as an investment banker for over 20 years at Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and
Royal Bank of Scotland before joining Cinnober Financial Technology, the world s leading independent exchange and clearing house
technology provider, as a senior partner where Mr. Khurshid served from 2013 to 2018. 

In 2018, Mr. Khurshid co-founded Digital RFQ, a leading digital payments service. 

From 2020 through 2021, Mr. Khurshid served as the COO of Droit Financial Technology, an enterprise
technology firm. Since 2021, Mr. Khurshid joined Financial Strategies Acquisition Corp in June 2021 as Chief Executive
Officer, subsequently resigning from the position in January 2022 remaining a director of the company. 

Eric
T. Shuss Independent Director Member of Audit, Nominating, Governance and Compensations committees 

Mr. Shuss has extensive knowledge and expertise in growing and running high-tech companies, from start-ups
to thriving ongoing ventures. 

From May 2019 until present, Mr. Shuss has served as a Senior Industry Analyst for Avantiico representing
the company in all customer and partner interactions for its professional services practice. 

Prior to his current role, Mr. Shuss, managed and owned a consulting business, Peryton Systems, from April 2016 to May 2019 which was an independent consulting firm engaged to facilitate the commercialization of innovative technologies in Artificial Intelligence, VR/AR, ERP, Supply Chain and Logistics. 

7 

Ned
L. Siegel - Independent Director Member of Audit, Nominating, Governance and Compensations committees 

In addition to his public service, Ambassador Siegel has over 30
years of entrepreneurial successes. - 

He was appointed by then President George W. Bush as the U.S. Ambassador
to the Commonwealth of the Bahamas from October 2007 to January 2009. 

He was also appointed by President Bush to serve under Ambassador
John R. Bolton at the United Nations in New York, serving as the Senior Advisor to the U.S. Mission and as the U.S. representative to
the 61st Session of the United Nations General Assembly. 

Prior to his ambassadorship, he was appointed to the Board of Directors
of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) from 2003 to 2007. Appointed by then Governor Jeb Bush, he served as a Member of
the Board of Directors of Enterprise Florida, Inc. (EFI) from 1999-2004. EFI is the state of Florida s primary organization promoting
statewide economic development through its public-private partnership . I 

Presently, he serves as President of The Siegel Group, a multi-disciplined
international business management advisory firm specializing in real estate, energy, utilities, infrastructure, financial services, oil
and gas and cyber and secure technology. Ambassador Siegel also serves on the Board of Directors and Advisory Boards of other numerous
public and private companies, and private equity groups. 

Subash Menon, Director 

Currently CEO and Co-founder of Pelatro (LON: PTRO), a Customer Engagement enterprise
software company listed on the Alternative Investment Market AIM and the London Stock Exchange LSE ). Having
founded Pelatro in 2013, Mr. Menon has propelled the growth of the company to its current stage, with currently approximately 200 employees
across five offices and an enterprise customer base of 21 companies across 17 countries. Mr. Menon guided Pelatro through a successful
IPO on the LSE in 2017. 

As former CEO and Founder of Subex Limited Subex ), Mr. Menon grew
and transformed a start-up into a publicly traded enterprise software company providing digital trust products to communication service
providers. At its peak under Mr. Menon s leadership, Subex had over 1,400 employees across 10 offices and generated over 110 million
in revenue across an enterprise customer base of approximately 200 companies. During Mr. Menon s tenure, Subex achieved a market
cap of approximately 430 million and received the NASSCOM Innovation Award from the President of India. 

As former CEO and Founder of Subex Limited Subex ), Mr. Menon grew
and transformed a start-up into a publicly traded enterprise software company providing digital trust products to communication service
providers. At its peak under Mr. Menon s leadership, Subex had over 1,400 employees across 10 offices and generated over 110 million
in revenue across an enterprise customer base of approximately 200 companies. During Mr. Menon s tenure, Subex achieved a market
cap of approximately 430 million and received the NASSCOM Innovation Award from the President of India. 

Mr. Menon guided Subex through multiple acquisitions in the UK, US and Canada and
through a successful IPO in 1999 in India: National Stock Exchange (NSE: SUBEXLTD) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE: 532348). 

The financial instruments of Subex are listed on stock exchanges in London, Luxembourg
and Singapore. 

Mr. Menon holds a degree in Electrical Engineering with Honors from the prestigious
National Institute of Technology, Durgapur in India and is a Distinguished Alumnus. 

Our Acquisition Process 

Our process starts with a deep
analysis of the future needs of the industry that we seek to enter and then crafting an appropriate strategy to ensure success. On the
basis of this strategy, our management team will work with its advisors to identify and prepare a list of target companies. This list
will be expanded with the help of investment bankers who specialize in M A in our chosen area. Once the list has been finalized, the
investment banker retained by us will be mandated to approach the targets and initiate discussions. Thus, the approach is not to merely
evaluate companies identified by the investment bankers. Rather, it is to identify those companies that fit our strategy and then to approach
them (i.e., focused and targeted). 

We believe that conducting comprehensive
due diligence on prospective investments is particularly important to achieve a successful business combination. We will utilize the diligence,
rigor, and expertise of available resources of the network of our management team including the members of our board of directors to evaluate
potential targets strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities to identify the relative risk and return profile of any potential target
for our initial business combination. Given our management team s extensive experience in evaluating investment opportunities and
conducting due diligence, we will often be familiar with the prospective target s end-market, competitive landscape and business
model. We certainly will engage third parties to assist us when needed although the expenses associated with any such third party would
only be paid with the funds held outside of the trust. 

8 

In evaluating a prospective target
for an initial business combination, we expect to conduct a thorough diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, financial analyses and technology reviews, as well
as a review of other information that will be made available to us. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing
an initial business combination with a company affiliated with our sponsors, our officers, or our directors, subject to certain approvals
and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsors, officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is
a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial
business combination is fair to us from a financial point of view. 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties
under Delaware law. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable
for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity
is one, we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Our Sponsors, other investors
and our directors and an officer own founder shares and/or private placement units and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in
determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.
Additionally, our Original Sponsors acquired founder shares for less than 0.01 per share; as a result, our Original Sponsors could make
a substantial profit after the initial business combination even if public investors experience substantial losses and, accordingly, may
have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our
initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a
particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as
a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Status as a public company 

We believe our structure makes
us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we may offer a potential target business
an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners
of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares
of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Further, we may contemplate issuing
other securities in a business combination such as issuing convertible promissory notes whereby the sellers of the target would have the
ability to convert such convertible promissory notes into shares of common stock our Company. We believe target businesses might find
this method a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical
initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, roadshow and public reporting efforts that will likely not
be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once the business combination is potentially
consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters 
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we
believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent
with stockholders interests than it would have as a privately held company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s
profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our status
as a public company makes us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view the inherent limitations in our
status as a blank check company as a deterrent and may prefer to effect a business combination with a more established entity or with
a private company. These inherent limitations include limitations on our available financial resources, which may be inferior to those
of other entities pursuing the acquisition of similar target businesses; the requirement that we seek stockholder approval of a business
combination or conduct a tender offer in relation thereto, which may delay the consummation of a transaction; and the existence of our
outstanding warrants, which may represent a source of future dilution. 

9 

Acquisition Target Criteria 

We seek to identify companies
that have compelling market presence, growth potential and a combination of the characteristics listed below. We will use these criteria
and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter our initial business combination with a target business
that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire companies or assets that we believe have the following attributes: 

Growth Potential: high growth history and future trajectory in revenue top line, above industry average 

Competitive Position: Leading or growing market share compared to peer group 

Management Team: Talented, highly motivated, experienced with strong execution track record. 

Profitability or visible path to profitability: Strong business economics and good operating results leading to profitability; and 

Operational Efficiency: Possibility to improve through introduction of processes. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

Initial Business Combination 

We initially had 15 months from
the closing of our IPO to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate
our initial business combination within 15 months, we may, by resolution of our board of directors if requested by our initial stockholders,
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up
to 21 months to complete an initial business combination), subject to the sponsors depositing additional funds into the trust account
as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into
between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable
deadline, must deposit into the trust account for each three-month extension, 690,000 0.10 per share in either case) on or prior to
the date of the applicable deadline, up to an aggregate of 1,380,000, or approximately 0.20 per share. On
December 13, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note in favor of Instant, in the principal amount
of 690,000. The proceeds of the Note were utilized by the Company to obtain the first three-month extension of the period for the Company
to consummate a business combination. The Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of a business combination by the Company.
If the Company fails to consummate a business combination, the outstanding debt under the Note will be forgiven, except to the extent
of any funds held outside of the Company s trust account after paying all other fees and expenses of the Company. The summary of
the Note is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Note, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated
herein by reference. Our sponsors and affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for
us to complete our initial business combination. 

As
approved by its stockholders at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of the Company held on March 8, 2023, the Company filed the Extension
Amendment, to extend the date (the Extension by which the Company must (1) complete an initial business combination, (2)
cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial business combination, and (3) redeem 100 
of the Company s common stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s IPO and to allow the Company, without another
stockholder vote, to further extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis up to twelve (12) times by an additional
one (1) month each time after March 14, 2023 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of the Company s Board, if requested
by Instant, upon five days advance notice prior to the Deadline Date, until March 14, 2024, or a total of up to twelve (12) months
after March 14, 2023 unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto. 

On
March 13, 2023, the Board, at the request of the Sponsor, determined to implement a first Extension and to extend the Deadline Date for
an additional month to April 14, 2023. In connection with the Sponsor s contribution for the Extension, which was funded on March
10, 2023, on March 13, 2023, Bannix issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor with a principal amount equal to 75,000 (the Extension
Note ). The Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of Bannix s
initial business combination, or (b) the date of Bannix s liquidation. If Bannix does not consummate an initial business combination
by the Deadline Date, the Notes will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise
forgiven. 

If we are unable to consummate
our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we will, promptly but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and promptly following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the rights and the
warrants will be worthless. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of
our independent directors. 

10 

We anticipate structuring our
initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire
substantially all of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business
combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than substantially all of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete
such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or
acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock of shares or other equity interests. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target.
However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business
combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 
of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion
of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the initial
business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of
the target businesses even if the acquisitions of the target businesses are not closed simultaneously. 

Investment Company Act 

Under the current rules and
regulations of the SEC we are not deemed an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act; however, on March 30,
2022, the SEC proposed new rules (the Proposed Rules relating, among other matters, to the circumstances in which
SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The Proposed Rules
provide a safe harbor for companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the
Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe
harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the
safe harbor, the Proposed Rules would require a company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an
agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the
SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial
business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of such registration statement. There is currently uncertainty
concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours. Although we entered into a
definitive business combination agreement within 18 months after the effective date of our registration statement relating to our
initial public offering, there is a risk that we may not complete our initial business combination within 24 months of such date. As
a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we were
deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete
an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be
able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of
our stock and warrants following such a transaction. Currently, the funds in our trust account are held only in money market funds
investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act. The Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer which (i) is or holds itself out as being engaged
primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities; (ii) is engaged or
proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type, or has been engaged in such business
and has any such certificate outstanding; or (iii) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the
value of its total assets (exclusive of Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. On or immediately prior to
the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of our registration statement relating to our initial public offering, we intend to
review and assess our primary line of business and the value of our investment securities as compared to the value of our total
assets to determine whether we may be deemed an investment company. The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in money
market funds, there is a greater risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company. In the event we are deemed an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, whether based upon our activities, the investment of our funds, or as a result
of the Proposed Rules being adopted by the SEC, we may determine that we are required to liquidate the money market funds held in
our trust account and may thereafter hold all funds in our trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation of our business combination or
liquidation. As a result, if we were to switch all funds to cash, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held
in our trust account after such time, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption
or liquidation of our Company. 

11 

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We expect to receive a number
of proprietary transaction opportunities to originate as a result of the business relationships, direct outreach, and deal sourcing activities
from the network built up by our management team, including the members of our board of directors. We also anticipate that target business
candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment banking firms, consultants, accounting
firms, private equity groups, large business enterprises, and other market participants. These sources may also introduce us to target
businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the prospectus
in connection with our IPO and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment
or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of
any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. In no event will our
sponsors or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting
fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination
(regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

We are not prohibited from pursuing
an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsors, officers or directors. In the
event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsors, officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is
a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of
a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting
such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law. As a result of these duties and
obligations, situations may arise in which business opportunities may be given to one or more of these other entities prior to being presented
to us. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite
period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future
performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities
in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of
being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry.
By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

12 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited ability to evaluate the target s management team 

Although we intend to closely
scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business combination with
that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management
may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of
our management team including our board of directors, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While
it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it
is presently unknown if any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we
cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the
particular target business. The determination as to whether any members of our board of directors will remain with the combined company
will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination,
to the extent that we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the
target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have
the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management 

Stockholders may not have the ability to approve our initial business
combination 

We may conduct redemptions without
a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law
or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the
table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is
currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Under Nasdaq s listing
rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

13 

Permitted purchases of our securities 

In the
event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in
privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions
for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not
make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if
such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such
stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise
its redemption rights. We have adopted an insider trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares
during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear
all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant
to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size
of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan
or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

In the
event that our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender
offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under
the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules,
the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The purpose of such purchases
would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may
be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

Our initial stockholders, officers,
directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our initial stockholders, officers, directors
or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption
requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the
extent that our initial stockholders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify
and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust
account or vote against the business combination. Our initial stockholders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only
purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our initial
stockholders, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange
Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor
from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain
technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our initial stockholders,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. 

14 

Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination 

We initially had 15 months from
the closing of our IPO to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate
our initial business combination within 15 months, we may, by resolution of our board of directors if requested by our initial stockholders,
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up
to 21 months to complete an initial business combination), subject to the sponsors depositing additional funds into the trust account
as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into
between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable
deadline, must deposit into the trust account for each three-month extension, 690,000 0.10 per share in either case) on or prior to
the date of the applicable deadline, up to an aggregate of 1,380,000, or approximately 0.20 per share. On
December 13, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note in favor of Instant, in the principal amount
of 690,000. The proceeds of the Note were utilized by the Company to obtain the first three-month extension of the period for the Company
to consummate a business combination. The Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of a business combination by the Company.
If the Company fails to consummate a business combination, the outstanding debt under the Note will be forgiven, except to the extent
of any funds held outside of the Company s trust account after paying all other fees and expenses of the Company. The summary of
the Note is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Note, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

As
approved by its stockholders at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of the Company held on March 8, 2023, the Company filed the Extension
Amendment, to extend the date (the Extension by which the Company must (1) complete an initial business combination, (2)
cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial business combination, and (3) redeem 100 
of the Company s common stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s IPO and to allow the Company, without another
stockholder vote, to further extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis up to twelve (12) times by an additional
one (1) month each time after March 14, 2023 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of the Company s Board, if requested
by Instant, upon five days advance notice prior to the Deadline Date, until March 14, 2024, or a total of up to twelve (12) months
after March 14, 2023 unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto. 

On March 13,
2023, the Board, at the request of the Sponsor, determined to implement a first Extension and to extend the Deadline Date for an additional
month to April 14, 2023. In connection with the Sponsor s contribution for the Extension, which was funded on March 10, 2023, on
March 13, 2023, Bannix issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor with a principal amount equal to 75,000 (the Extension
Note ). The Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of Bannix s
initial business combination, or (b) the date of Bannix s liquidation. If Bannix does not consummate an initial business combination
by the Deadline Date, the Notes will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise
forgiven. 

Redemption rights for public stockholders upon completion of our initial
business combination 

We will provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account
was initially anticipated to be approximately 10.10 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional 75,000 per month in
the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as set forth in the Extension Amendment).
The per share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the fee
payable to I-Bankers pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement. Our Sponsors, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares
and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our business combination, although they will be entitled to
liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame. 

15 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender
offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will
be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the
terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq
rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where
we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires stockholder approval. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we would be required
to comply with such rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our initial stockholders will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to
purchase shares of our common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with
Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which
are not purchased by our initial stockholders, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the consummation of our initial
business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset
or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender
more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

16 

If we seek stockholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding
capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled
to vote at such meeting. Our sponsors, executive officers and directors will count toward this quorum and have agreed to vote their founder
shares and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. These quorums and voting
thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsors, executive officers and directors may make it more likely that we will consummate
our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsors, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the
completion of a business combination. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be
less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject
to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset
test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination
may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working
capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms
of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common
stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed
business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any
shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on redemption upon completion of our initial business combination
if we seek stockholder approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares.
We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders
to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us, our initial stockholders
or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent
this provision, a public stockholder holding an aggregate of 15 or more of the shares sold in the IPO and Over-Allotment could threaten
to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our initial stockholders or our management at
a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem to less
than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO and Over-Allotment, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably
attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target
that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. 

17 

Consideration of Inflation Reduction
Act Excise Tax 

On August 16, 2022, the
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a
new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market
value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax.
Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise,
may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business
Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and
repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the
nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not
in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations
and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder,
the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available
on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

Tendering stock certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption
rights 

We may require our public stockholders
seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either
tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up
to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials,
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such
delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close
of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials,
as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period,
it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass the cost on to the redeeming
holder. However, the fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender
their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery
must be effectuated. 

18 

The foregoing is different from
the procedures used by some blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a
holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking
to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange
for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window 
after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market.
If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his
or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit
before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until
the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that
a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares,
once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting
set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with
an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder
may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to
be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our
initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

Redemption of public shares and liquidation if no initial business combination 

We initially had 15 months from
the closing of our IPO to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate
our initial business combination within 15 months, we may, by resolution of our board of directors if requested by our initial stockholders,
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up
to 21 months to complete an initial business combination), subject to the sponsors depositing additional funds into the trust account
as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into
between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable
deadline, must deposit into the trust account for each three-month extension, 690,000 0.10 per share in either case) on or prior to
the date of the applicable deadline, up to an aggregate of 1,380,000, or approximately 0.20 per share. On
December 13, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note in favor of Instant, in the principal amount
of 690,000. The proceeds of the Note were utilized by the Company to obtain the first three-month extension of the period for the Company
to consummate a business combination. The Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of a business combination by the Company.
If the Company fails to consummate a business combination, the outstanding debt under the Note will be forgiven, except to the extent
of any funds held outside of the Company s trust account after paying all other fees and expenses of the Company. The summary of
the Note is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Note, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

As
approved by its stockholders at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of the Company held on March 8, 2023, the Company filed the Extension
Amendment, to extend the date (the Extension by which the Company must (1) complete an initial business combination, (2)
cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial business combination, and (3) redeem 100 
of the Company s common stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s IPO and to allow the Company, without another
stockholder vote, to further extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis up to twelve (12) times by an additional
one (1) month each time after March 14, 2023 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of the Company s Board, if requested
by Instant, upon five days advance notice prior to the Deadline Date, until March 14, 2024, or a total of up to twelve (12) months
after March 14, 2023 unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto. 

19 

On
March 13, 2023, the Board, at the request of the Sponsor, determined to implement a first Extension and to extend the Deadline Date for
an additional month to April 14, 2023. In connection with the Sponsor s contribution for the Extension, which was funded on March
10, 2023, on March 13, 2023, Bannix issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor with a principal amount equal to 75,000 (the Extension
Note ). The Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of Bannix s
initial business combination, or (b) the date of Bannix s liquidation. If Bannix does not consummate an initial business combination
by the Deadline Date, the Notes will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise
forgiven. 

Our initial stockholders have
agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete
our initial business combination pursuant to the Extension Amendment.. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or
after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail
to complete our initial business combination prior to the Extension. 

Our sponsors, officers and directors
have agreed, pursuant to a written letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation that would affect (i) the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination within the Extension or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of
common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
both immediately before and after the consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares
such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related
redemption of our public shares at such time. 

We expect that all costs and
expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining
out of the proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.
However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the
extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us
an additional amount of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the
net proceeds of the IPO and the private placement, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account
interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be
approximately 10.46 (subject to increase of up to an additional 75,000 per month in the
event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination as set forth in the Extension Amendment).
The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority
than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
will not be substantially less than 10.46 . Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan
of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable,
if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our
stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for
all creditors claims. 

20 

Although we will seek to have
all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect
to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will
only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any
claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek
recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsors have agreed
that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective
target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to
below (i) 10.46 (subject to increase of up to an additional 75,000 per month in the event
that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination as set forth in the Extension Amendment) or
(ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to
reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to
any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the
event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsors will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not asked our sponsors to reserve for such indemnification obligations, and our
sponsors only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsors would be able to satisfy
those obligations. We believe the likelihood of our sponsors having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor
to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.46 per public share or (ii) such lesser
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of
the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsors assert that it is unable
to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent
directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsors to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsors to enforce its indemnification obligations
to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not
be substantially less than 10.46 per share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility
that our sponsors will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsors will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up
to 575,000 from the proceeds of the IPO with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection
with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). 

21 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the
period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of the IPO may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware
law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable
provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against
the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150 day waiting
period before any liquidated distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem
our public shares as soon as is reasonable as of the Extension from the closing of the IPO in the event we do not complete a business
combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will
provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent
10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching
for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers,
etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will
seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. 

As a result of this obligation,
the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability
extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsors may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts
in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.46 per public share or (ii) such
lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in
value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes, and will not be liable as to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters of against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsors will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return 10.46 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy
petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could
be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore,
our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby
exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

22 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Extension or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to
stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the Extension. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any
right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming
its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights
described above. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that apply to us until the consummation of our initial
business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their
public shares in connection with any such vote. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other
things, that: 

prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately before or after such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated within the Extension, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. 

These provisions cannot be amended
without the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we may consummate our initial business combination only
if approved by a majority of the shares of common stock voted by our stockholders at a duly held stockholders meeting. 

23 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and
selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business
objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups, venture capital funds leveraged buyout funds,
and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant experience identifying
and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical,
human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, the requirement that,
so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at least
80 of the value of the trust account (less certain advisory fees to I-Bankers and taxes payable on interest earned and less any
interest earned thereon that is released to us for taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination, our obligation
to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights, and our outstanding rights and warrants and
the potential future dilution they represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have one officer,
our Chief Executive Officer, who serves as Co-Chairman and Principal Executive, Accounting and Financial Officer. This individual is not
obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our
affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time to be devoted in any time period will vary based
on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process
we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking information based on our current
expectations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information contained
in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing at the end of this Annual Report,
before deciding whether to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating
results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all
or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsors, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholder s vote. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make
 our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a
 business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

24 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating target businesses increases, attractive target businesses may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive target businesses. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target business or to consummate an initial business combination. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination . 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold 15 or more of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares equal to or in excess of 15 of our common stock. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsors, executive officers and directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

We will likely only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Certain of our executive officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us following our initial business combination and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Since our initial stockholders, including our sponsors, executive officers and directors, will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

Our initial stockholders paid an aggregate of 14,375, or approximately 0.01 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our common stock. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

25 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains
an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 19,257 of cash
and a working capital deficiency of 1,025,509. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit
of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section
of this prospectus titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our
plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include
any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on
our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which
means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial
business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable state law or the rules of Nasdaq
or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage
in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking to issue
more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring
a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek stockholder approval of such business
combination. However, except for as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business
combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the
vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding
public shares of our common stock do not approve of the business combination we consummate. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsors, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders
vote. 

Unlike many other blank check companies in which the
initial stockholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public stockholders in
connection with an initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any public
shares purchased during or after this offering, in favor of our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders will own 20 of
our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of this offering. As a result, as of March
29, 2023 , in addition to the founder shares and the shares underlying the private placement units, we would need 1,027,348 ,
or 34.95 , of the 2,939,613 public shares
sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business
combination approved (assuming the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised). Furthermore, assuming only the minimum
number of stockholders required to be present at the stockholders meeting held to approve our initial business combination are
present at such meeting, we would need only 5,000,001 , or 17.01 of the shares sold as
part of the units in this offering, to be voted in favor of our initial business combination in order to have such transaction approved
(assuming the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised). In addition, in the event that our board of directors amends
our bylaws to reduce the number of shares required to be present at a meeting of our stockholders, we would need even fewer public shares
to be voted in favor of our initial business combination to have such transaction approved. 

26 

Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our
initial stockholders agreed to vote their shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a
potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder
approval of the business combination. 

At the time of your investment in us, you may not be
provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors may
complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote
on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity
to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within
the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders
in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash
may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into
a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction
agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result,
would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the consummation of our initial business
combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash
requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly
submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the consummation
of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed
with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets
will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights
with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital
structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial
business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure
the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third
party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure
the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional
third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The amount
of the fee payable to I-Bankers pursuant to the terms of the business combination marketing agreement will not be adjusted for
any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete
the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure, or may incentivize us to structure a transaction
whereby we issue shares to new investors and not to sellers of target businesses. 

27 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights
with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If our initial business combination agreement requires
us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful,
you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate
liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro
rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit
of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease
our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine
our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter into
negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination March
14, 2023, which may be extended 12 times on a monthly basis through March 14, 2024 . Consequently, such target business may obtain
leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that
particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase
as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our
initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

Our sponsors may decide not to extend the term we have to consummate
our initial business combination, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
our public shares and liquidate, and the rights and the warrants will be worthless. 

We will have until March
14, 2023, which may be extended 12 times on a monthly basis through March 14, 2024 to consummate our initial business combination.
In order to initiate the monthly extensions, our Sponsor or its designee has agreed to advance to us as loans for deposit into the Trust
Account the needed monthly amounts equal to the lesser of (x) 75000 and (y) 0.07 for each share outstanding. Any such payments would
be made in the form of a loan. The terms of the promissory note to be issued in connection with any such loans have not yet been negotiated.
Consequently, such loans might not be made on the terms described in this prospectus. Our sponsors and their affiliates or designees are
not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate
our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we will, promptly redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion
of the funds held in the trust account and promptly following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the rights and warrants will be worthless. 

28 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public
shares and liquidate. 

We must complete our initial business combination by
the Deadline Date. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time
period. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination,
our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders,
which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial
stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or
in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation
to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares
is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our initial stockholders,
directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders
who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections
to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a
target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears
that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of a business combination that may not otherwise have
been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our
public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares
may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy
rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules,
if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity
to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our
public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order
to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be
redeemed. 

29 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors
of many other blank check companies. 

We may be deemed to be a blank check company
under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000, we are exempt from rules
promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the
benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units and the underlying securities and we will have a longer
period of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if this offering were subject to
Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds
in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to
hold 15 or more of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares equal to or in excess of 15 of our common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to an aggregate of 15 or more of the shares sold in this
offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to
vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares
will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment
in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect
to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares equal to
or exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for
business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, on our redemption,
and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net
proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain
target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others
an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, if we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of
common stock redeemed and, in the event, we seek stockholder approval of our business combination, we make purchases of our common stock,
the resources available to us for our initial business combination will potentially be reduced. Any of these obligations may place us
at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10. 46 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

30 

If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement
units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate through the Deadline Date, we may be unable to complete
our initial business combination. 

The funds available to us outside of the trust account
may not be sufficient to allow us to operate through the Deadline Date following the closing of this offering, assuming that our initial
business combination is not completed during that time. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to
us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment
or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping 
around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed
business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for
the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our
breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10
per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

If the proceeds held in the trust account are insufficient, it could
limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we
will depend on loans from our initial stockholders or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our business
combination. 

Only portion of the net proceeds in the Trust Account
will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. In the event that our offering expenses
exceed our estimate of 800,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds
we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses
are less than our estimate, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount.
If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our initial stockholders, management team or other third
parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of our initial stockholders, members of our management team or any of their affiliates
is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the
trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital
loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such warrants
would be identical to the private placement units, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period of the underlying
warrants. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our initial stockholders or an affiliate of our initial stockholders
as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to
funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available
to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 

Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive
approximately 10. 46 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our rights
and warrants will expire worthless. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in companies that may be outside
of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination outside of our
management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers
an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s
expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained
in this prospectus regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that
we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors.
Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value
of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim
that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they
are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the
business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

31 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we
believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that
does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination
may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines
for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination
will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some
or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general
criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria
and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any
closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder
approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may
be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general
criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price
we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our business combination with an
affiliated entity, or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses,
we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent
accounting firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained,
our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally
accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed,
which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10. 46 
per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a
specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable.
Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination
for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred
which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10. 46 
per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

32 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective
target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business management may be limited due
to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove
to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management
not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination
business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless
they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary
duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or
proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate
may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could
negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key
personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial
business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses
that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsors, executive officers and directors which may raise potential
conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsors, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsors, executive officers
and directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described
under Management Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities.
Our sponsors, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination
with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with
any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities,
we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth
in Proposed Business Effecting our initial business combination Selection of a target business and structuring
of our initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our
agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting
firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international
businesses affiliated with our executive officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the
terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

We will likely only be able to complete one business combination with
the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business
which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may effectuate our initial business combination with
a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to
effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of
complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating
results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial
business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses,
unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas
of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

33 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous
economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in
which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with
multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs
and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses
that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on
the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business
after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will
possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial business combination so
that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not
meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior
to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a
substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would
acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our
stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent
to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or
group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that
our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that
in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately
before and after the consummation of our initial business combination. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible
for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the consummation of our initial business
combination (such that we become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash
requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete
our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have
redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection
with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their
shares to our initial stockholders, including our officers or directors, or their advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate
cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount
required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available
to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be
returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

34 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial
business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular
business combination. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of this offering
and the sale of the private placement units will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have
not yet identified any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the
net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our
initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase
for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or
the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek
additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable
terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target
business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such
financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse
effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide
any financing to us in connection with or after our business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10. 46 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial
statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement
with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or
not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be
reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting
standards depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time
for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame. 

Our search for an initial business combination, and any target
business with which we ultimately consummate our initial business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing
coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread
health crisis and is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets in the U.S. and worldwide, and could adversely affect the
business of any potential target company with which we consummate a business combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a
business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, continue to limit the ability to
have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate
and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning
the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions
posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business
combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely
affected. 

35 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction
may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including a result
of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at
all. 

Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 or other infectious
diseases may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as
those related to the market for our securities. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies
evaluating target businesses increases, attractive target businesses may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive
target businesses. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to
find a target business or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition
companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential target businesses for special purpose acquisition companies
have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many companies preparing for an initial public offering.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive target businesses may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with
available target businesses, the competition for available target businesses with attractive fundamentals or business models may
increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for
other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed
to close business combinations or operate target businesses post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or
otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our
inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and officers
liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors
and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally
become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. The increased cost and decreased availability of
directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination.
In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business
combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors
and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified
officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial
business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged
to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business
combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need
for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability
to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we
may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

36 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target
business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present inside a
particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that
factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced
to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result
in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known
risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items
and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market
perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which
we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination
debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully
claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or
if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating
to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

Because we are not limited to a particular industry or any specific
target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular
target business operations. 

Although we expect to focus our search for a target
business on entities in the customer engagement sector of the telecommunications, retail and financial services industries, we may seek
to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector. However, we will not, under our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our business combination with another blank check company or similar company
with nominal operations. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination,
there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business operations, results of operations,
cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our business combination, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an
entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of
a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or
that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us
with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that
an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were
available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless
they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary
duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or
proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial
debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the
value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this
prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following this offering, we may choose
to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless
we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account.
As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

37 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we effect our initial business
combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations
or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

38 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, regime changes, political upheaval, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; and 

government appropriation of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we
were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

39 

Risks Relating to our Management Team 

Past performance by our management team may not be indicative of future
performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses
associated with, our management team is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance of our management
team is not a guarantee either: (a) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination;
or (b) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record
of our management team s performance as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are
likely to, generate going forward. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their
departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small
group of individuals. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our executive officers and directors, at least until
we have completed our business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified
amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities,
including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement
with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of
one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our
initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business
combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot
presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions
following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place.
While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our
assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company
regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements
with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company
after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection
with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and
could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence
their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us
after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will
proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after
the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory
positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. 

40 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other
businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of
interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required
to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for
which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of
hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive
officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess
of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our
ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Certain of our executive officers and directors are now, and all of
them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us
following our initial business combination and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

. Our executive officers and directors are, or may in
the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us following
our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors also may become aware of
business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual
duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation
to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered
to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or
officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective
affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial
interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact,
we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our directors or executive officers, although
we do not currently intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account
in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests
and ours. 

41 

Since our initial stockholders, including our sponsors, executive officers
and directors, will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may
arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Certain members of our management team also have a financial
interest in our sponsors. The founder shares held by our initial stockholders and Instant will be worthless if we do not complete
an initial business combination. All of the foregoing securities will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination.
The personal and financial interests of our sponsors, executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and
selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following
the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the Deadline Date nears, which is the deadline for our completion
of an initial business combination. 

Additionally, our sponsor acquired founder shares for
 0.01 per share and we sold units at a price of 10.00 per unit in the offering; as a result, our sponsor could make a substantial profit
after the initial business combination even if public investors experience substantial losses and, accordingly, may have a conflict of
interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. 

In addition, we may obtain loans
from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. 

Since our sponsors, executive officers and directors will not be eligible
to be reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise
in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

At the closing of our initial business combination,
our sponsors, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
activities on our behalf. These financial interests of our sponsors, executive officers and directors, may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business combination and completing an initial business combination. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account,
except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares, rights
or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the
redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by the Deadline Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete
our business combination by the Deadline Date, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Stockholders who do not exercise
their rights to the funds in connection with an amendment to our certificate of incorporation would still have rights to the funds in
connection with a subsequent business combination. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any
kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, rights or warrants,
potentially at a loss. 

42 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which
could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We cannot assure you that our securities will be, or
will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities
on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Additionally,
in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing
requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing
of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its
exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted
on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust
account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10. 46 
per share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect
those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even
if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to,
fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of
the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust
account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
We are not aware of any product or service providers who have not or will not provide such waiver other than the underwriters of this
offering. 

43 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a
third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are
believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where
management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will
agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with
us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete
our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination,
we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years
following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.46
per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsors have agreed that it will be liable to us
if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which
we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.46 per public
share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to
any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims
under indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover,
in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsors will not be responsible to the
extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not asked our sponsors to reserve for such indemnification obligations, and
our sponsors only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsors would be able to satisfy
those obligations. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for
us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If (x) we issue additional shares of common stock
or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue
price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsors or their affiliates, without taking into
account any founder shares held by our sponsors or their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price ),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of
redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on
the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is
below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of
the Market Value and the newly issued price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate
an initial business combination with a target business. 

Our warrants are expected to be accounted for as a warrant liability
and will be recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse
effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We currently have warrants to purchase 6,900,000
shares of common stock presently outstanding. We expect to account for these as a warrant liability and will record at fair value
upon issuance and any change in fair value each period will be reported in earnings as determined by us based upon a valuation
report obtained from our third-party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on
the market price of our common stock. In addition, potential targets may seek a special purpose acquisition company that does not
have warrants that are accounted for as warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business
combination with a target business. 

44 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations
of our sponsors, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10. 46 per share or (ii) other than due to the
failure to obtain a waiver from a vendor waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust
account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay
taxes, and our sponsors assert that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a
particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsors to enforce its indemnification
obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsors to enforce
its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose
not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount
of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.10 per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public
stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy
court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties
to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account
to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential
transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by
our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having
acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account
prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

Each of our warrant agreement and rights agreement
will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole
and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants and holders of our rights,
which could limit the ability of warrant holders and right holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Each of our warrant agreement and
rights agreement will provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement or the rights agreement, as applicable, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced
in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably
submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any
objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

45 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement and the rights agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created
by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the
sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants or rights, as applicable,
shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement or rights agreement, as applicable.
If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement or rights agreement, as applicable,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
(for purposes of this subsection, a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants or rights, as applicable,
such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of
New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (for purposes of this subsection, an
 enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder or right holder, as applicable in any
such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel or right holder s counsel, as applicable, in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder or right holder, as applicable. 

These choice-of-forum provisions
may limit the ability of warrant holders and right holders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such holders find favorable for disputes
with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice-of-forum provision in our warrant
agreement or rights agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and
board of directors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public
stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims
of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise
be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account
to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and
subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete
the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against
us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of
our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination by the Deadline Date may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies
with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims
against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period
during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating
distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser
of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder
would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably
possible following the Deadline Date from the closing of this offering in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore,
we do not intend to comply with those procedures. 

46 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution.
However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or
prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could
potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public
stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months
(or up to 21 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described
in more detail in this prospectus) from the closing of this offering is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and
such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or
due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for
claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation
distribution. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after our consummation
of a business combination and you will not be entitled to any of the corporate protections provided by such a meeting. 

In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b)
of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance
with a company s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting
of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus, we may not be in compliance
with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting
prior to our consummation of a business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware
Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an
investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis
and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant
agreement, we have agreed, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 30 business days after the closing of our initial business
combination, we will use our reasonable best efforts to file, and within 90 business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
to have declared effective, a registration statement relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and to maintain
a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of
the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, 

47 

for example, any facts or events arise which represent a
fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated
by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are
not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However,
no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to
exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of
the state of the exercising holder or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our common stock is at
the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered
security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise
their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event
we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our best efforts to register
or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net
cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register
or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the
warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled
to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as
part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of common stock included in the units. We
may not redeem the warrants when a holder may not exercise such warrants. However, there may be instances in which holders of our public
warrants may be unable to exercise such public warrants but holders of our private warrants may be able to exercise such private warrants. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and holders
of our private placement units may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such
rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently
with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that
we register their shares of our common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, holders of our private placement
units and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement units, the component securities and the shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of securities that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will
bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading
in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration
rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target
business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact
on the market price of our common stock that is expected when the common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private
placement units or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

We may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to
complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination, and
any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred
stock, par value 0.01 per share. As of March 29, 2023, there is 94,536,387 authorized but
unissued shares of common stock available for issuance, including 1,437,500 treasury shares, which amount takes into account shares of
common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants and the conversion of rights. Immediately after this offering,
there will be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

48 

We may issue a substantial number of additional shares
of common stock, and may issue shares of preferred stock, in order to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-business combination activity).
However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination,
we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account
or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like
all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. However, our sponsors,
executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, common stock, rights and/or warrants. 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check
companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. We cannot assure
you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will
make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination, blank
check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. For example,
blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time period
in which the company must consummate its initial business combination. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter
or governing instruments in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Certain agreements related to this offering may be amended without stockholder
approval. 

Certain agreements, including the underwriting agreement
relating to this offering, the investment management trust agreement between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
the letter agreements and the registration rights agreement among us and our sponsors, executive officers and directors, the administrative
services agreement between us and our sponsors, and the business combination marketing agreement may be amended without stockholder approval.
These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board of
directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board
of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any
such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendment may have an adverse effect
on the value of an investment in our securities. 

49 

Our initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus
may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Upon the closing of this offering, our initial stockholders
will own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (excluding the Representative s shares and assuming they do not
purchase units in this offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major
corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any units in this offering or additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket
or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence. 

We may amend the terms of the rights and warrants in a manner that may
be adverse to holders of the rights or public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding rights
or public warrants, respectively. 

Our rights will be issued in registered form under a
rights agreement, and our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement, each between Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company, as rights or warrant agent as applicable, and us. Each of the rights agreement and the warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the rights or warrants, as applicable, may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct
any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding rights or public warrants, as
applicable, to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of the rights or public warrants, as applicable.
Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the rights or the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of
the then outstanding rights or public warrants, as applicable, approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the
rights or public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then holders of such securities is unlimited, examples of such amendments
could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number
of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time
that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at
any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported
sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending
on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. We may not redeem the warrants when
a holder may not exercise such warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and
pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current
market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time
the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of
the private placement warrants included within the private placement units will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their
initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

Our rights and warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price
of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

As of March 29, 2023, there are rights to receive 6,900,000
shares of our common stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination and warrants to purchase 6,900,000 shares of our
common stock. To the extent we issue shares of common stock to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a
substantial number of additional shares of common stock upon conversion of the rights and/or exercise of these warrants could make us
a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such rights and warrants, if and when converted or exercised, would increase
the number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock and reduce the value of the shares of common stock issued to complete
the business combination. Therefore, our rights and warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase
the cost of acquiring the target business. 

50 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common
stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These
provisions include the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, which may
make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing
market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under
Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management
and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to
us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any
provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against
us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the
State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or
forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action
is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types
of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the
provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed
to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability
created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27
of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the
application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against
our directors and officers. 

51 

General Risks 

We are a newly formed company with no operating history and no revenues,
and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a newly formed company with no operating results,
and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis
upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target
businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and
may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate
any operating revenues. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company
Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult
for us to complete our business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the
Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including, without limitation, restrictions on the nature of our investments,
and restrictions on the issuance of our securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including, without limitation, registration as an investment company; adoption
of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and
regulations. 

In order not to be regulated as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other
than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or
trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and
cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate
the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit
from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities
will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in United States
government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be
restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory
burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate a business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10. 46 
per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws
and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national,
regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their
interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business,
investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied,
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

52 

There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our
securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

There is currently no market for our securities. Stockholders
therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering,
the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions.
Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable
to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities
Act, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, which
could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company within
the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an
emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive
because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies
but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more
difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase
the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending
December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to
comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting.
Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public
accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes
compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because
a target company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting relating to our accounting for complex financial instruments and the failure to properly design the financial closing and reporting
process to record, review and monitor compliance with generally accepted accounting principles for transactions on a timely basis as of
December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not
be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially
and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

53 

Regarding the restatement to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and
the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (the Restatements ), the Company s management further evaluated
the warrants under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Subtopic 815-40, Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. ASC
Section 815-40-15 addresses equity versus liability treatment and classification of equity-linked financial instruments, including warrants
and states that a warrant may be classified as a component of equity only if, among other things, the warrant is indexed to the issuer s
common stock. Based on management s evaluation, the Company s audit committee, in consultation with management, concluded
that the Company s Public Warrants are indexed to the Company s common stock. As a result, the Company should have classified
the Public Warrants as a component of equity in its previously issued financial statements. Additionally, the Company evaluated the impacts
of the transfer of shares to Anchor Investors and other investors. The transfer of shares to the Anchor Investors and other investors
were valued as of the grant date and that value was allocated to the offering costs of the Company. Associated with the reclassification
of the Public Warrants to equity and the valuation of the Anchor Investor and other investor shares, the allocation of offering costs
was re-allocated. Additionally, we had a misstatement in our prepaid expense, income and franchise taxes and legal fees. As a result,
the Company s management, together with the Audit Committee, determined that the Restatements were to be filed. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in
internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial
reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming
and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly
identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result
in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities
law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors
may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we
have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our executive
offices at 8265 West Sunset Blvd., Suite # 107, West Hollywood, CA 90046 (our prior offices were held at 300 Tice Boulevard; Suite 315,
Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677). Our executive offices are provided to us by our Sponsors. On September 10, 2021, we agreed to pay our initial
Sponsors a total of 5,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the initial
Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, it will cease paying these monthly fees. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal proceedings,
investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation
or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure
that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

54 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our units began to trade on The
Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol BNIXU on September 10, 2021. The shares of common stock, warrants and
rights comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on October 28, 2021, under the symbols BNIX , BNIXW 
and BNIXR , respectively. Upon separation, the units no longer trade. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were 9,424,000 (10,861,500 outstanding less 1,437,500 shares classified as treasury stock, where 6,900,000 of it subject to possible redemption)
of our shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by eighteen stockholders of record.
The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of
common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the
discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any,
for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the
foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we
may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

55 

Use of Proceeds 

On September 14, 2021, Bannix
consummated its initial public offering (the IPO of 6,900,000 units (the Units which included the full exercise
of the over-allotment option to purchase 900,000 Units, each Unit consisting of one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.01
per share (the Common Stock ), one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock for 11.50 Warrant and one right to acquire one-tenth of one share of Common Stock. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO and the over-allotment, we consummated the issuance of 406,000 private placement units (the Private
Placement Units as follows: we sold 181,000 Private Placement Units to certain investors for aggregate cash proceeds of 2,460,000
and issued an additional 225,000 private placement units to our Sponsors in exchange for the cancellation of 1,105,000 in loans and a
promissory note due to them. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of our common stock, one redeemable warrant to purchase
one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth
(1/10) of one share of our common stock upon the consummation of our Business Combination. Our management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds
are intended to be generally applied toward consummating our Business Combination. 

Upon
the closing of the initial public offering on September 14, 2021, a total of 69,690,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO, the Over-Allotment
and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. In
connection with the vote on the Extension Amendment at the Special Meeting on May 8, 2023, stockholders holding a total of 3,960,387 shares
of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s
trust account. As a result, approximately 41,077,189.13 (approximately 10.37201 per share) will be removed from the Company s
trust account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company will have 5,463,613 shares outstanding. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

Not applicable 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References
to we , us , our or the Company are to Bannix Acquisition Corp., except where the
context requires otherwise. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto
included elsewhere in this report. 

This
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations has been amended and restated
to give effect to the restatement of our financial statements, as more fully described in Note 2 to our financial statements entitled
 Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements. For further detail regarding the restatement, see Explanatory
Note and Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

56 

Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, 
 could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy
include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check
company incorporated on January 21, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

On September 14, 2021,
we consummated our IPO of 6,900,000 units at 10.00 per unit (the Units ). The units sold included the full exercise of the
underwriters over-allotment. Each Unit consists of one share of our common stock (the Public Shares ), one redeemable
warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per share and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof
to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of our common stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the IPO and the over-allotment, we consummated the issuance of 406,000 private placement units (the Private Placement
Units as follows: we sold 181,000 Private Placement Units to certain investors for aggregate cash proceeds of 2,460,000 and issued
an additional 225,000 private placement units to our Sponsor in exchange for the cancellation of 1,105,000 in loans and a promissory
note due to them. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of our common stock, one redeemable warrant to purchase one share
of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10)
of one share of our common stock upon the consummation of our Business Combination. Our management has broad discretion with respect to
the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds
are intended to be generally applied toward consummating our Business Combination. 

Upon the closing of the
initial public offering on September 14, 2021, a total of 69,690,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO, the Over-Allotment and the Private
Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. 

If we have not completed
our initial business combination within 15 months, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable,
and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

57 

In December 2022, we
extended the deadline by which we must complete a business combination by three months, from December 14, 2022 to March 14, 2023. In order
to fund the 690,000 deposit required to allow for such extension, we obtained a loan from Instant Fame, LLC evidenced by a non-interest-bearing
promissory note that is payable upon the consummation of a business combination by us. If we fail to consummate a business combination,
the outstanding debt under the promissory note will be forgiven, except to the extent of any funds held outside of the trust account after
paying all other fees and expenses of the Company. 

As
approved by its stockholders at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of the Company held on March 8, 2023, the Company filed an amendment
to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State on March 9, 2023 (the Extension Amendment ),
to extend the date (the Extension by which the Company must (1) complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (an initial
business combination ), (2) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial business
combination, and (3) redeem 100 of the Company s common stock common stock included as part of the units sold in
the Company s initial public offering that was consummated on September 14, 2021 (the IPO ), from March 14, 2023, and
to allow the Company, without another stockholder vote, to further extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis
up to twelve (12) times by an additional one (1) month each time after March 14, 2023 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of
the Company s board of directors (the Board ), if requested by Instant, upon five days advance notice prior
to the applicable deadline date, until March 14, 2024, or a total of up to twelve (12) months after March 14, 2023 (such date as extended,
the Deadline Date ), unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto. 

On
March 13, 2023, the Board, at the request of the Sponsor, determined to implement a first Extension and to extend the Deadline Date for
an additional month to April 14, 2023. In connection with the Sponsor s contribution for the Extension, which was funded on March
10, 2023, on March 13, 2023, Bannix issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor with a principal amount equal to 75,000 (the Extension
Note ). The Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of Bannix s
initial business combination, or (b) the date of Bannix s liquidation. If Bannix does not consummate an initial business combination
by the Deadline Date, the Notes will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise
forgiven. 

In connection
with the vote on the Extension Amendment at the Special Meeting on May 8, 2023, stockholders holding a total of 3,960,387 shares of the
Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s trust
account. As a result, approximately 41,077,189.13 (approximately 10.37201 per share) will be removed from the Company s trust
account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company will have 5,463,613 shares outstanding. 

We cannot assure you
that our plans to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since
inception up to December 31, 2022 was in preparation for our initial public offering and since the initial public offering, the search
for a suitable business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business
combination, at the earliest. 

58 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, we had a net income of 47,107, which consisted of an unrealized gain from the change in fair value of Private Warrant liability
of 182,700, and interest income on the trust account of 1,088,633, partially offset by operating costs of 1,000,944 and provision for
income taxes of 223,282. 

For the period from January
21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 277,203, which consisted of formation and operating costs of 395,702,
an unrealized gain from the change in fair value of private warrant liability of 150,220, interest income on the trust account of 1,502,
and offering expenses related to the warrant issuance of 33,223. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

As of
December 31, 2022, we had 19,257 in cash in our operating account and a working capital deficit of 1,025,509. 

Our
liquidity needs up to December 31, 2022 had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsors of 28,750 for common stock
and from loans from a Sponsor and related parties in order to pay offering costs and operating expenses. In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsors or an affiliate of our sponsors or certain of our officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us working capital loans. As of December 31, 2022, there was 1,002,850 owed to Sponsors
and related parties and no other amounts outstanding under any Working Capital loans. Included in the 1,002,850 owed to Sponsors and
related parties is a Note to Instant Fame for 690,000 to fund the trust account for the three-month extension. 

Based
on the foregoing, management believes that we may not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through
the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination. Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds in the operating
bank account to pay existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing
due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire,
and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

The
Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the date of the filing of this report. In connection with our assessment
of going concern considerations, we had until December 14, 2022 to consummate a Business Combination. The Company has extended the deadline
by which the Company must complete a business combination by three months, from December 14, 2022 to March 14, 2023. In order to fund
the 690,000 deposit required to allow for such extension extension funds ), the Company has obtained a loan from Instant
evidenced by a non-interest-bearing promissory note that is payable upon the consummation of a business combination by the Company. 

As
approved by its stockholders at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of the Company held on March 8, 2023, the Company filed the Extension
Amendment for the Extension by which the Company must (1) complete an initial business combination, (2) cease its operations except for
the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial business combination, and (3) redeem 100 of the Company s common
stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s IPO from March 14, 2023, and to allow the Company, without another stockholder
vote, to further extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis up to twelve (12) times by an additional one
(1) month each time after March 14, 2023 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of the Board if requested by Instant, upon five
days advance notice prior to the Deadline Date unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto. 

On
March 13, 2023, the Board, at the request of the Sponsor, determined to implement a first Extension and to extend the Deadline Date for
an additional month to April 14, 2023. In connection with the Sponsor s contribution for the Extension, which was funded on March
10, 2023, on March 13, 2023, Bannix issued the Extension Note. The Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the
earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of Bannix s initial business combination, or (b) the date of Bannix s liquidation.
If Bannix does not consummate an initial business combination by the Deadline Date, the Notes will be repaid only from funds held outside
of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. 

It is
uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by that time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this
date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. We have determined that the insufficient funds
to meet the operating needs of the Company through the liquidation date as well as the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination
not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

59 

These
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities
that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of these financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Fair Value of Warrant
Liability 

The
Company accounted for the Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the IPO and private placement in accordance with the guidance
contained in ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging whereby under that provision, the Private Warrants did not meet the
criteria for equity treatment and were recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the Private Warrants as a liability
at fair value in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and will adjust them to fair value at each reporting period. This liability
will be re-measured at each balance sheet date until the Private Warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be
recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The Public Warrants are classified as equity. 

Common Stock Subject to
Redemption 

The
Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the
control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
are classified as temporary equity and subsequently measured at redemption value. At all other times, shares of common stock are classified
as stockholders equity. The Company s shares of common stock sold as part of the IPO feature certain redemption rights that
are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, all
shares of common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at their net carrying value and classified as temporary equity, outside
of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The initial carrying value of the common stock subject
to redemption is recorded at an amount equal to the proceeds of the public offering less (i) the fair value of the public warrants and
less (ii) offering costs allocable to the common stock sold as part of the units in the public offering. In accordance with the alternative
methods described in ASC Subtopic 480-10-S99-3A(15), Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities. the Company
has made an accounting policy election to accrete changes in the difference between the initial carrying amount and the redemption amount 10.10 per share) over the period form the IPO date to the expected redemption date. For purposes of accretion, the Company has estimated
that it will take 15 months for a business combination to occur and accordingly will accrete the carrying amount to the redemption value
using the effective interest method over that period. Such changes are reflected in additional paid in capital, or in the absence of additional
paid-in capital, in accumulated deficit. 

With
the three-month extension of the Combination Period and the additional funding of 690,000 0.10 per share) in the Trust Account the
Company changed the methodology on a go-forward basis to recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the
carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in
the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid-in-capital (to the extent available) and
accumulated deficit. 

60 

Deferred
Offering Costs 

We comply
with the requirements of ASC Subtopic 340-10-S99-1, Expenses of Offering. Our offering costs consist of legal, accounting,
underwriting fees and other costs incurred through December 31, 2021 that were directly related to the IPO. Upon consummation of the IPO,
offering costs were allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the IPO on a relative fair value basis compared to total
proceeds received. Offering costs associated with our warrant liabilities were expensed as incurred and presented as non-operating expenses
in our statement of operations. Offering costs associated with the shares of our common stock were charged to temporary equity (common
stock subject to possible redemption) upon the completion of the IPO. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

In August
2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt
 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06
eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments
and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity.
The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled
in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted
method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective
basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 as of January 1, 2021. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a
material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments
and Contractual Obligations 

Registration
Rights 

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on September 10, 2021, the holders of the founder shares, the private placement units
and private placement units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will be entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the closing date of this offering requiring us to register such securities
for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such
securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. 

Underwriters Agreement 

We granted
the underwriters a 30-day option from the date of the initial public offering to purchase up to an additional 900,000 units to cover over-allotments,
if any at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. This option was fully exercised at the time
of the IPO. 

61 

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 3 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 2,070,000, which includes a deferred
underwriting discount of 225,000 in the aggregate which will be payable to the underwriters from the amounts to be brought in by the
sponsors solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Additionally,
the underwriters will be entitled to a business combination marketing fee of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the sale of Units in the initial
public offering held in the trust account upon the completion of the initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

Management does not believe that
any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our financial statements and the notes thereto begin
on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive
Officer, who also serves as our principal financial officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 (the Evaluation Date ). Based upon his evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the
Exchange Act) were not effective as of the Evaluation Date, due to material weakness in our internal
controls over financial reporting of complex financial instruments, fair value measurements, prepaid expense, income and franchise
taxes and legal fees, as further described below. In light of this material weakness, we
performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the year presented. 

62 

Material Weakness 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. On April 12, 2021, the
staff of the SEC (the SEC Staff issued a public statement entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations
for Warrants issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Staff Statement ). In
the SEC Staff Statement, the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants
to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed to equity. In light of the SEC Staff Statement, the Company s
management reevaluated the terms of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants (together, the warrants ), and determined
that the Public Warrants should be classified as a component of equity. Our Private Placement Warrants were correctly reported as a liability
measured at fair value upon issuance, with subsequent changes in fair value reported in earnings each reporting period. 

Additionally, management evaluated
the impacts of the transfer of shares to Anchor Investors. The transfer of shares to the Anchor Investors were fair valued as of the grant
date and that fair value was allocated to the offering costs of the Company. 

Associated with the reclassification
of the Public Warrants to equity and the valuation of the Anchor Investor shares, the allocation of offering costs was re-allocated. 

Additionally, we had a misstatement
in our prepaid expense, income and franchise taxes and legal fees 

As a result of these reevaluations,
management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial
instruments and fair value measurements and the failure to properly design the financial closing and reporting process to record, review
and monitor compliance with generally accepted accounting principles for transactions on a timely basis. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of our company, 

(2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

63 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Management has implemented
remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process
for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature,
identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional
staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

64 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

On October 20, 2022, pursuant
to a Securities Purchase Agreement, Instant acquired an aggregate of 385,000 shares of common stock of the Company from Bannix Management
LLP, Balaji Venugopal Bhat, Nicholos Hellyer, Subbanarasimhaiah Arun, Vishant Vora and Suresh Yezhuvath and 90,000 private placement units
from Suresh Yezhuvath (collectively, the Sellers in a private transaction. The Sellers immediately loaned the entire proceeds
to the Company for the working capital requirements of the Company. This loan will be forfeited by the Sellers upon liquidation or business
combination. In connection with this transaction, all parties agreed that there will be certain changes to the Board of Directors. 

As a result of the above,
Subash Menon resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Nicholas Hellyer resigned as Chief
Financial Officer, Secretary and Head of Strategy. Douglas Davis was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
Further, Balaji Venugopal Bhat, Subbanarasimhaiah Arun and Vishant Vora resigned as Directors of the Company. Mr.
Bhat, Mr. Arun and Mr. Vora served on the Audit Committee with Mr. Bhat serving as the committee chair. Mr. Bhat, Mr. Arun and Mr. Vora
served on the Compensation Committee with Mr. Arun serving as the committee chair. The Board was also increased from two to
seven and Craig Marshak and Douglas Davis were appointed as Co-Chairmans of the Board of Directors effective
immediately. Further, Jamal Khurshid, Eric T. Shuss and Ned L. Siegel were appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company
effective ten days after the mailing of a Schedule 14f Information Statement. The resignations referenced above were not the result of
any disagreement with management or the Board. See our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
25, 2022 for information concerning that transaction. On November 10, 2022, Sudeesh Yezhuvath resigned as a director of Bannix
Acquisition Corp. for personal reasons. The resignation was not the result of any disagreements with management or the Board. Post Sudeesh
Yezhuvath resignation our board member count to six, were 5 of them been appointed by IF. 

Our directors and executive officers following
the IF Agreement are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Title 
 
 Douglas Davis 
 64 
 Co- Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Principal Executive, Accounting and Financial Officer 
 
 Craig J. Marshak 
 63 
 Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Jamal Jamie Khurshid 
 46 
 Director 
 
 Eric T. Shuss 
 57 
 Director 
 
 Ned L. Siegel 
 71 
 Director 
 
 Subash Menon 
 57 
 Director 

Douglas
Davis is a seasoned executive with management experience across many areas including M A, capital raising, sales and
business development. Since 2001, Mr. Davis has served as the Managing Partner of CoBuilder, Inc., a consulting organization providing
services for large and small corporate entities associated with increasing efficiencies, including increasing market penetration, revenues
and profit; also, from 2008 to 2018, Mr. Davis served as the CEO of BitSpeed LLC, an extreme file transfer software solution. In addition,
from July 2018 to April 2020 Mr. Davis served as the Chief Executive Officer of GBT Technologies, Inc. Mr. Davis received an AB Political
Science from Stanford University and an MBA (Concentration in Finance and Strategic Management) from UCLA Anderson Graduate School of
Management. Mr. Davis is a manager of Instant Fame LLC 

65 

Craig
J. Marshak has served as the Vice Chairman and Co-Founder of Moringa Acquisition since February 2021 to present. Mr. Marshak
has a 25-year track record in investment banking, private equity and venture capital, in each case with a significant Israel-based focus.
Since January 2010, Mr. Marshak has served as Managing Director at Israel Venture Partners, or IVP, a platform used by him and investment
colleagues to identify opportunistic Israel based global growth enterprises. Previously, Mr. Marshak served as a Managing Director, and
the Global Co-Head, of the Nomura Technology Investment Growth Fund, a merchant banking fund operated from within the London offices of
Nomura Securities, focused on growth-stage and venture capital investments in Israel, Silicon Valley and North America. Prior to holding
that position, he served as a Director, Investment Banking, in the Restructuring and International Corporate Finance and Cross-Border
Capital Markets groups at Schroders, for both its New York and London offices. Mr. Marshak started his career at Morgan Stanley s
merchant banking division in New York. Mr. Marshak has played a principal role in many investments in Israeli companies, most notably
(while at the Nomura Technology Investment Growth Fund) the first institutional round for Shopping.com (NASDAQ: SHOP) (which was sold
to eBay, after its IPO) and organizing the first institutional round for CyberArk (NASDAQ: CYBR). He earned an A.B. in Political Science
and Economics from Duke University, as well as a J.D. from Harvard Law School. From August 2016, Mr. Marshak serves as a director of Nukkleus
Inc, which has announced a pending merger with Brilliant Acquisition SPAC. Nukkleus is a financial technology company whose shares are
traded publicly in the U.S. 

Jamal
 Jamie Khurshid served as an investment banker for over 20 years at Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Royal
Bank of Scotland before joining Cinnober Financial Technology, the world s leading independent exchange and clearing house technology
provider, as a senior partner where Mr. Khurshid served from 2013 to 2018. In 2018, Mr. Khurshid co-founded Digital RFQ, a leading
digital payments service. From 2020 through 2021, Mr. Khurshid served as the COO of Droit Financial Technology, an enterprise
technology firm. Since 2021, Mr. Khurshid joined Financial Strategies Acquisition Corp in June 2021 as Chief Executive
Officer, subsequently resigning from the position in January 2022 remaining a director of the company. In August 2021 Mr. Khurshid was
appointed Chief Operating Officer at Nukkleus Inc, which has announced a pending merger with Brilliant Acquisition SPAC. Nukkleus is
a financial technology company whose shares are traded publicly in the U.S. In September 2021 he co-founded and is a director and Chairman
of Jacobi Asset Management Holdings Limited in the United Kingdom and parent company of Jacobi Asset Management PCC Limited, an ETF issuer
in Guernsey. In November 2021 he was appointed as Chief Operating Officer and Director of Caduceus Foundation, a blockchain technology
company in Singapore. He is a Board member of 4Phyll Private Limited, a BioPlastics technology company in Singapore and Non-Executive
Director for OneCycle Group, a chemical engineering technology provider in the UK. In 1997, Mr. Khurshid graduated from the University
of Reading in the United Kingdom with second class honours as a Bachelor of Science in Environmental Science. Mr. Khurshid was
voted by financial news as one of the top 40 under 40 in European trading and technology (2014) and ranked in the Exchange
invest Top 1000 most influential people in global financial markets in 2017. 

Eric
T. Shuss has extensive knowledge and expertise in growing and running high-tech companies, from start-ups to thriving ongoing
ventures. Over his 35-year career, he has worked at mid-to-large companies as a Senior Industry Analyst, Managing Consultant, Director
of Information Systems, Director of Operations, CEO, COO, Vice President, and President. These roles have been within high-profile businesses
in AI and Robotics, I.T./ERP sales and consulting firms, high-tech manufacturers, Telecomm, retail operations, and distributors. Most
recently, from May 2019 until present, Mr. Shuss has served as a Senior Industry Analyst for Avantiico representing the company in all
customer and partner interactions for its professional services practice. Prior to his current role, Mr. Shuss, managed and owned a consulting
business, Peryton Systems, from April 2016 to May 2019 which was an independent consulting firm engaged to facilitate the commercialization
of innovative technologies in Artificial Intelligence, VR/AR, ERP, Supply Chain and Logistics. Mr. Shuss has also held various other roles
including Senior Industry Analyst/Presales for Hitachi Corporation. Mr. Shuss is an author and futurist who serves on several advisory
boards and has a keen understanding of technology and can see the big picture to find ways for people to access and benefit from technology,
which is the key to his success. Mr. Shuss attended California State University Long Beach studying Computer Science. 

66 

Ned
L. Siegel has had a long and distinguished career as a senior U.S. government official
and businessman. He was appointed by then President George W. Bush as the U.S. Ambassador to the Commonwealth of the Bahamas from October
2007 to January 2009. He was also appointed by President Bush to serve under Ambassador John R. Bolton at the United Nations in New York,
serving as the Senior Advisor to the U.S. Mission and as the U.S. representative to the 61st Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
Prior to his ambassadorship, he was appointed to the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) from 2003
to 2007. Appointed by then Governor Jeb Bush, he served as a Member of the Board of Directors of Enterprise Florida, Inc. (EFI) from 1999-2004.
EFI is the state of Florida s primary organization promoting statewide economic development through its public-private partnership . In
addition to his public service, Ambassador Siegel has over 30 years of entrepreneurial successes. Presently, he serves as President of
The Siegel Group, a multi-disciplined international business management advisory firm specializing in real estate, energy, utilities,
infrastructure, financial services, oil and gas and cyber and secure technology. Ambassador Siegel also serves on the Board of Directors
and Advisory Boards of other numerous public and private companies, and private equity groups. He graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University
of Connecticut in 1973 and received a juris doctorate from the Dickinson School of Law in 1976. In December 2014, he received an honorary
degree of Doctor of Business Administration from the University of South Carolina. Mr. Siegel has previously served as a member of the
Board of Directors of Healthwarehouse.com, Inc. from June 2013 to September 2016, and GBT Technologies
Inc. from May 2017 to April 2000 . Since July 2021 to presence Mr. Siegel serves as director
with Worksport Ltd a public company, and since November 2021 to present on the board of LaRosa Holding Corp, currently in the process
of IPO on NASDAQ. Ambassador Siegel received a BA from the University of Connecticut in 1973 and JD from the Dickinson School
of Law in 1976. In December 2014, he received an honorary degree of Doctor of Business Administration from the University of South Carolina. 

Subash
Menon has been our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer from January 2021 until October 2022. Mr.
Menon is the Chief Executive Officer of Pelatro Plc, an AIM and LSE listed entity. Pelatro Plc offers campaign management and loyalty
management solutions for telecommunication companies and these solutions are part of the overall Customer Engagement space within the
telecom industry. At Pelatro, Mr. Menon is responsible for sales, marketing, finance, legal and investor relations. Prior to co-founding
Pelatro in 2013, Mr. Menon had founded and led Subex Limited for 20 years (from 1992 to 2012). Mr. Menon successfully took Subex from
startup stage, through an IPO to a company that generated revenue of over 110 million, with 200 customers across 80 countries. During
that period, Subex completed several acquisitions of companies in the U.S., UK and Canada. Under Mr. Menon s leadership, Subex achieved
several milestones the first software product company to list in India, the first Indian software company to acquire an overseas
company and the first Indian company to use GDR as an instrument for acquisition. For the innovative achievements Mr. Menon achieved at
Subex, he was named a Mover Shaker in the Indian software industry. Subex also won the NASSCOM Innovation Award 
and One of the 8 Most innovative Companies award from NASSCOM. Mr. Menon has a graduate degree in Electrical Engineering
from National Institute of Technology, Durgapur and is a Distinguished Alumnus. Mr. Menon has presented numerous papers on business at
international fora. 

Number of Officers and Directors 

We have six directors. We may
not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Our officers are elected by the
board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors
is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. 

67 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq requires that a majority
of our board of directors must be composed of independent directors, which is defined generally as a person other than an
officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s
board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. 

Messrs. Marshak, Khurshid, Shuss
and Siegel are our independent directors. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors
are present. Any affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Any
affiliated transactions must be approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has two
standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by
our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. Our audit committee and compensation committee and
nominating are composed solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. The members of our audit committee are Mr. Khurshid, Mr. Siegel and Mr. Shuss. Mr. Khurshid serves
as chairperson of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three
members on the audit committee. The rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a
listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Mr. Khurshid, Mr. Siegel and Mr. Shuss qualify as independent directors under
applicable rules. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Khurshid
qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee
charter which was filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 we filed with the SEC. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors consisting of three members. The members of our Compensation Committee are Mr. Siegel, Mr. Shuss and
Mr. Marshak. Mr. Siegel serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules,
we are required to have at least two members on the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which was filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1. 

68 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating
committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules.
In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee
for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the
responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors
who shall participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Bhat, Arun and Vora. In accordance with
Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not
have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will also
consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to
stand for appointment at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting). Our stockholders that
wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for
directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background,
diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability
to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Our board of directors is divided
into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class serving a three-year term. The term
of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Menon, will expire at the first annual general meeting. The term of office
of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Khurshid, Siegel and Shuss, will expire at the second annual general meeting.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Davis and Marshak, will expire at the third annual general
meeting. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of conduct
and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. We have filed a
copy of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1. You will be able to review these documents by accessing
our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided
without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in
a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

In general, officers and directors
of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation
if: 

69 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

In relation to the foregoing, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that: 

we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or being offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunities that are presented to us or our officers or directors or stockholders or affiliates thereof, including but not limited to, our initial stockholders and its affiliates, except as may be prescribed by any written agreement with us; and 

our officers and directors will not be liable to our company or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of any of our activities or any of our initial stockholders or its affiliates to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our
officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor these fiduciary obligations under applicable law. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity
is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

The following table summarizes the relevant pre-existing fiduciary
or contractual obligations of our officers and directors following the Instant Agreement: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Position at affiliated entity 
 
 Douglas Davis 
 
 Instant Fame LLC 
 Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive, Accounting Financial Officer and Director 

The following table summarizes the relevant pre-existing fiduciary
or contractual obligations of our officers and directors before the IF Agreement: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Position at affiliated entity 
 
 Subash Menon 
 
 Pelatro PLC 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Sudeesh Yezhuvath 
 
 Pelatro PLC 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Nicholos Hellyer 
 
 Pelatro PLC 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Mr. Vishant Vora 
 
 Mavenir 
 President of Global Operations 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following
other potential conflicts of interest: 

70 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

Our sponsors, executive officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they hold in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsors, executive officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months after the closing of the IPO (or times as extended), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement units will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial stockholders until the earlier of (1) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (2) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement units and the securities underlying such units will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial stockholders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our initial stockholders and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following the IPO, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our initial stockholders, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our initial stockholders or an affiliate of our initial stockholders or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be, at the option of the lender, convertible into placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Such units would be identical to the private placement units, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

Our initial stockholders, officers and directors may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved
in our favor. 

71 

We are not prohibited from pursuing
an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors. In the event we
seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In the event that we submit our
initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsors, executive officers, and directors have agreed to vote
their founder shares and any public shares purchased in or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law,
as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our
directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent
such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the DGCL. 

We will enter into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee
for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will obtain
a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise
benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs
of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions,
the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented
and experienced officers and directors. 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

No executive officer has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will
be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the
reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement,
or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

72 

ITEM 12 SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of April 7, 2023. 

The
following table sets forth as of April 7, 2023 the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is
known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (ii) each
of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of April,, 7, 2023, we had 5,463,613 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock (2) 
 
 Subash Menon - Director 
 0 
 0.00 
 
 Craig J. Marshak - Director 
 0 
 0.00 
 
 Jamal "jamie" Khurshid - Director 
 0 
 0.00 
 
 Eric T. Shuss - Director 
 0 
 0.00 
 
 Ned L. Siegel - Director 
 0 
 0.00 
 
 Douglas Davis - Director 
 385,000 
 7.05 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (6 individuals) 
 385,000 
 7.05 
 
 Holders of 5 of more of our Common Stock 

Periscope Capital Inc. (4) 
 100,000 
 1.83 
 
 Karpus Investment Management (5) 
 541,900 
 9.92 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (6) 
 102,928 
 1.88 
 
 Mizhuho Financial Group, Inc. (7) 
 627,795 
 11.49 
 
 Instant Fame, LLC 
 385,000 
 7.05 

Less than 1 . 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 8265 West Sunset Blvd, Suite # 107, West Hollywood, CA 90046. 

(2) Based on 5,463,613 shares of common stock outstanding. 

(3) Intentionally left blank. 

(4) Based on a Schedule 13G as filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023. The business address of the reporting person is 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H2R2. Holding were calculated based on 13G less 333,923 redemptions 

(5) Based on a Schedule 13G as filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023. The business address of the reporting person is 183 Sully s Trail, Pittsford, New York 14534. 

(6) Based on a Schedule 13G/A as filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022. The business address of the reporting person is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, NY 10174. Holding were calculated based on 13G less 473,483 redemptions 

(7) Based on a Schedule 13G as filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022. The business address of the reporting person is 1-5-5, Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8716, Japan. 

73 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 Our initial stockholders purchased
1,437,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 14,375. In connection with the increase in the offering size, we declared
a 20 stock dividend resulting in 1,725,000 founder shares outstanding of which 225,000 shares are subject to forfeiture. Prior to the
closing of the IPO, the anchor investors purchased 762,500 founder shares from our sponsor. 

Our sponsors and the anchor investors
purchased (in the form of cash or debt cancellation) an aggregate of 406,000 private placement units for 3,700,000. The private placement
units (including the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants included therein) may not, subject
to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

As more fully discussed in elsewhere
herein, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business
combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our executive officers and directors
currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Upon closing of the IPO, we entered
into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which we agreed to pay an affiliate of one of our officers a total of 5,000 per
month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and other administrative and consulting services. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial
business combination takes the maximum 21 months (unless extended more), we will pay a total of 105,000 5,000 per month) for office
space, utilities, secretarial support and other administrative and consulting services. 

Our sponsors, executive officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsors, officers, directors or our or their affiliates
and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our initial stockholders or an affiliate of our initial
stockholders or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be, at the option of the lender, convertible into units at
a price of 10.00 per unit of the post business combination entity. The units would be identical to the private placement units, including,
as to the private placement warrants included therein, as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans,
if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties
other than our initial stockholders or an affiliate of our initial stockholders or certain officers and directors as we do not believe
third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust
account. 

74 

We do not intend to pay consulting,
finders or success fees to our officer and directors in connection with any business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were
made to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After our initial business combination,
members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any
and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation. 

In connection with the IPO, we
entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and private placement units (and underlying securities). 

On
October 20, 2022, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, Instant Fame LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Instant ),
acquired an aggregate of 385,000 shares of common stock of the Company from Bannix Management LLP (the Sponsor ), Balaji
Venugopal Bhat, Nicholos Hellyer, Subbanarasimhaiah Arun, Vishant Vora and Suresh Yezhuvath and 90,000 private placement units from Suresh
Yezhuvath (collectively, the Sellers in a private transaction. The Sellers immediately loaned the entire proceeds to the
Company for the working capital requirements of the Company. This loan will be forfeited by the Sellers upon liquidation or business combination.
In connection with this transaction, all parties agreed that there will be certain changes to the Board of Directors. 

On
December 13, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note in favor of Instant, in the principal amount
of 690,000. The proceeds of the Note were utilized by the Company to obtain the first three-month extension of the period for the Company
to consummate a business combination. The Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of a business combination by the Company.
If the Company fails to consummate a business combination, the outstanding debt under the Note will be forgiven, except to the extent
of any funds held outside of the Company s trust account after paying all other fees and expenses of the Company. 

On
March 13, 2023, the Board, at the request of the Sponsor, determined to implement a first Extension and to extend the Deadline Date for
an additional month to April 14, 2023. In connection with the Sponsor s contribution for the Extension, which was funded on March
10, 2023, on March 13, 2023, Bannix issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor with a principal amount equal to 75,000 (the Extension
Note ). The Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of Bannix s
initial business combination, or (b) the date of Bannix s liquidation. If Bannix does not consummate an initial business combination
by the Deadline Date, the Notes will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise
forgiven. 

75 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee of our board
of directors has adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of related
party transactions. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each
related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length dealings
with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction
contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying the transaction
to be in the best interests of the company and its stockholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may have on a director s
status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s committees. Management will present
to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under
the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance
with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion
of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 

During the period from January
21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the firm of Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. Rotenberg ),
independent registered public accounting firm, has acted as our principal independent registered public accounting firm. Rotenberg been
merged or bought by a different firm name Marcum LLP Marcum which continue to serve as the principal independent registered
public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Rotenberg and/or Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are
normally provided by Rotenberg in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Rotenberg for professional services
rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective
periods, the registration statement, the closing 8-K and other required filings with the SEC for the period from January 21, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 totaled 92,000. The above amount includes interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at
audit committee meetings. For the year ended on December 31, 2022, the Company paid Marcum and/or Rotenberg 75,500. 

Audit-Related Fees. 
We did not pay Rotenberg or Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended on December
31, 2022 or for the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees. We paid
Marcum 5,000 for tax planning and advice for the year ended December 31, 2022. We did not pay Rotenberg or Marcum for tax planning and
tax advice for the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees. 
We did not pay Rotenberg or Marcum for other services for the year ended on December 31, 2022, or for the period from January 21, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval of Services 

Since our audit committee had
not yet been formed when the work commenced in 2021, the audit committee was not able to pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although
all such services were approved by our board of directors. All services subsequent to the formation of the audit committee have been approved
by the audit committee. 

76 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following are filed with this report: 

(1) 
 The financial statements listed on the Financial Statements Table of Contents 

(2) 
 Not applicable 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed with this report.
Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated September 10, 2021, by and between the Registrant and I-Bankers Securities, Inc., as representatives of underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2021) 

1.2 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated September 10, 2021, by and between the Registrant and I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2021) 

3.1 
 
 Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2021) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2021) 

3.3 
 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated March 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 10, 2023) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 2, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 2, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 2, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated September 10, 2021 between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 15, 2021 

77 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated September 10, 2021, among the Registrant and its officers, directors and initial stockholders, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated September 10, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 10, 2021, among the Registrant and each of the anchor investors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated September 10, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Bannix Management (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, dated September 10, 2021, among the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officer and directors of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 15, 2021) 

10.8 
 
 Promissory Note in factor of Instant Fame LLC dated December 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 14, 2022) 

10.9 
 
 Amendment to Investment Management Trust Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 10, 2023) 

10.10 
 
 Promissory Note dated March 13, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 14, 2023) 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 16, 2021) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

78 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 

Dated: April 11, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Douglas Davis 

Name: 
 Douglas Davis 

Title: 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive, Accounting and Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Douglas Davis 
 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Douglas Davis 
 
 (Principal Executive, Accounting and Financial Officer) 

79 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 

 FORM 10-k FOR THE
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #688) 
 F-2 

Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheet 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-30 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
of Bannix Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of
Bannix Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statement of operations, stockholders 
equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a limited working capital,
has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. Additionally,
the Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation and dissolution, it is possible that a business combination might not occur
within the remaining time available. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April 11, 2023 

F- 2 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expense 

Total Current Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Due to Related Parties 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriters discount 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Common stock subject to possible redemption at redemption value on December 31, 2022 and carrying value, to be accreted to redemption value at December 31, 2021 

Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares or outstanding 

Common stock, par value ; authorized shares; issued ; and outstanding shares (excluding shares subject to redemption and Treasury Stock shares) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Less Treasury Stock; at cost; common shares 

() 

() 
 
 Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

() 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

F- 3 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from January 21, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs (including of related party expenses in 2021) 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income on trust account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Offering expenses related to warrant issuance 

Other income, net 

Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022,
AND FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 21, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Treasury 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Stock 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of January 21, 2021 (Inception) 

Issuance of common stock to Sponsors (1)(2)(3) 

Purchase of common stock from Sponsors 

Sale of 6,900,000 Units through initial public offering 

Sale of 406,000 Private Placement Units 

Issuance of 393,000 Representative Shares 

Additional capital contribution via forfeiture of loan from Sponsor 

Underwriters discount 

Deferred underwriter discount 

Other offering expenses 

Offering costs related to warrants 

Initial classification of warrant liability private 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, at accreted value 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Reversal of Delaware franchise tax 

Instant Fame Securities Purchase Agreement 

Instant Fame Securities Purchase Agreement 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities: 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Unrealized gain on investments in Trust Account 

Interest income on trust account 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to Related Parties 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Withdrawal from Trust Account to pay taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from Sellers in the Stock Purchase Agreement 

Loans from related party 

Proceeds from promissory note to Instant Fame 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriters discount of 

Proceeds from issuance of Private Placement Units 

Proceeds from sale of common stock to Sponsors 

Deferred offering costs 

Promissory note payable to sponsor 

Loans from Sponsors 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: 

Initial value of warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions payable charged to additional paid in capital 

Initial value of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Repurchase of treasury stock included in due to related parties 

Repurchase of treasury stock included in loans payable - Sponsors 

Repayment of loans and promissory note to Sponsor through the issuance of Private Placement Units 

Offering costs paid by Sponsor 

Additional capital contribution via forfeiture of loan from Sponsor 

Stock dividend on Founder Shares 

Value of Representative Shares 

Reverse over accrual of Delaware franchise tax 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

The Board was also increased
from two to seven and Craig Marshak and Douglas Davis were appointed as Co-Chairmans of the Board of Directors effective immediately.
Further, Jamal Khurshid, Eric T. Shuss and Ned L. Siegel were appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company effective ten days after
the mailing of a Schedule 14f Information Statement. The resignations referenced above were not the result of any disagreement with management
or the Board. 

On November 10, 2022,
Sudeesh Yezhuvath resigned as a director of the Company for personal reasons. The resignation was not the result of any disagreements
with management or the Board. 

Due to vacancies as results
of board members departure, on November 11, 2022 the Board made the following decisions: (i) Jamie Khurshid, Ned Siegel and Eric Shuss
each have been identified as being financially literate and independent under the SEC and Nasdaq Rules shall be appointed to the Audit
Committee to serve until their successors are qualified and appointed with such appointment subject to the mailing of that certain Schedule
14F Information Statement. Mr. Khurshid will chair the audit committee. (ii) Mr. Siegel, Mr. Shuss and Craig Marshak each have been identified
as being independent under the SEC and Nasdaq Rules shall be appointed to the Compensation Committee to serve until their successors are
qualified and appointed with such appointment subject to the mailing of that certain Schedule 14F Information Statement. (iii) Messrs.
Davis and Marshak shall be appointed as Class III directors, Subash Menon will be appointed as a Class I director and, subject to the
mailing of the Schedule 14F Information Statement, Messrs. Khurshid, Siegel and Shuss shall be appointed as the Class II directors. 

The registration statements
for the Company s IPO were declared effective on September 9, 2021 and September 10, 2021 (the Effective Date ). On
September 14, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of 6,900,000 units at 10.00 per unit (the Units ), which is discussed
in Note 2. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock (the Public Shares ), one redeemable warrant to purchase one share
of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one
share of common stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Concurrent with the IPO,
the Company consummated the issuance of 406,000 private placement units (the Private Placement Units as follows: the Company
sold 181,000 Private Placement Units to certain investors for aggregate cash proceeds of 2,460,000 and issued an additional 225,000 private
placement units to the Sponsor in exchange for the cancellation of 1,105,000 in loans and a promissory note due to them (see Note 5).
Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of common stock, one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of common stock at a price
of 11.50 per whole share and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock
upon the consummation of the Business Combination. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application
of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally
applied toward consummating a Business Combination. 

Transaction costs incurred
related to the IPO were 8,746,087, consisting of 1,845,000 in underwriter s discount paid at the time of the offering, 225,000
in underwriting expense to be paid in the future, 2,861,040 in fair value of representative shares to the underwriters, 3,244,453 in
fair value of Anchor Investors shares, 10,834 fair value of Associate shares and 559,760 in other offering costs. Of the total incurred,
 33,223 was allocated to the warrants and charged to expense and 8,712,864 was charged to temporary equity. 

Trust Account 

Following the closing
of the IPO on September 14, 2021, an amount of 69,690,000 10.10 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO
and Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended
investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as
determined by the Company. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company
to pay its franchise and income tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from this
offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (a) the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (c) the redemption of the Company s Public
Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering, or within
any period of extension, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of
the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. 

On December 13, 2022,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note in favor of Instant Fame, in the principal amount of .
The proceeds of the Note were utilized by the Company to obtain the first three-month extension of the period for the Company to consummate
a business combination. The Company has until March 14, 2023, unless extended, to consummate a Business Combination. The Note does not
bear interest and matures upon closing of a Business Combination by the Company. If the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination,
the outstanding debt under the Note will be forgiven, except to the extent of any funds held outside of the Company s trust account
after paying all other fees and expenses of the Company. 

On March 8, 2023, the
Company held a special meeting and approved the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination to April 14, 2023. Associated
with the extension of the deadline to consummate a business combination, of additional funds have been deposited into the Trust
Account. 

In March 2023, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note (the March 2023 Note in favor of Instant, in the principal amount of . The proceeds
of the March 2023 Note were utilized by the Company to obtain a one-month extension of the period for the Company to consummate a Business
Combination. The March 2023 Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of a Business Combination by the Company. If the Company
fails to consummate a Business Combination, the outstanding debt under the March 2023 Note will be forgiven, except to the extent of any
funds held outside of the Company s Trust Account after paying all other fees and expenses of the Company. 

Initial Business Combination 

The Company had 15
months from the closing of the offering to consummate the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company anticipates that it
may not be able to consummate the initial Business Combination within 15 months, the Company may, by resolution of the board if
requested by the initial stockholders, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to two times, each by an
additional three months (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a Business Combination) (the Combination Period ),
subject to the new Sponsors depositing additional funds into the Trust Account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of the bylaws
and the trust agreement entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company on the date of this
prospectus, in order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate the initial Business Combination, the new Sponsors,
upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust Account for each three-month extension,
 690,000 0.10 per share in either case) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, up to an aggregate of 1,380,000, or
approximately 0.20 per share. In the event that the Company receives notice from the new Sponsors five days prior to the applicable
deadline of its wish for the Company to effect an extension, the Company intends to issue a press release announcing such intention
at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, the Company intends to issue a press release the day after the
applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. The new Sponsors and its affiliates or designees
are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete the initial Business Combination. If the
Company is unable to consummate the initial Business Combination within the applicable time period, the Company will, promptly but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account
and promptly following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in each case to the obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law. In such event, the rights and warrants will be worthless. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial
Business Combination must be approved by a majority of the independent directors. 

On December 13, 2022,
the Company extended the Combination period by three months from December 14, 2022 to March 14, 2023 with a deposit of 0.10
per share) in the Trust Account. 

On March 8, 2023, the
Company held a special meeting and approved the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination to April 14, 2023. Associated
with the extension of the deadline to consummate a business combination, of additional funds have been deposited into the Trust
Account. 

The Company anticipates
structuring the initial Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which the public stockholders own shares will
own or acquire substantially all of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. The Company may, however, structure
the initial Business Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than substantially all of such interests
or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons,
but the Company will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, the stockholders prior to the initial Business
Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and
the Company in the Business Combination transaction. For example, the Company could pursue a transaction in which the Company issue a
substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of shares or other equity interests. In this case,
the Company would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new
shares, the stockholders immediately prior to the initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of the outstanding shares
subsequent to the initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses
are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will
be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the initial Business Combination involves more than one target business, the
80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses even if the acquisitions of the target businesses
are not closed simultaneously. 

Although the Company
believes that the net proceeds of the offering will be sufficient to allow the Company to consummate a Business Combination, because
the Company has not yet identified any prospective target business, the Company cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any
particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the Business
Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, or because the Company becomes obligated to
redeem a significant number of the Public Shares upon consummation of the initial Business Combination, the Company will be required
to seek additional financing, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
Business Combination. Furthermore, the Company may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to
complete the initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan upon or after consummation of the initial Business
Combination. The Company does not have a maximum debt leverage ratio or a policy with respect to how much debt the Company may
incur. The amount of debt the Company will be willing to incur will depend on the facts and circumstances of the proposed Business
Combination and market conditions at the time of the potential Business Combination. At this time, the Company is not party to any
arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising additional funds through the sale of the securities or the
incurrence of debt. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company would only consummate such financing
simultaneously with the consummation of the initial Business Combination. 

Nasdaq rules require
that the initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value
of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding advisory fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. If the board is not able to independently determine the fair
market value of the target business or businesses, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an
independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company does not intend to purchase multiple businesses
in unrelated industries in connection with the initial Business Combination. 

The Company will provide
its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of the initial Business
Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) by means of
a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely at its discretion. The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro
rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially approximately 10.10 per share, plus any pro rata interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations plus additional deposits
to extend the Combination Period). 

The initial carrying
value of the common stock subject to redemption is recorded at an amount equal to the proceeds of the public offering less (i) the fair
value of the public warrants and less (ii) offering costs allocable to the common stock sold as part of the units in the IPO. Such initial
carrying value is classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

The Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will it redeem the public shares in an amount that would cause the
Company s net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the consummation of the Business Combination
(so that the Company is not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of the Company s public shares
may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to the Business Combination.
For example, the Business Combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance
with the terms of the Business Combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration the Company would be required to pay for all
shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms
of the Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to the Company, it will not complete the Business Combination
or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

The new Sponsors, officers
and directors and Representative (as defined in Note 6) have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder
Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with
respect to their Founder Shares (as defined below) and Public Shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to
the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from
the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination
Period. 

The Company s new
Sponsors have agreed that they will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or
products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.46
per Public Share (subject to increase of up to an additional 75,000 per month in the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination as set forth in the Extension Amendment) and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.46 per share due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has not asked its new Sponsors to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether its new Sponsors have sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that the Company s new Sponsors only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure
that its new Sponsors would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources, and Going
Concern 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had in cash and a working capital deficit of . 

The Company s liquidity
needs through December 31, 2022, were satisfied through (1) a capital contribution from the Sponsors of for common stock Founder
Shares and (2) loans from Sponsors and new Sponsors and related parties in order to pay offering costs and other working capital
needs. In addition, in order to fund transaction costs in connection with a possible Business Combination, the Company s new Sponsors,
an affiliate of the new Sponsors, and/or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide
the Company Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no loans associated with the Working Capital Loans. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed and to Sponsors, new Sponsors and related parties. See Note 5 for further
disclosure of Sponsor, new Sponsors and related party loans. 

Based on the foregoing,
management believes that the Company may not have sufficient funds and borrowing capacity to meet its operating needs through the consummation
of a Business Combination through the extended term of the Company which expires on April 14, 2023 (as extended). Over this time period,
the Company will be utilizing the funds in the operating bank account to pay existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective
initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting
the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. As of the date of
the filing of this report, management has indicated that it does intend to extend the term of the Company after its initial term expires. 

The Company is within
12 months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the date of the filing of this report. In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations, the Company has until April 14, 2023 (as extended) to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain
that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by that time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this
date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. The Company has determined that the insufficient
funds to meet the operating needs of the Company through the liquidation date as well as the mandatory liquidation, should a business
combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

These financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management is currently
evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In February 2022, the
Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including
the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and
related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

Consideration
of Inflation Reduction Act Excise Tax 

On August 16, 2022, the
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a
new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market
value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any redemption or other
repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject
to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination,
extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases
in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and
amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection
with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and
other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder,
the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available
on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

Investment Company
Act 1940 

Under the current rules and
regulations of the SEC we are not deemed an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act; however, on March 30,
2022, the SEC proposed new rules (the Proposed Rules relating, among other matters, to the circumstances in which
SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The Proposed Rules
provide a safe harbor for companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the
Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe
harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the
safe harbor, the Proposed Rules would require a company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an
agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the
SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial
business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of such registration statement. There is currently uncertainty
concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours. Although we entered into a
definitive business combination agreement within 18 months after the effective date of our registration statement relating to our
initial public offering, there is a risk that we may not complete our initial business combination within 24 months of such date. As
a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we were
deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete
an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be
able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of
our stock and warrants following such a transaction. Currently, the funds in our trust account are held only in money market funds
investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act. The Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer which (i) is or holds itself out as being engaged
primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities; (ii) is engaged or
proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type, or has been engaged in such business
and has any such certificate outstanding; or (iii) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the
value of its total assets (exclusive of Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. On or immediately prior to
the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of our registration statement relating to our initial public offering, we intend to
review and assess our primary line of business and the value of our investment securities as compared to the value of our total
assets to determine whether we may be deemed an investment company. The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in money
market funds, there is a greater risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company. In the event we are deemed an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, whether based upon our activities, the investment of our funds, or as a result
of the Proposed Rules being adopted by the SEC, we may determine that we are required to liquidate the money market funds held in
our trust account and may thereafter hold all funds in our trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation of our business
combination or liquidation. As a result, if we were to switch all funds to cash, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on
the funds held in our trust account after such time, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon
any redemption or liquidation of our Company. 

t have
any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 

Level
2 Inputs - Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
These might include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or
liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (such as interest
rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds, credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data
by correlation or other means. 

Level 3 Inputs - Unobservable
inputs for determining the fair values of assets or liabilities that reflect an entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. 

warrants issued in connection with the IPO and private placement in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC Topic
815, Derivatives and Hedging whereby under that provision, the Private Warrants did not meet the criteria for equity treatment
and were recorded as a liability and the Public Warrants met the criteria for equity treatment. Accordingly, the Company classified the
Private Warrants as a liability at fair value upon issuance and adjusts them to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is
re-measured at each balance sheet date until the Private Warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized
in the Company s statements of operations. 

. The excess value of the shares and private placement units acquired of is reported
as a component of stockholders equity. 

0.10 per share) in the Trust Account the Company changed the methodology
on a go-forward basis to recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable
common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable
common stock are affected by charges against additional paid-in-capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an increase in the redemption value of because of earnings on the Trust
Account and additional deposits that exceed amounts payable for taxes. While the Company may use earnings on the Trust Account to pay
its tax obligations, as of December 31, 2022, has been withdrawn by the Company from the Trust Account to pay its tax obligations. 

On December 31, 2022 and 2021, the common stock reflected
in the balance sheet is reconciled in the following table: 

Less: 

common stock issuance costs 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of shares subject to redemption 

common stock subject to possible redemption on December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of shares subject to redemption 

common stock subject to possible redemption on December 31, 2022 

ASC 740 also clarifies
the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.
ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and
transition. 

The Company has identified
the United States and the State of California as its only major tax jurisdictions. 

The Company is subject
to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning the timing and amount
of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s
management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Tax benefits of uncertain
tax positions are recognized only if it is more likely than not that the Company will be able to sustain a position taken on an income
tax return. The Company has no liability for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest and penalties, if any,
related to unrecognized tax benefits would be recognized as income tax expense. The Company does not have any accrued interest or penalties
associated with unrecognized tax benefits, nor was any significant interest expense recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022
and for the period January 21, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021. 

warrants were excluded from the diluted income per share calculation since the exercise price of the warrants is greater than
the average market price of the common stock. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic loss per share for
the period presented. 

Weighted Average Shares of common stock 

Basic and diluted income (loss) per share 

per share as of September 8, 2021, or an
aggregate of for the Founder Shares. The Founder Shares were granted at no cost to the recipients. The excess fair value
over the amount paid is , which is the amount of share-based compensation expense which the Company will recognize upon consummation
of an initial business combination. 

All of the 6,900,000 shares
of common stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares
in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination
and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s
guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control
of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

and issued an additional 225,000 Private Placement Units to a Sponsor in exchange for the cancellation of approximately
 1,105,000 in loans and a promissory note due to them. Each Private Placement Unit consisted of one share of common stock, one redeemable
warrant to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share and one right. 

On October 20, 2022, pursuant
to the SPA, the new Sponsors acquired an aggregate of 385,000 shares of common stock and 90,000 private placement units of the Company
from the Sellers in a private transaction. Management of the Company determined the fair value of the shares and private placement units
acquired to be . The excess value of the shares and private placement units acquired of is reported as a component
of stockholders equity. 

Founder Shares to other investors Other Investors at no costs. 

The Sponsors, new Sponsors,
Other Investors, Anchor Investors, directors and officer have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell the Founder Shares until the earlier
to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the public stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. The Company refers to such transfer
restrictions as the lock-up . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds
 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released
from the lock-up. 

Working Capital Loans Sponsors
and New Sponsors 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the new Sponsors or an affiliate of the new Sponsors or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes a Business Combination,
the Company would repay the loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the loans would be repaid
only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay
the loans. On December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were loans outstanding under the working capital loan program. 

Pre-IPO Promissory Note Sponsor

On February 15, 2021, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note to Yezhuvath, as and when required, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate
principal amount of 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. The note was non-interest bearing and unsecured.
As of December 31, 2022, all of the note had been drawn down and fully repaid upon the closing of the IPO through the issuance
of Private Placement Units. 

Pre-IPO Loans Sponsors 

Prior to the completion
of the IPO, the Company entered into an additional loan agreement with Yezhuvath to finance the expenses associated with preparing for
the IPO as follows: 

The Company entered into
a loan agreement with Yezhuvath with the following terms: 

1. 
 The Company borrowed approximately 805,000 under the loan agreement as follows: 
 
 a. 
 Deferred
offering costs of 50,000 were directly paid by the Sponsor. 
 
 b. 
 The
Company repurchased treasury stock of 7,375 from the Sponsor. 
 
 c. 
 Proceeds
of approximately 747,625 was received directly into the Company from the Sponsor. 
 
 2. 
 Advances under the loan agreement are unsecured and do not bear interest. 

3. 
 Following the consummation of the IPO, the loan was repaid/forfeited as follows: 
 
 a. 
 Against
the first approximate 1,030,000 of the note and loan agreement (inclusive of the 300,000 note discussed above), 210,000 Private Placement
Units were issued. 
 
 b. 
 Against
the next 75,000 of loan, 15,000 Private Placement Units were issued. 

Yezhuvath agreed to make
an additional loan to the Company of 225,000 pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment which would only be drawn down at the time
of the Business Combination. The proceeds would be used to pay a portion of the incremental underwriting discount on the over-allotment
shares which the underwriter has agreed to defer the receipt of until a Business Combination is consummated. Yezhuvath has agreed to forgive
this amount without any additional securities being issued against it. 

On April 12, 2021, the Company
entered into a loan agreement with Rao for an amount of 270,000. The loan did not bear interest and was unsecured. In connection with
the successful IPO, the loan was forfeited and not repaid by the Company and was considered a capital contribution without any additional
securities being issued. 

Due to Related
Parties 

The balance on December
31, 2022 in Due to Related Parties totaled 1,002,850 consists of the following transactions: 

1. 
 Suresh
 Yezhuvath loaned the Company . 

2 
 Subash
 Menon paid expenses on behalf of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owed him for such expenses. 

3. 
 As
 a result of a change in the size of the offering, the Company agreed to repurchase 700,000 shares of common stock from Bannix Management
 LLP for total consideration of 7,000. 

4. 
 Pursuant
 to the Administrative Support Agreement, the Company has accrued 78,333 for rent since September 2021 for which it was a publicly
 listed company. 

5. 
 Pursuant
 to a Securities Purchase Agreement, related parties loaned the Company of which is expected to be forfeited by the lender. 

6 
 Pursuant
 to the December 13, 2022 Note with Instant Fame the Company owes . 

The Note is non-interest
bearing and repayable on the consummation of a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated the Note will not be
repaid and all amounts owed hereunder will be forgiven except to the extent that the Company has funds available to it outside of the
Trust Account. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

Commencing on the date
of the IPO, the Company has agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided
to members of the management team, in the amount of 5,000 per month. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s
liquidation, it will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had incurred pursuant
to the agreement. For the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company had incurred 18,333 pursuant
to the agreement. 

is included in prepaid expenses on the balance sheets. 

Other Investors 

Other Investors were
granted an aggregate of Founder Shares at no costs from Suresh Yezhuvath in March 2021. The Company valued the Founder Shares at
approximately per share or in the aggregate at the date of the grant. 

The Other Investors have
not been granted any stockholder or other rights that are in addition to those granted to the Company s other public stockholders.
The Other Investors will have no rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares held by them. The Other
Investors will have the same rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the common stock underlying the Units they
purchase at the IPO as the rights afforded to the Company s other public stockholders. 

Anchor Investors 

The Anchor Investors entered
into separate letter agreements with the Company and the Sponsors pursuant to which, subject to the conditions set forth therein, the
Anchor Investors purchased, upon the closing of the IPO on September 14, 2021, Private Placement Units and Founder Shares
on September 9, 2021 Anchor Shares in the total). The Company valued the Founder Shares at per share at the date
of the purchase. 

The Anchor Investors have
not been granted any stockholder or other rights that are in addition to those granted to the Company s other public stockholders
and purchased the Founder Shares for nominal consideration with an excess of the fair value of . Each Anchor Investor has agreed
in its individually negotiated letter agreement entered into with the Company to vote its Anchor Shares to approve the Company s
initial Business Combination. The Anchor Investors will have no rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Anchor
Shares held by them. The Anchor Investors will have the same rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the common
stock underlying the Units they purchase at the IPO (excluding the common stock included in the Private Placement Units purchased) as
the rights afforded to the Company s other public stockholders. 

each. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were 3,961,500 shares of common stock issued and shares of common stock outstanding, excluding shares
subject to possible redemption. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote. In connection with the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, authorized shares were increased to . As of the consummation of the Company s
IPO on September 14, 2021, there were 9,424,000 shares of common stock issued, inclusive of those subject to possible redemption, consisting
of (1) 6,900,000 shares related to the Units sold in the IPO, (2) 406,000 shares related to the Private Placement Units sold concurrently
with the IPO, (3) 1,725,000 Founder Shares and (4) 393,000 Representative Shares. 

Treasury Stock 
 On June 21, 2021 the Sponsors agreed to deliver the Company 1,437,500 shares of common stock beneficially owned by the Sponsors.
The amount payable to Yezhuvath of was repaid as part of the Private Placement Units issued to him (see Note 5) and the amount
of payable to Bannix Management LLP is included in Due to Related Parties as of December 31, 2022. 

Rights 
Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in the Business Combination, each holder of a right will automatically
receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of the Business Combination, even if the holder of a right converted
all shares held by him, her or it in connection with the Business Combination or an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
with respect to its pre-Business Combination activities. In the event that the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion
of the Business Combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive
the one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock underlying each right upon consummation of the Business Combination. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional share of common stock upon consummation
of Business Combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates
of the Company). If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving
entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of the rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of
shares of common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis. 

If the Company
calls the warrants for redemption as described above, the management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. If management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay
the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market
value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the
date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

If the Company
is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust
Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire
worthless. 

The following
presents the Company s fair value hierarchy for the 406,000 Private Warrants issued which are classified as liabilities measured
at fair value as of December 31, 2022: 

Total 

The following presents the
Company s fair value hierarchy for the 406,000 Private Warrants issued which are classified as liabilities measured at fair value
as of the December 31, 2021: 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 

Private Warrants 

Total 

The following table summarizes
key inputs and the models used in the valuation of the Company s Private Warrants as of December 31, 2022: 

Exercise Price 

Expected Term 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

The following table summarizes
key inputs and the models used in the valuation of the Company s Private Warrants as of December 31, 2021: 

Private Warrants 

Valuation Method Utilized 
 Modified Black Scholes 
 
 Stock Price 

Exercise Price 

Expected Term 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

The following table presents
the changes in Level 3 liability for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Change in fair value of Private Warrants 

Fair value of Private Warrants on December 31, 2022 

The following table presents
the changes in the Private Warrant liability, measured on a recurring basis, classified as Level 3, for the period from January 21, 2021
(inception) to December 31, 2021: 

Fair value of Private Warrants on January 21, 2021 (Inception) 

Initial fair value of Private Warrants on September 14, 2021 

Change in fair value of Private Warrants 

Fair value of Private Warrants on December 31, 2021 

Unrealized gain/loss Trust 

Federal net operating loss 

State net operating loss 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset (liability), net of allowance 

The income tax provision
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 consists of the following: 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

The Company s net
operating loss carryforward as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively, will be carried forward indefinitely. 

In assessing the realization
of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during
the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration
of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the
deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in the
valuation allowance was . For the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation
allowance was . 

A reconciliation of the
federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Permanent book/tax differences: 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Warrant issuance costs 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

The Company files income
tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing
authorities, since inception. 

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e4583_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Douglas Davis, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bannix Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 11, 2023 

/s/
 Douglas Davis 

Douglas Davis 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive,
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 e4583_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Bannix Acquisition
Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: April 11, 2023 

/s/ Douglas Davis 

Douglas Davis 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive, Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 binxu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 binxu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 binxu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 binxu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

