<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230511_10-K_edgar_data_719274_0000950170-23-021390.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25547184</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1517290</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4696884</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12207260</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2700318</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3910281</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>32</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-021390.hdr.sgml : 20230511
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230511172908
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-021390
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		146
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230511
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230511

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GIGA TRONICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000719274
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		IRS NUMBER:				942656341
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14605
		FILM NUMBER:		23912353

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5990 GLEASON DR
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94568
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9253294650

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5990 GLEASON DR
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94568

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-021390.txt : 20230511

10-K
 1
 giga-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Fiscal Year 2021 to Fiscal Year 2020 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 
 
 ORPORATED 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

. , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTCQB Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on June 30, 2022, was . 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of May 8, 2023 was . 

\ 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 [# of Firm Id] 
 Auditor Name: 
 [Name of Auditor Firm] 
 Auditor Location: 
 [City, State/Province, Country] 

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 17 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 38 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 38 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 

Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 39 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 50 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 51 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 51 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 52 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 52 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 56 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 59 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 60 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 61 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 62 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 64 

Signatures 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, including our liquidity, our receipt of future orders and whether our backlog will result in orders. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including anticipates, believes, expects, can, continue, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predict, should or will or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions; uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels or activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Our expectations are as of the date this Report is filed, and we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date this Report is filed to confirm these statements to actual results, unless required by law. 
 
 This Report also contains estimates and other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other industry data. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. We have not independently verified the statistical and other industry data generated by independent parties and contained in this Report and, accordingly, we cannot guarantee their accuracy or completeness, though we do generally believe the data to be reliable. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the industries in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of risks and uncertainties due to a variety of factors, including that (i) we will continue to secure orders and backlog in 2023 and that our Giga-tronics legacy business development efforts to generate new orders (which currently essentially has no backlog) will improve, (ii) we will secure adequate cash to bridge operations, (iii) the ongoing geopolitical military conflict (including, the Russian war on Ukraine, tensions with China and Taiwan and unrest in the Middle East) will continue, (iv) supply chain turmoil and inflation will continue to affect customer demand for our product offerings, (v) defense budgets for electronic technology solutions that we provide will not decrease, (vi) our key medical customer will not reduce expected orders, and (vii) those other risks and described in Item 1A - Risk Factors and in this Report. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 
 PA RT I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated doing business as Gresham Worldwide engaged in three groups serving primarily the global defense industry the Precision Electronic Solutions group, the Radio Frequency RF Solutions Group and the Power Electronics and Display Group. We design, manufacture, and distribute specialized precision electronic solutions, automated test solutions, power electronics, supply and distribution solutions, display solutions and radio, microwave and millimeter wave communication systems and components for a variety of applications with a focus on the global defense industry for military airborne, sea and ground applications including high fidelity signal simulation and recording solutions for Electronic Warfare EW test and training applications. We also offer bespoke technology solutions for mission critical applications in the medical, industrial, transportation and telecommunications markets. 
 
 In this Report, unless the context otherwise requires Gresham Worldwide, the Company, we, us and our refer to Giga-tronics Incorporated and its wholly owned subsidiaries. In this Report, GWW and Gresham refer to our wholly owned subsidiary, Gresham Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as Gresham Worldwide, Inc.). 
 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated was incorporated in California on March 5, 1980. 
 
 Gresham was incorporated under Delaware law on November 21, 2018, as DPW Technologies Group, Inc., and completed a name change on December 6, 2019. 
 
 Business Combination 
 
 On September 8, 2022 (the Closing Date ), we acquired Gresham, which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ault Alliance, Inc. (formerly known as BitNile Holdings, Inc) Ault ). We refer to this transaction as the Business Combination. Pursuant to the Business Combination, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Gresham and, in exchange, the Company issued Ault 2,920,085 shares of the Company s common stock and 514.8 shares of Series F preferred stock Series F that were convertible into an aggregate of 3,960,043 shares of the Company s common stock, subject to potential adjustments, and the assumption of Gresham s outstanding equity awards representing, on an as-assumed basis, 749,626 shares of the Company s common stock. The parties had previously entered into a Share Exchange Agreement dated December 27, 2021 (the Agreement for which the Company obtained the requisite stockholder approval on September 8, 2022. 
 
 3 

Prior to the distributing its shares to its common stockholders, Ault will convert all of the Series F into shares of the Company s common stock , and as a result, will beneficially own 69.6 of the Company s outstanding shares as of such date (excluding shares issuable upon conversion of a convertible note and exercise of certain warrants described elsewhere in this Report) . Immediately following the completion of the Business Combination, Gresham became our wholly-owned subsidiary. We obtained stockholder approval to reincorporate from California into Delaware and to change our name to Gresham Worldwide, Inc., subject to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA approval, which based on our recent communication with FINRA is unlikely to be obtained in the foreseeable future. We have changed our subsidiary Gresham s name to Gresham Holdings, Inc. In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, Gresham was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination based on an analysis of the criteria outlined in Accounting Standards Codification 805 Business Combinations . While we were the legal acquirer in the Business Combination, because Gresham was deemed the accounting acquirer, the historical financial statements of Gresham became the historical financial statements of the combined company, upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 We have two subsidiaries Microsource Inc. Microsource and Gresham. We manage our acquired operations through our wholly owned subsidiary, Gresham. We are a majority owned subsidiary of Ault and currently operate as an operating segment of Ault. Gresham has three wholly-owned subsidiaries, Gresham Power Electronics Ltd. Gresham Power ), Relec Electronics Ltd. Relec ), and Enertec Systems 2001 Ltd. Enertec ), and one majority-owned subsidiary, Microphase Corporation Microphase ). 
 
 We operate both within the United States and at three locations abroad. A summary of our locations and high level review of our operations at each facility is provided in the table below. 

63.07 -owned 

Our Industry 
 
 Our operations focus exclusively on the market for electronic solutions that support the defense industry and other mission critical applications, including medical technology, transportation, and telecommunication. The essential nature of these applications provides a degree of insulation from volatility associated with other segments of the global economy while accounting for stability and steady growth of the addressable market opportunities available in segments that we serve. Demand for solutions to meet these requirements continues unaffected, and in many instances increases, in times of global crisis. Total defense spending in the three countries in which we currently operate is expected to total more than an estimated 856 billion in 2022 (https://www.globalfirepower.com/defense-spending-budget.asp). We sell to the militaries and defense contractors in 15 other countries as well. Overall global defense spending hit 2.0 trillion in 2021 notwithstanding the pandemic and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 3 through 2028 with U.S. spending continuing to lead the world in the same period (ASD Reports, Global Defense Budget Analysis - Forecast to 2028). The current war in the Ukraine and tensions with China and in the Middle East has intensified interest and investment in defense platforms throughout the United Kingdom, and Europe. 
 
 We believe that the drive for increased situational awareness and close coordination of air, land, sea, space and cyber operations will fuel an increase in defense modernization, force protection and situational awareness, all of which will drive increased spending in procurement of components and systems to enable electronic warfare, countermeasures and unattended solutions with a CAGR of 6.4 projected in coming years to drive spending in the global defense electronics market to 231.6 billion in 2030. (Defense Electronics Market Intelligence Report, May 
 4 

26, 2022). The drive for greater connectivity and analytics will in turn increase demand for RF communications, power electronics and electronic control solutions content in new major military platforms, which are the core offerings of our operating units. 
 
 Thousands of companies compete in this market to deliver electronics solutions to meet defense and other mission critical applications. However, our operating units have longstanding relationships with dominant defense contractors in the US, in the UK, in Israel and other countries who hold contracts for major defense platforms with very long life cycles. These relationships enable us to narrow the field of competition considerably to grow based on repeat business with relatively low selling costs. 
 
 Beyond the defense arena, initiatives to complete 42 billion in upgrades to the current National Railway System in the UK over the next three years while spending 115 billion over the next 10 years to build high speed rail to link London with the Midlands cities of Birmingham, Leeds and Manchester will generate significant opportunities for growth in demand for power electronics to upgrade and replace current infrastructure, both in rolling stock and track side controls. Relec s current relationships and track record for supplying power solutions to the UK rail industry position us ideally to capitalize on these ongoing refurbishment and expansion efforts. A similarly robust market in the medical power supply markets with a compound annual growth rate of 6.9 to reach 1.8 billion in 2025 creates growth opportunities for Relec in the UK. Increases in contracts for the precision manufacturing of medical diagnostic and calibration tools drive growth opportunities for Enertec as well. The COVID-19 pandemic put healthcare and the medical device industry front and center in the United States, Europe and Asia, fueling interest in the type of power electronics and display solutions that Relec distributes and the health care equipment that Enertec manufactures. 
 
 Our Business Strengths 
 
 We have the following core strengths that we believe give us a competitive advantage: 
 
 High quality, ultra-reliable bespoke technology offerings with elegant designs and precision high touch manufacture that stand the test of time, narrow the field of competition and command enhanced operating margins. 

Enduring relationships with blue chip customers in the defense market with diversity in other growth markets such as health care, industrial, transportation and telecommunications provide stable revenue growth and reduce sales cost. 

Substantial backlog of orders with definite delivery dates for solutions engineered into long life cycle platforms that provide revenue base for years to come. Global operations expand our market opportunities, extend our operational reach and diversify our business base. 

Our Strategy 
 
 Our goal is to become the supplier of choice for the major players in the defense industry and provide for solutions for mission critical applications in health care, transportation, manufacturing and telecommunications. 
 Our near-term strategies are focused on developing synergies as a result of the acquisition of Gresham: 
 
 Gresham incurred major overhead expenses being a subsidiary of a larger company. Giga-tronics incurred large expenses being a public company with very limited sales. We plan to combine the overhead function and greatly reduce their costs. 

Combine duplicate functions and reduce the costs of sales, human resources, information technologies, quality management and contracts administration. 

Combine the RF Solutions group into one subsidiary and reduce operating costs. 

In addition, we are focused on securing sufficient working capital to execute on a substantial backlog of orders with definite delivery dates, take on additional significant orders and further improve access to capital resources. 
 
 Our long-term strategy includes the following key elements: 
 
 maintain, strengthen and expand relationships with current customers, by increasing on-time delivery, diversifying solutions offered and maximizing quality of solutions; 

attract new customers through building business development, marketing and sales infrastructure to raise market awareness, identify opportunities early in the process and design in optimally tailored offerings to provide customers competitive advantage; 

take advantage of the cross-selling opportunities among our operating subsidiaries to leverage current resources, reduce time to delivery, minimize selling costs and capitalize on strong customer relationships in other vertical market segments and geographies; 

5 

enhance our geographic footprint by increasing marketing outreach, forming alliances with leading companies located in areas beyond its current reach and acquiring businesses that expand reach into other geographies; 

transfer technology developed for mission critical defense applications to contiguous commercial markets with similar requirements for high quality, ultra-reliable solutions and invest in state-of-the-art technology to enhance its product offerings and production processes; and 

acquire complementary assets and businesses. We believe there are many small well run, profitable defense contractors whose principal owner is nearing retirement which could be attractive acquisition targets. 

Our Operations 
 
 We conduct our business through our subsidiaries. After the Business Combination, we aligned the operations of our subsidiaries with key market groups as follows. 
 
 In the Precision Electronic Solutions group, Enertec and Giga-tronics including Microsource focus on designing, engineering, developing and producing turnkey precision electronic solutions for mission critical applications primarily focused on defense customers and medical instrumentation for large global healthcare products customer and a second medical customer for medical laser equipment. In RF Solutions, Microphase focuses on designing, engineering, assembling, tuning and testing components, integrated assemblies and subsystems that detect, filter, analyze and process radio frequency, microwave and millimeter wave signals for defense applications. Our Power Electronics and Display Solutions Group consists of Gresham Power Electronics focused on providing power electronics solutions to defense customers in the UK and non-U.S. countries while Relec will provide power electronics and displays for mission critical applications to customers in health care, transportation, telecommunications and industrial businesses. This alignment on market segments also roughly aligns geographical with Precision Electronic Solutions primarily based in Israel, RF Solution centered in the United States and Power Electronics and Displays in the UK. However, consistent with export controls and international arms regulations, all Gresham operating subsidiaries can offer customers around the world any or all of the product offerings of their sister operating companies. 
 
 A detailed description of the market groups and associated product offerings follows. 
 
 Precision Electronic Solutions 
 
 Enertec Systems 2001 Ltd . 
 
 Based in Israel, Enertec designs, develops, manufactures and maintains advanced end-to-end high technology precision electronic solutions for military, medical and industrial markets. Those solutions include custom computer-based automated test equipment and turnkey systems to ensure combat readiness, provide command and control, and direct and deploy resources in military operations in harsh environments and battlefield conditions. 
 
 Enertec delivers complete end-to-end project management with requirements definition, systems engineering, design/development, production, testing, integration, field support, maintenance and optimization. Its custom engineered solutions enable and support mission critical air, land and sea military platforms, e.g., missiles, UAVs, combat aircraft, boats, submarines, trailers and satellites. Enertec s primary customers include the three major defense contractors in Israel. In addition, Enertec has a strategic partnership to build and deliver solutions for the Indian military. 
 6 

Enertec designed, developed, and provides precision manufacture for equipment to calibrate cardiac catheters for a global health care products company. This customer recently indicated an intention to have Enertec satisfy all requirements for such devices going forward. This business has grown from 7 of Enertec s annual revenues in 2021 to 33 of revenues for 2022, with the potential to grow in 2023 and beyond. The customer also has asked Enertec to take on global maintenance, repair and post-delivery support, where Gresham Worldwide s global presence will facilitate provision of such services which we are planning to implement in the fourth quarter of 2023. Enertec also added a new contract in 2022 to do the precision manufacture of medical lasers for another customer, further contributing to momentum in the health care space. 
 
 Enertec is among Israel s largest, most well-established manufacturers of test equipment and simulators. Enertec develops and manufacture test systems and simulators for all types of weapons systems at all levels of maintenance, development, and integration. Enertec is currently working on developing a new generation of electronics cards and assemblies to build a new generation of test systems. Enertec complies with all information security requirements included in its customer contracts as well as all the confidentiality laws that Israel mandates for work related to defense of the country. 
 
 High tech capabilities to deliver advanced electronics solutions create opportunities for other Gresham operating subsidiaries - Microphase, Relec and Gresham Power - to supply components for Enertec solutions. Enertec also provides geographic reach into the Middle East and India to broaden Gresham s footprint in delivering the highest quality and most advanced electronics technology solutions across the globe. 
 
 Giga-tronics Division 
 
 Our Giga-tronics Division designs, manufactures, and markets functional test products and integrates those test products along with third-party hardware and software to deliver solutions for evaluating and validating radar and electronic warfare product performance as well as training personnel. Giga-tronics customers in the past included major United States defense prime contractors, the U.S. armed services and research institutes. 
 
 RADAR and Electronic Warfare EW systems are subject to extensive test and evaluation before being deployed and often require periodic re-evaluation during their system lifetime. Although field trials (ground, flight, or naval operations) are the most accurate predictor of operational effectiveness, such exercises are too expensive to rely on exclusively for design feedback. Furthermore, defects uncovered during the field trial stage usually result in major program delays and cost overruns. To reduce this risk, the defense industry relies on simulation in a laboratory setting to save development costs and to identify problems early. 
 
 Simulating the electromagnetic environment that modern weapon systems will encounter when deployed is a challenging problem. Simulators must generate hundreds, if not thousands, of signals simultaneously to replicate the signal dense environment encountered in a modern battlespace. It is also necessary that many of the signals change dynamically over time to simulate movement. These dynamic signals are injected directly into the system under test SUT in laboratory settings or transmitted via antennas to the SUT during field trials (such as on an open range) for the purpose of predicting the SUT s operational performance when placed in service. 
 
 Traditional Simulation Approaches 
 
 Generating the many simultaneous signals required for a realistic simulation traditionally has been achieved by coordinating the behavior of many separate signal generators. This traditional approach usually results in physically large solutions that typically cost between 8 million and 20 million depending upon the number of emitters simulated and their waveform complexity. These large systems can take more than a year to specify and procure for installation in fixed locations since they are too unwieldy to move easily. The high cost for these systems almost always leads to a time-shared use model. Moreover, the complexity of these systems necessarily demands a large degree of support from the manufacturer to initially program scenarios and later reprogram them as requirements change. 
 
 Giga-tronics Division s Solution 
 
 We constructed a Threat Emulation System TEmS using an agile, phase coherent wide bandwidth up-converter hosted within the compact industry standard AXIe modular platform. The instrument-grade upconverter enables multiple emitters using a low frequency digital waveform generator in a simulator much smaller in size and cost compared to traditional solutions. In addition, the Giga-tronics Division solution includes emitter software that allows users to define their own scenarios without extensive support from the us, including dynamic emitters that simulate movement. Although more limited in overall functionality than the traditionally architected solutions, the small size, relatively easy programming, and a starting price point under a million dollars, the TEmS solution greatly increases access to signal simulation capability for test engineers and open range operators in a manner analogous to the way in which the IBM PC increased the availability of computing power to everyone, even though the IBM PC was less powerful than IBM s namesake mainframes. 
 
 7 

The Giga-tronics Division TEmS solution is already a proven contributor in laboratory environments, such as at prime contractors for product acceptance and at government run installations like the Naval Air Station at Point Mugu California. In addition, the component hardware may be attractive to other builders of custom simulation systems. 
 
 The TEmS solution is smaller in size, lower in cost, and when coupled with a tracking antenna, operates at lower power levels making it an ideal solution for outdoor installations with multiple locations for simulating integrated air defense systems. We believe that outdoor government test facilities are potentially a significant additional source of revenue because our solutions are portable and can be mounted in trucks for use on military bases and in remote locations. Test engineers are using our equipment to generate realistic RADAR signals for air-crew training and in-flight evaluation of EW system effectiveness. We have delivered portable threat emulation solutions to both the U.S. Navy and the U.S. Air Force. This portable application represents a market expansion for our threat emulation solution and we expect it to be a growth driver in fiscal year 2023. In 2022, this Division had 880,000 in revenue. 
 
 Microsource, Inc. 
 
 Microsource s two largest customers are prime contractors for which we developed and manufactured sophisticated RADAR filters used in fighter aircraft. Microsource s primary business is the production of Ytrium-Iron-Garnet YIG based microwave components designed for a specific customer s intended operational application. Microsource produces a line of tunable, synthesized band reject filters for solving interference problems in RADAR/EW applications as well as low noise oscillators used on shipboard and land-based self-protection systems. Microsource designs components based upon the Company s proprietary YIG technology, for each customer s unique requirement, generally at the customer s expense. Microsource routinely maintains a top-quality rating as measured quarterly by its customers and over the years has received multiple Gold Supplier awards. 
 
 Microsource serves the market for operational hardware associated with the U.S. Government s RADAR Modernization Program for prior generation fighter aircraft (i.e., the F-15D, F-16, and F/A-18E jets) to extend their useful lives. We design these filters to operate under extreme conditions. Microsource also delivers YIG hardware for shipboard and land-based close-in weapon systems CIWS used to defend against missile attacks. The U.S. military requirements for Microsource filters in new aircraft have changed and requirements in new aircraft for foreign militaries remain uncertain. Thus, Microsource seeks orders from the prime contractors that build these aircraft for new aircraft for foreign militaries and upgrades to existing aircraft as well as for spare parts and repairs for sustainment of aircraft deployed throughout the world. While the continuing need for Microsource filters appears relatively certain, the timing and volume of orders from the prime contractors remain uncertain as of the date of this Report. As of the date of this Report, Microsource has only a nominal backlog. 
 
 Because Microsource has an available facility with equipment and employees, we are focusing in the near term on using Microsource to assist Microphase in fulfilling current customer orders and large anticipated orders. Our plan initially contemplates temporarily deploying California employees to Microphase s Connecticut facility to train and assist production there while acquiring the capability to make the California operation serve interchangeably as a second manufacturing facility. 
 
 RF Solutions 
 
 Microphase Corporation 
 
 Microphase designs, engineers, manufactures and distributes components, integrated assemblies and subsystems for a variety of military and telecommunications applications. Such components include RF and microwave filters, diplexers, multiplexers, detectors, switch filters, integrated assemblies and Detector Logarithmic Video Amplifiers. Microphase engineers, tunes and tests all its products under stress conditions per defined in tuning protocols and test procedures it developed as part of the production process. This approach ensures that its customers can use and incorporate Microphase products into systems with confidence that the products will perform reliably under extreme operating conditions. 
 
 Microphase s customers include the U.S. military, and contractors to the U.S. military and to militaries of other countries including prime contractors and sub-contractors. Microphase s technology innovations are used in many significant U.S. Government defense programs, including the Patriot missile, the F-16, the F-18, the F-35, the JAS Gripen Fighter and the B-1B Bomber. Other notable programs in which Microphase s products are or were used include the Patriot Missile System and other missile systems, the Ship Signals Exploitation Equipment (SSEE) program, MODI IED countermeasures programs and drone programs including the Predator, the Reaper and the Shadow. 
 
 Microphase s advanced technology products enable the ultra-sensitive detection and high precision video amplification that are necessary to accurately recover the signals across wide dynamic range and facilitate use of the information received. These products include: 

filters that sort and clarify microwave signals, including multiplexers that are a series of filters combined in a single package; 

solid state amplifiers that amplify microwave signals; 

8 

detectors and limiters that are semiconductor devices for detection of radar signals and protection of receivers from damage from high power signals and jamming; 

detector log video amplifiers that are fully integrated, ruggedized, mil-spec signal detection systems; and 

integrated assemblies that combine multiple functions from a range of components and devices, including transmitters, receivers, filters, amplifiers, detectors, and other functionality into single, efficient, high performance, multifunction assemblies. 

Microphase recently has undertaken a comprehensive effort to upgrade its production infrastructure and to in-source more fabrication, sealing, wire bonding and finishing processes to increase control over the production processes to lower costs and reduce lead times. Microphase is continually improving its internal processes to ensure the highest quality and consistent manufacturing of its power solutions. 
 
 Power Electronics and Displays 
 
 Our subsidiaries in the UK design, develop, manufacture and distribute advanced electronic technology solutions which convert, regulate, purify, manage or distribute electrical power for electronic equipment. Our power solutions are intended for mission-critical defense, industrial, health care and transportation applications in, and generally convert AC current from the power grid to DC current, or modify the voltage being delivered (DC to DC). Our subsidiaries also offer standard off-the-shelf, modified-standard and purpose-built products. Although our subsidiaries sell standard products unmodified to its customers, those standard offerings are designed into specific customer product configurations in most instances. Our Power Electronics and Displays Group also designs, engineers and builds power systems and display solutions to specific customer requirements for mission critical applications in defense, medicine, transportation, telecommunications and manufacturing. 
 
 Relec 
 
 Relec was established in 1978 with the aim of providing specialist power conversion and display products to support professionals in the electronics industry. Relec markets and distributes power electronics and display solutions for mission critical rail, industrial, medical, telecoms and military applications. Gresham acquired Relec in November 2020. 
 
 Relec develops custom solutions for various applications ranging from light industrial to heavily ruggedized for the harshest of environments. Relec customizes product selection feature functionality to achieve optimum performance and service delivery for specific customer requirements. Relec currently operates in specific fields, specializing in AC-DC Power Supplies, DC-DC Converters, Displays and EMC Filters. Approximately 78.2 of Relec s revenue from the year ended December 31, 2021, and 79.6 of its revenue from the year ended December 2022 came from sales to customers within the United Kingdom and the balance came throughout the world. 
 
 Gresham Power 
 
 Gresham Power is the smallest of Gresham s operating subsidiaries. In January 1998, Gresham Power was acquired by Ault s predecessor company. 
 
 Gresham Power specializes in engineering, designing and developing power conversion, power supplies, uninterruptible power supplies and distribution solutions for Naval applications, with equipment installed on virtually all the UK Royal Navy s submarine and surface fleet. Many of Gresham Power s ultra-reliable offerings support shipboard distribution of electrical power in emergencies (such as loss of main ship s power) to enable continued operation of weapons systems, tactical communications and lighting. 
 
 Gresham Power manufactures frequency converters that naval warships use to convert their generated 60-cycle electricity supply to 400 cycles. This 400-cycle supply is used to power their critical equipment such as gyro, compass, and weapons systems. Gresham Power also designs and manufactures transformer rectifiers for naval use. Typically, these provide battery supported back up for critical DC systems, such as machinery and communications. In addition, higher power rectifiers are used for the starting and servicing of helicopters on naval vessels, and Gresham Power now supplies these as part of overall helicopter start and servicing systems. 
 
 Gresham Power specializes in a comprehensive range of activities from PCB and Mechanical Design through prototype development to board and system assembly and test. Its engineers ruggedize marine power products to meet high levels of shock, vibration, harsh climate conditions and the most rigorous MIL STD requirements. Gresham Power also has deployed its equipment on vessels of the navies of 15 other countries, including Australia, Malaysia, Oman, Spain, Turkey and Japan. Since 2019, customers in the United Kingdom have accounted for most of Gresham Power s revenues. However, it currently is delivering on a contract to supply power electronics to a large customer in Singapore and is in discussions concerning possible business from customers located in other countries such as India, Australia and Qatar. 
 
 Gresham Power products add diversity to Gresham s product line, provide greater access to defense customers in the United Kingdom and European markets, and strengthen Gresham s engineering and technical resources. Customers in the United Kingdom accounted for 69 of 
 9 

Gresham Power s revenues in 2021 and 74 of its revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Gresham Power s business was materially and adversely affected by COVID-19 and its impact on the United Kingdom. We believe that our efforts to grow Gresham Power s business beyond marine solutions represents an area for potential growth in 2023. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 We historically have designed and delivered solution and product offerings with relatively long product life cycles. However, the electronics industry is subject to rapid technological changes at the component level. Our future success is dependent on our ability to steadily incorporate new functionality and advancements in component technologies into our new products. 
 
 Our engineering and product development efforts vary with each operating subsidiary. Most of these efforts focus on designing and developing new products in connection with custom product design and modification of standard electronics offerings to provide solutions tailored to specific customer requirements. Our engineers work closely with customers and specialist partners to incorporate modifications or create custom designs for specific project requirements. In 2021, prior to the business combination, Microphase, Enertec and Gresham Power, incurred independent research and development cost in an aggregate amount of 1,537,000, or 6 of Gresham s consolidated operating revenues. In calendar 2022, the research and development expenditures were approximately 2,137,000 or 7.1 of revenue. 
 
 Enertec provides full-service design and development of turnkey Precision Electronic Solutions. Microphase designs custom RF solutions to meet customer unique specifications. When required, other subsidiaries modify standard products to meet specific customer requirements, including, but not limited to, redesigning commercial products to meet requirements for military applications based on commercial off-the-shelf products and for other customized product requirements, when applicable. We continually seek to improve our product offerings while anticipating changing market demands for increased functionality, customized firmware and improved EMI (electromagnetic interference) filtering. Whenever possible, we attempt to differentiate all of our products from commodity-type products by enhancing, modifying and customizing standard product offerings as well as refreshing and enhancing custom designs to meet a broader array of applications. 
 
 The legacy Giga-tronics business historically has funded product development activities internally, through product line sales, or through outside equity investment and debt financing. Product development activities are primarily expensed as incurred except for software capitalization of labor cost of 101,000 for internally developed software as of December 31, 2022. Microsource and Microphase typically have designed, engineered and developed new product offerings in close collaboration with and funded by its customers. 
 
 There can be no assurance that future technologies, processes, or product developments will not render our current product offerings obsolete or that we will be able to develop and introduce new products or enhancements to existing products that satisfy customer needs in a timely manner or achieve market acceptance. Failure to do so could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The defense electronic technology solutions industry is highly fragmented and characterized by intense competition. Our competition includes thousands of companies located throughout the world, some of which have advantages in terms of labor and component costs, and some of which may offer products superior or comparable in quality to us. Each operating subsidiary confronts a different set of competitors depending on solutions offered, vertical markets targeted and geographic scope of operations. We also face competition from current and prospective customers who may decide to design and manufacture power electronics, communications components and precision electronic solutions needed to satisfy their internal programmatic requirements. 
 
 Consolidation in the defense technology solutions market, including through mergers, acquisitions and/or strategic alliances among major primes to whom we sell our products, has the potential to intensify the competitive pressures that it faces. Many of its existing and potential competitors may be better positioned than us is to acquire other companies, technologies or products. We compete favorably on the basis of multiple factors, including product quality and reliability, technological capabilities, service, past performance, design flexibility and ability to develop and implement complex, integrated solutions customized to its customers needs, and cost-effectiveness. Focusing on bespoke technology offerings with relatively low volumes and high margins enables our operating subsidiaries to compete favorably on price against larger companies with much high indirect cost structures (overhead and G A) and cumbersome internal bureaucracies. Finally, the fragmentation of the defense technology market also creates opportunities to grow through acquiring competitors and/or potential competitors. 
 
 Precision Electronic Solutions 
 
 Enertec faces direct competition from smaller firms than itself such as Nir Or, EPS, MER, Alexander Schneider, Symcotech and Chaban, which specialize in components of Precision Electronic Solutions. Offering end-to-end, turnkey solutions gives Enertec a competitive advantage over other private contractors competing to provide the Israeli MOD and major OEMs with electronic systems and components. That competitive advantage enables Enertec to significantly narrow the field of competition with little viable competition. Enertec s performance in the precision 
 10 

manufacture of the calibration machines for cardiac catheters also has enabled it to excel against the competition and steadily increase its share of building the devices as well as establishing a track record of excellence to build other medical devices requiring a similar level of precision. 
 
 The Giga-tronics Division serves the defense electronics market with a microwave test platform used in the evaluation of military RADAR/EW systems. This application represents a niche segment within the broader test equipment market. While this niche market segment of RADAR/EW testing is large enough to be meaningful to the Company, we believe it is too small to attract larger competitors, such as Keysight, Rohde Schwarz and National Instruments who, to our knowledge, do not approach these markets with new dedicated solutions. 
 
 We have developed a unique architecture to address the RADAR/EW test requirements that results in systems smaller in size and lower in cost than available solutions. Our competitors often have greater resources in research, development and manufacturing and substantially broader product lines and channels. To compete, we place strong emphasis on maintaining a high degree of technical competence as it relates to the development of new microwave products, we are highly selective in establishing technological objectives and focus our sales and marketing activities in the selected niche areas that are weakly served or underserved by our competitors. Competitors that make alternative equipment to the Company s Advanced Signal Generator Analyzer ASGA system include ELCOM (a division of Frequency Electronics Inc.), VIAVI, and EWST (a division of Ultra Electronics Plc). 
 
 Northrop Grumman s CEESIM and Textron System s A2PATS simulators are two examples of traditionally architected simulation equipment that compete with the Company s TEmS solution, although their solutions are much larger in size and have a much higher selling price. An example of a traditional fielded simulator is Northrop Grumman s Joint Threat Emitter JTE ). The JTE offers a high-fidelity replica of a potential adversary s air defense RADAR for training combat pilots and improving air-crew survivability. Each JTE is designed to replicate specific threat radar signals, transmits at high-power levels, and cannot be easily reprogrammed to different threats. At nearly multimillion price per unit, the JTE is very expensive for simulating a modern integrated air defense system and because it transmits at high power levels, its use is restricted. 
 Microsource historically supplied the market for filter components associated with the U.S. military s RADAR Modernization Program for certain prior generation fighter jet aircrafts (F-15D, F-16 and F/A-18E jets) and for oscillators in shipboard and land-based missile defense systems. With the U.S. military scaling back these fighter aircraft programs, the volume and timing of future orders of Microsource filters for these jet fighters remain uncertain as of this Report. We currently have only nominal backlog for these programs. Microsource provides filters specifically designed for military aircraft to solve interference problems created when newer, more powerful RADAR systems are installed on older aircraft without a corresponding upgrade to the onboard self-protection electronics. Only a few other companies possess the technical know-how to design and manufacture YIG components of this nature, such as Teledyne and Micro-Lambda Wireless. 
 
 RF Solutions 
 
 Many competitors for our RF Solutions group, including K L Microwave, Qorvo, Q Microwave, and Gowanda Electronics, have substantially greater financial and marketing resources and geographic presence than we have. However, elegant designs, strong engineering and a long history of delivering high quality, ultra-reliable components and subsystems enable Microphase to compete very effectively and carve out a strong position against competitors with more resources. 
 Maintaining focus on strong engineering and precision manufacture of purpose-built RF solutions for the defense applications in the air, on land and at sea has enabled Microphase to compete well for requirements of the armed services and the prime contractors that serve them. In 2022, improving on-time delivery and product quality contributed to Microphase s backlog of orders and laid the foundation for new orders in direct competition to take market share against larger and better funded companies. Current customers have expanded business with Microphase while several large defense contractors from the ranks of former customers have returned to put new orders in with Microphase. 
 
 Power Electronics and Displays 
 
 Gresham Power faces competition from Ultra Electronics and Rolls Royce. As in the case of Microphase, elegant designs, strong engineering and a long track record for delivering ultra-reliable high quality power electronics solutions enables Gresham Power to compete effectively. Customers continue to seek out Gresham Power to provide power systems for marine defense applications. Gresham Power also won a sizable contract in 2022 to provide power electronics for land-based vehicles in Singapore, representing a significant expansion into the market for power solutions beyond marine defense. 
 
 Relec competes against many other distributors of power electronics and display offerings, facing competition from Fidus Power Ltd., Mouser Electronics and Avnet Abacus as well as power supply and electronics manufacturers like XP and ABB who sell direct, many of which have significantly more fiscal and marketing resources than Relec. However, a high touch, customer-focused approach enables Relec to compete effectively against high volume distributors and direct selling manufacturers. Optimizing and designing solutions into customer product lines has proven tremendously effective in building relationships with customers and suppliers alike that endure over time, generating regular repeat business and builds a reputation for customer service that provides a strong competitive advantage when pursuing new customers. 
 11 

Manufacturing and Testing 
 
 We fabricate components and performs product assembly, integration and testing of its product offerings at production facilities in Dublin, California (Microsource and the Giga-tronics Division), Shelton, Connecticut (Microphase), Karmiel, Israel (Enertec) and Salisbury, England (Gresham Power). Each of our operating business has built a robust network of trusted supply chain partners to provide components, materials and parts for assembly into products or products for resale. 
 We continually strive to improve our production and test processes, to ensure the highest quality and consistent manufacturing of its solutions. Each operating business maintains rigorous quality control to ensure that our solutions conform to all customer specifications and will perform reliably in the customer s application. We test our products under stress operating conditions per defined test procedures we developed in conjunction with our customers. This approach ensures that our customers can use its solutions right out of the box on their production line or installed directly in the field. We offer customer specific testing services with custom designed tests to simulate operation within our customer applications. 
 
 All operating units comply with all applicable safety and EMC standards for electronics solutions. 
 
 Compliance with international safety agency standards is critical in every application, and power solutions play a major role in meeting these compliance requirements. Our safety engineers and quality assurance teams help ensure that our custom products are designed to meet all safety requirements and are appropriately documented to expedite safety approval processes. 
 
 We maintain ISO 9001:2008 (Enertec), ISO 9001:2015 (Microphase, Gresham Power and Relec) and AS9100D (Enertec, Microphase, Microsource and the Giga-tronics Division) certification in our manufacturing operations. ISO 9001 and AS9100 are universally recognized and accepted international standards for quality management. 
 
 Customer Service and Support 
 
 Our operating companies offer a high touch approach to optimizing and customizing solution offerings to meet customer unique requirements. Working closely with customers, we design, engineer, develop and produce offerings to the highest standards of performance, durability and reliability to meet unique customer requirements. All operating units constantly track performance against cost, quality and on-time delivery metrics with an intense focus on customer satisfaction. Following the Business Combination, regular communications and direct collaboration at all levels with customers have become hallmarks of all our operations. 
 
 Given the mission critical nature of the customer applications which our product and solution offerings support, we respond promptly and take necessary corrective action to ensure our offerings conform to the specifications and work to that specific customer s expectations. We provide warranties on all products offered. The length and terms of the warranties vary with the product type and application in which the product gets used. In addition, even after warranties expire, our operating units will provide maintenance, repair and post-delivery support for the full expected life of the product. For instance, Gresham Power designs and builds the ruggedized power electronics that it provides to the Royal Navy to last for 25 years while Microphase and Microsource routinely design and manufacture RF solutions for military applications to have a product life typically of 15 years or more. 

Suppliers 
 
 Substantially all the components required to make our assemblies are available from more than one source. We occasionally use sole source arrangements to obtain leading-edge technology or favorable pricing or supply terms, but not in any material volume. In our opinion, the loss of any sole source arrangement we have would not materially affect our operations, though we could experience production delays as we seek new suppliers or re-design components of our products. Some suppliers are also competitors of ours. In the event a competitor-supplier chooses not to sell its products to us, production delays that could significantly affect our business could occur as we seek new suppliers or re-design components of our products. 
 
 Although extended delays in receipt of components from our suppliers can result in longer product delivery schedules for us, we have mitigated this risk by dealing with well-established suppliers and maintaining good relationships with such suppliers. Our operating entities also build in adequate time in delivery schedule commitments to our customers to account for the longer delivery lead times. We also anticipate that ending of the COVID-19 pandemic and resolution of other factors that have roiled supply chain markets in the past three years will reduce the turmoil in the supply chain, shorten delivery lead times, increase availability of parts and allow a return to more normal supply chain patterns of operation. 
 
 Our operating business purchase electronic components, materials, parts and assemblies, including power supplies, converters, transformers, rectifiers, inverters, housings, blocks, covers, machined parts, substrates, resistors, diodes, detectors, amplifiers, integrated circuits, printed circuit boards, cables, connectors, metal work, and capacitors, from outside suppliers. We also purchase certain precious metals used in manufacturing 
 12 

of our products (plating, sealing, painting, finishing). We carefully select suppliers based on their ability to provide quality parts and components which meet technical specifications and volume requirements. For defense work, our subsidiaries have built supply chain networks from sources in the U.S. (Microphase and Microsource source exclusively from the U.S.), Enertec and Relec also source from the U.S.), the UK (Gresham Power, Relec) and Israel (Enertec) with no sourcing from China. Relec does work with suppliers in China for some commercial applications. 
 
 We have put considerable effort into ensuring that the required components and raw materials are available from a variety of sources, and we typically do not depend on any one supplier for any critical work. However, for a very few components we still rely on a limited number of suppliers and certain components remain sole source. For the most part, however, parts and materials used in its offerings will have at least two approved sources. 
 
 Customers 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, U.S. and international defense-related agencies and their prime contractors accounted for 100 of the legacy Giga-tronics business net revenue in the 2021 and 2022 fiscal years. With the Business Combination the Company has a more diversified customer base comprised primarily of the U.S. military and allied militaries, including Israel and the United Kingdom, and defense contractors in the United States, Europe, Middle East, and South Asia, including prime contractors and sub-contractors, with more than 1/3 of its business coming from commercial customers. 
 
 Gresham s defense customers include the Israeli Ministry of Defense and Israel Air Industries IAI ), Rafael and Elbit Systems, the three major defense contractors in Israel, the United States Department of Defense U.S. DOD and major defense contractors such as BAE Systems North America, L3Harris, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon and Sierra Nevada Corporation in the U.S., the UK Ministry of Defense, including the Royal Navy, and major defense contractors in the United Kingdom and Europe, including BAE Systems PLC, a British multinational defense, security, and aerospace company, Rolls Royce, Babcock and Thales, SAAB (Sweden), Indra (Spain) and Aselsan (Turkey). In addition, Enertec has a strategic partnership through IAI with Cyient to build and deliver solutions for the Indian military. 
 
 Gresham s commercial customers include Elma GmbH, BioSense Webster, a subsidiary of Johnson Johnson (a key Enertec customer), RS Components, Farnell, Parker Hannifin, Vanderbilt, Bombardier. 
 
 On April 6, 2023, the Electronic Combat Solutions business group of BAE Systems Electronic System Sector named Microphase as a Partner 2 Win Supplier of the Year in a ceremony in Austin, Texas. 
 
 For 2022, Gresham s top six customers accounted in the aggregate for 60 of its consolidated revenues. The following table describes Gresham s customer concentration as of December 31, 2022, based on the percentage of revenue during 2022 : 

Customer 
 
 Revenue (In thousands) 

of Total Revenue 

Customer A 

7,408 

24 

Customer B 

3,775 

12 

Customer C 

3,769 

12 

Customer D 

1,955 

6 

Customer E 

783 

3 

Customer F 

761 

3 

Total 

18,451 

60 

Our business depends largely on defense spending and program budgets which expand and contract across fiscal year periods. Revenues from orders for our products and services often span several years with deliveries varying across both interim and annual fiscal year periods. Additionally, our EW test and training system is a relatively new product platform with many targeted customers with long sales cycles and high average solutions sales pricing. We therefore expect that a major customer in one year may not be a major customer in the following year. Accordingly, our net revenue and earnings may vary significantly from one period to the next and will decline if we are unable to gain new customers or cannot increase our business with other existing customers to replace declining net revenue from the previous year s major customers. 
 
 Backlog of Orders 
 
 Backlog includes only those customer orders for which a binding agreement exists, a delivery schedule has been agreed upon between us and our customer and, in the case of U.S. military orders, for which funding has been appropriated. Orders for our products include program orders from prime contractors with extended delivery dates. Accordingly, the backlog of orders may vary substantially from year-to-year and the backlog entering any single fiscal quarter may not be indicative of revenue for any period. 
 
 13 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 30. million in backlog orders for our products compared to approximately 26 million in 2021 broken down as follows (In thousands): 

As of 

Segment 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Change 

Precision Electronic Solutions 

11,682 

9,286 

2,396 

26 

Power Electronics Displays 

8,890 

6,558 

2,332 

36 

RF Solutions 

10,125 

9,581 

544 

6 

Total 

30,697 

25,425 

5,272 

21 

As of March 31, 2023 our backlog was approximate 26.0 million. 
 
 Proprietary Technology and Intellectual Property 
 
 Our competitive position is largely dependent upon our ability to deliver systems and products that (a) effectively and reliably meet customers needs and (b) selectively surpass competitors specifications in competing products. While patents may provide protection of proprietary designs, with the rapid progress of technological development in our industry, such protection is often short-lived. Therefore, although we occasionally pursue patent coverage, we emphasize the development of new products with superior performance specifications and the upgrading of existing products toward this same end. 
 
 Our trade names, trademarks, trade secrets, customer relationships, domain names, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property are important to our success. We rely upon a combination of trade secrets, industry expertise, confidential procedures, and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property. We believe that because our products are continually updated and revised, obtaining patents would be costly and not beneficial. It is policy to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with its employees and contractors as well as nondisclosure agreements with its suppliers and strategic partners in order to limit access to and disclosure of its proprietary information. 
 
 Microphase and Enertec typically design custom products to their customer specifications as work for hire and therefore own no intellectual property in the design. As the ultimate end user, the U.S. military and the Israeli MOD typically acquire and retain rights in all such technical data. Microphase does acquire and own intellectual property in the fabrication, assembly, tuning and testing protocols followed for its products. 
 
 In the UK, Gresham Power typically will retain ownership of the intellectual property of the designs of products developed for defense applications. However, neither Relec nor Gresham Power typically retain intellectual property in any of the standard power products that they sell on the commercial market. 
 
 Our Giga-tronics Division products are primarily based on our own designs, which are derived from our own engineering abilities. If our new product engineering efforts fall behind, our competitive position weakens. Conversely, effective product development greatly enhances our competitive status. While we utilize certain software licenses in certain functional aspects for some of our products, such licenses are generally readily available, non-exclusive and are obtained at either no cost or for a relatively small fee. 
 
 We have maintained five patents related to our legacy 2500B parametric signal generator product line, with another pending. These patents describe advanced synthesis techniques and can be extended for use with the Company s ASGA system and to a number of Microsource synthesizer components. In February 2020, the Company was granted a U.S. patent relating to its ASGA system. The patent describes the internal design of the Advanced Signal Generator and the Advanced Signal Analyzer along with the architecture of how the components work together to facilitate building multi-channel test systems with reduced size, weight and cost as compared to present solutions. A second patent was granted in November 2020 describing uses of the ASGA system in high channel-count situations. A third patent application which was filed in April 2020 describing how the ASGA achieves its low noise performance is in the final stage of being granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 
 
 Operating Capital 
 
 We generally strive to maintain adequate levels of inventory and we generally sell to customers on 30-day payment terms in the U.S while allowing more time for our international customers. Typically, we receive payment terms of 30 days from our suppliers. We believe that these practices are consistent with typical industry practices. Beyond financing our primary sources of liquidity come from customer sales, which are dependent on our receipt and shipment of customer orders. 
 
 Gresham s liquidity was historically supported by Ault s injection of cash consisting of contributions to capital and loans. Other than the 675,000 that Ault Lending may advance by May 31, 2023, Ault will not support us financially in the future. As a result, we need to seek additional capital to fund our operations, although we may not be successful in our efforts to do so. See, Risk Factors- Risks Related to Our Financial Condition- 
 14 

Because Ault is ending its support, we will need additional capital to fund our operations, and our inability to generate or obtain such capital on acceptable terms, or at all, could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -Liquidity and Capital Resources - Our Recent Financings for our discussion of our recent financing activities. Under our financing agreements, we can enter into a factoring agreement of 2 million using our accounts receivable as collateral. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 We market our products directly to our customers and rely internal sales forces within each of our operating subsidiaries primarily to identify leads and complete sales. We also engage independent sales representatives who are perceived to have expertise with targeted markets and/or customers. Our marketing and sales efforts target specific types of customers such as major defense contractors, manufacturers of industrial products, health care solutions and infrastructure components in transportation and telecommunications. 
 
 Corporate Chief Development Officer 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, we are relying on an experienced sales and business development executive as our Chief Development Officer whose principal role is to drive organic growth and identify prospects for further growth through mergers and/or acquisitions. We will implement Gresham s Hub Spot to capture and track the opportunity stream within and among the operating subsidiaries. 
 
 Precision Electronic Solutions 
 
 Much of business development and sales effort at Enertec has historically taken place at the senior executive level. Zvika Avni, Chief Executive Officer at Enertec currently holds and maintains the key customer relationships which generate most of the revenue at Enertec. On the other hand, our Giga-tronics Division has invested in a salesforce for both the TEmS products as well as the Microsource products. Going forward, we are hopeful that our Precision Electronic Solutions will benefit from Zvika Avni s continuing effort to develop business for turnkey precision electronic solutions along with expanded efforts of the Chief Development Officer leading our sales team although no assurances can be given. 
 
 RF Solutions 
 
 In recent years, much of the business development effort at Microphase comes through engineer to engineer collaboration and at the senior executive levels with Timothy Long, our Chief Operating Officer, holding and maintaining most customer relationships. For the foreseeable future, operations will continue to drive business as Microphase works down a healthy backlog. 
 
 Power Electronics and Displays 
 
 The Power Electronics and Displays group has a high performing team of six sales professionals supported by a sales administrator and two inside sales professionals to continue drive new business and growth in the UK and European markets. If we can solve our liquidity issues, we plan to add more business development resources in 2023 focused specifically on defense customers for Power Electronics and Displays while the group also expands use of strategic operating partners in the Middle East, India and Australia in 2023. These representatives will promote our products and serve as the customer interface for Power Electronics and Displays in specific parts of the world as agreed. Typically, either we or the manufacturing representatives are entitled to terminate the manufacturer representative agreement upon 30 days written notice. 
 
 Relec and Gresham Power advertise in highly targeted industry-specific publications such as Electronics Weekly, New Electronics, Electronic Product Design Test, Electronics Specifier, Components in Electronics, Design Products Applications, Rail Technology Magazine, Rail Engineer, Rail Professional. In addition, Relec also posts regular podcasts on topics of interest to customers and prospect as well as running an active public relations campaign to get placements of earned media and coverage in a wide range of media. We look to replicate similar campaigns in other operating subsidiaries to generate inquiries/leads, raise awareness of us and support talent recruiting efforts. 
 
 Other Marketing Activities 
 
 Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, we also promoted our products and solutions by attending trade shows such as the Association of Old Crows Conferences, Defense Manufacturing Conference, Land Forces Conference (Australia), Doha International Maritime Defense Exhibition Conference (DIMDEX) Electronica (Europe), Southern Manufacturing and Electronics, and Railtex. Since the world has adapted to living with COVID , we have resumed attending trade shows to make new contacts, identify leads, assess competitive offerings and build awareness of the full range of our solution offerings. 
 
 15 

Each of our operating businesses maintain a comprehensive website emphasizing its respective capabilities and expertise. We plan to upgrade all our websites to standardize corporate identification while adding more features and functionality to drive inquiries, generate leads from prospective customers and support recruiting efforts. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We must meet applicable regulatory, environmental, emissions, safety and other requirements where specified by the customer and accepted by it or as required by local regulatory or legal requirements. The products that we market and sell in Europe may be subject to the 2003 European Directive on Restriction of Hazardous Substances RoHS ), which restricts the use of six hazardous materials in the manufacture of certain electronic and electrical equipment, as well as the 2002 European Directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment WEEE ), which determines collection, recycling and recovery goals for electrical goods. In July 2006, our industry began phasing in RoHS and WEEE requirements in most geographical markets with specific emphasis on consumer-based products. We believe that RoHS and WEEE-compliant components may be subject to longer lead-times and higher prices as the industry transitions to these new requirements. REACH Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals Registration, is a European Union regulation dating from December 18, 2006. REACH addresses the production and use of chemical substances, and their potential impacts on both human health and the environment. 
 
 In addition to these requirements for our dealings with customers in the EU, similar regulatory mandates from the United States, the UK and Israel apply to all our operating subsidiaries. We have structured operations to comply with these requirements and have experienced little to no impact on lead times or prices. Given the applicability of these requirements to all competitors alike, we believe that compliance has had no impact on the competitive position of any operating subsidiary. 
 
 Some of our products are subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulation ITAR ), which is administered by the U.S. Department of State. ITAR controls not only the export of certain products specifically designed, modified, configured or adapted for military systems, but also the export of related technical data and defense services and foreign production. We obtain required export licenses for any exports subject to ITAR. Compliance with ITAR may require a prolonged period of time; if the process of obtaining required export licenses for products subject to ITAR is delayed, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Any future restrictions or charges may be imposed by the United States or any other foreign country. In addition, from time-to-time, we enter into defense contracts to supply technology and products to foreign countries for programs that are funded and governed by the U.S. Foreign Military Financing program. 
 
 We are also subject to heightened government scrutiny of our operations pursuant to certain of our contracts. 
 
 Security Clearances 
 
 As a U.S. Government contractor, we are required to maintain facility and personnel security clearances complying with the U.S. DOD and other Federal agency requirements. All Gresham operating companies in the United States maintain strict protocols for handling classified information and Confidential Unclassified Information associated with its work for the U.S. DOD. We have built within both our production facilities in Shelton, CT and Dublin, CA Restricted Areas certified for generating, storing and reviewing classified information. Our U.S. subsidiaries and Division also must obtain and maintain authority to operate equipment to perform classified work. The process to secure these authorities is long and laborious. After the Business Combination, our U.S. subsidiaries now have an experienced information security team to oversee applications to secure these authorities as well as ongoing monitoring to maintain the security of these systems. 
 
 Gresham Power works on many contracts classified as Official Sensitive that require individual security clearances and adherence to information security protocols for receiving, handling and storing confidential information as required in the UK Official Secrets Act and its implementing regulations. Relec does not work on classified, sensitive defense work. 
 
 Enertec complies with all information security requirements included in its customer contracts as well as all the confidentiality laws that the State of Israel mandates for work related to defense of the country. 
 
 Audits and Investigations 
 
 As a government contractor, we are subject to audits and investigations by U.S. Government agencies including the Defense Contract Audit Agency (the DCAA ), the Defense Contract Management Agency (the DCMA ), the Inspector General of the U.S. DOD and other departments and agencies, the Government Accountability Office, the Department of Justice (the DoJ and Congressional Committees. From time-to-time, these and other agencies investigate or conduct audits to determine whether a contractor s operations are being conducted in accordance with applicable requirements. The DCAA and DCMA also review the adequacy of, and compliance with, a contractor s internal control systems and policies, including the contractor s accounting, purchasing, property, estimating, earned value management and material management accounting systems. Our final allowable incurred costs for each year are also subject to audit and have from time to time resulted in disputes between us and the U.S. Government. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded if already reimbursed. If an audit or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative 
 16 

sanctions, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. Government. 
 
 The Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation, as implemented in standard contract clauses, mandates that our U.S. business establish and follow extensive detailed processes and protocols to protect classified and Confidential Unclassified Information (CUI) from disclosure and unauthorized access. That mandate includes a requirement that Microphase formulate and implement a System Security Plan with 110 different elements and protocols for handling and protecting classified information and CUI. Over the next two years the U.S. DOD will require all participants in the defense supply chain to demonstrate compliance with the Capability Model Maturity Cybersecurity as verified through an independent third-party auditor. Compliance with these mandates requires and will require Gresham s U.S. subsidiaries to invest significant resources to maintain compliance. For instance, compliance requires extensive security controls on access to IT systems, strong firewalls and intrusion monitoring. We have in place an experienced team to ensure information security for all subsidiaries in the U.S. as well as oversee security of all employees and facilities in U.S. operations. These investments add to indirect cost pools that our U.S. operations must recover in the price of its products for U.S. DOD and contractors. 
 
 Enertec conducts operations under constant supervision of the Ministry of Defense of Israel. All its contracts are subject to audits of performance, quality and price reasonableness. Enertec has implemented the strongest possible cybersecurity protections consistent with the resources available to a company its size. 
 
 Gresham Power contracts with UK Ministry of Defense, Royal Navy or major contractors serving those agencies include standard provisions which give the customer the right to audit its performance under those contracts when they see fit. Audits are part of doing business with the government and typically focus on deliveries - on time project milestones as well as quality. The Royal Navy will review Gresham Power pricing of services provided under support contract every 12 months for reasonableness. 
 
 Gresham Power is fully certified as Cyber Essentials Plus Compliant. Cyber Essentials Plus is a government backed, industry-supported scheme to help organizations protect themselves against common online threats. The UK Government requires all suppliers bidding for contracts involving the handling of sensitive and personal information to be certified against the Cyber Essentials program criteria. 
 
 Other Compliance Issues 
 
 In addition, we are subject to the local, state and national laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where we operate that affect companies generally, including laws and regulations governing commerce, intellectual property, trade, health and safety, contracts, privacy and communications, consumer protection, web services, tax, and corporate laws and securities laws. These regulations and laws may change over time. Unfavorable changes in existing and new laws and regulations could increase our cost of doing business and impede its growth. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had a total of 197 employees located in the United States, the United Kingdom and Israel. All but eight of these employees are employed on a full-time basis. After completing the Business Combination, the Company conducted a reduction in the workforce in January 2023 to eliminate redundancies and achieve cost savings in the U.S. operations. With additional attrition, the U.S. operations cut 14 positions to reduce payroll costs by 1.4 million on annualized basis. The reduction in force did not extend to any of the overseas operations. We believe that our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel. Competition for skilled personnel in our markets is competitive. While our size and capital resources constrain our ability to attract and retain employees with cash compensation, we attempt to compensate for this constraint by offering equity awards and opportunities for training and internal promotion. None of our employees is currently represented by a trade union. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. From time-to-time, we may hire additional workers on an independent contractor basis as the need arises. Presently, due to its backlog and expected orders, Microphase needs to add employees in addition to its planned use of Microsource employees. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in our common stock involves significant risks. Before investing in our common stock, you should consider each of the following risk factors and any other information set forth in this Report and the other reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),including the Company s financial statements and related notes, in evaluating the Company s business and prospects. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that impact on the Company s operations and business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company, or that the Company currently considers immaterial, may also impair its business or operations. If any of the following risks actually occurs, the Company s business and financial condition, results or prospects could be harmed. Please also read carefully the section entitled Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Report. If any of the events or developments described below occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. In that case, the value of our common stock may decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 17 

Risk Factors Summary 
 
 Our business and an investment in our common stock are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in this Risk Factors section below. Some of these risks include: 
 We have doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our legacy Giga-tronics business essentially has no backlog and as a result is unlikely to generate sufficient cash to cover its operating costs in 2023 and its future is uncertain. 

We have historically incurred net losses and negative cash flow and our operating results may significantly vary from quarter-to-quarter, so we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. 

Because Ault is ending its support, we will need additional capital to fund our operations, and our inability to generate or obtain such capital on acceptable terms, or at all, could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 

Because we require consents for certain debt financings and acquisitions, we may not be able to pursue these transactions we cannot obtain the consents. 

As a result of our outstanding indebtedness and related warrants, our stockholders are subject to significant future dilution. 

A large percentage of our current revenue is derived from prime defense contractors to the U.S. government and its allies, and the loss of these relationships, a reduction in government funding or a change in government spending priorities or bidding processes could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

If our reputation or relationships with the governments of the U.S., the UK or Israel or the limited number of defense contractors with whom we work were harmed, our future revenues and cash flows would be adversely affected. 

Because we engage in fixed fee contracts with our customers, we face pressure on our gross profit margins and operating costs from inflation. 

Governments typically may terminate our contracts at any time prior to their completion, which could lead to unexpected loss of sales and reduction in our backlog. 

The integration of our business and any future acquisitions may disrupt or have a negative impact on our business. 

Our goodwill or other intangible assets may become impaired, which could result in material non-cash charges to its results of operations . 

The effects of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and tensions elsewhere in the world on the capital markets and the economy is uncertain, and we may have to deal with a recessionary economy and economic uncertainty including possible adverse effects upon the capital markets. 

If the inflationary pressures in the United States and elsewhere where we operate continue, we could experience reduced margins and lose future business . 

Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, our sales and revenue are difficult to predict and may vary substantially from period to period, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly. 

Our sales are significantly dependent on the defense industry and a limited number of customers. 

We face intense industry competition and product obsolescence, which, in turn, could increase our losses. 

If we are unable to monetize our EW business, we may be required to discontinue its business. 

If we are unable to identify, attract, train and retain qualified personnel, especially our design and technical personnel, our business and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected and we may not be able to effectively execute our business strategy. 

Performance problems in our products or problems arising from the use of our products together with other vendors products may harm our business and reputation. 

Supply chain disruptions and our inability to procure necessary component parts for our products have materially and adversely affected our results of operations and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in the future. 

We may not be able to procure necessary key components for our products, or we may purchase too much inventory. 

18 

We depend on a limited number of major customers for a significant portion of our revenue. The loss of any of these customers, or the substantial reduction in the quantity of products that they purchase from us, would materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We depend on international sales for a material portion of our revenue. 

Our financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected by potential political, economic and military instability in Israel. 

Many of Enertec s employees are obligated to perform military reserve duty in Israel, which could have a disruptive impact on our business . 

Our limited ability to protect our proprietary information and technology may adversely affect our ability to compete, and our products could infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others, resulting in claims against us, the results of which could be costly. 

We may in the future be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 

Our businesses are subject to government procurement laws and regulations. 

If we fail to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering laws, and similar laws, or allegations of such failure, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

If we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to accounting controls and procedures, or if we discover material weaknesses and deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 

The price of our common stock may have little or no relationship to the historical bid prices of our common stock on the OTCQB. 

The rights of the holders of common stock may be impaired by the potential issuance of preferred stock. 

Our stock price may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors and litigation. 

If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, the market price of our common stock will likely decline. 

If our shares of common stock are subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 

Risks Related to our Financial Condition 
 
 We have doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern . 
 
 As of May 11, 2023, we believe that there is doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern because we have incurred recurring net losses, our operations have not provided cash flows, and Ault ended its support of our operations with the limited exception of the payment of approximately 425,000 no later than May 31, 2023. Convertible notes issued to Ault and a subsidiary mature on December 31, 2024. Our inability to continue as a going concern could have a negative impact on the Company, including our ability to obtain needed financing, and could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. We owe 3.3 million to holders of our convertible notes which are due in October 2023 and do not expect we will have the funds to repay these notes without completing a financing. 
 
 Our legacy Giga-tronics business essentially has no backlog and as a result is unlikely to generate sufficient cash to cover its operating costs in 2023 and its future is uncertain. 
 
 Certain Microsource customers will not place any significant new orders since such customers have been scaling back legacy fighter programs. While our Giga-tronics EW Division s product offerings are state-of-the-art, it currently has no backlog. While it expects an order from a customer in Q2 2023, there are no assurances that the order will be placed. Moreover, due to timing and the need to acquire inventory, this Division is likely only to generate 2.0 million in 2023 revenue. As a result, it is unlikely that the legacy Giga-tronics business can generate sufficient cash to cover its operating expenses and will require approximately 6.0 million to break even in 2023. While the Company believes that the legacy Giga-tronics business have prospects for growth over the next 12-24 months including sales of Microsource products to customers outside of the United States, the timing and volume of such business remains uncertain and such growth will require an influx of additional working capital to support its operations. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the legacy Giga-tronics business will remain in business. 
 19 

As a result, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we wrote off 10.5 million representing the goodwill arising from the legacy Giga-tronics business. 
 
 We have historically incurred net losses and negative cash flow and our operating results may significantly vary from quarter-to-quarter, so we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability . 
 
 We have historically experienced net losses and we anticipate continuing to experience some losses in the future. Our operating results are largely determined by the results of operations of Gresham because they are more significant than our legacy Giga-tronics business. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Gresham reported revenue of 30,255,000 and 25,580,000 and net losses of 17.899,000 and 2,863,000 respectively. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenditures to develop and market our products and services and we could continue to incur losses and negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future. 
 
 In addition, our operating results have in the past been subject to quarter-to-quarter fluctuations, and we expect that these fluctuations will continue, and may increase in magnitude, in future periods. Demand for our products is driven by many factors, including the availability of funding for our products in our customers budgets. There is a trend for some of our customers to place large orders near the end of a quarter or fiscal year, in part to spend remaining available budget funds. Seasonal fluctuations in customer demand for our products driven by budgetary and other concerns can create corresponding fluctuations in period-to-period revenue, and we therefore cannot assure you that our results in one period are necessarily indicative of our revenue in any future period. In addition, the number and timing of large individual sales and the ability to obtain acceptances of those sales, where applicable, have been difficult for us to predict, and large individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. The loss or deferral of one or more significant sales in a quarter could harm our operating results for such quarter. It is possible that, in some quarters, our operating results will be below the expectations of public market analysts or investors. Finally, supply chain issues may affect future quarters. 
 
 With our expected reductions in California expenses, it is uncertain whether our operating expenses may continue to increase. Expanding our operations may also impose significant demands on our management, finances and other resources. Our ability to manage the anticipated future growth, should it occur, will depend upon expansion of our accounting and other internal management systems and the implementation and subsequent improvement of a variety of systems, procedures and controls. We cannot assure you that significant problems in these areas will not occur. Our failure to expand these areas and implement and improve such systems, procedures and controls in an efficient manner at a pace consistent with our business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our attempts to expand our marketing, sales, manufacturing and customer support efforts may not succeed or generate additional sales or profits in any future period. With an increase in our operating expenses, along with the difficulty in forecasting revenue levels, we may experience significant fluctuations in our results of operations. 
 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to achieve a level of revenue adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or obtain additional financings necessary to support our working capital requirements. 
 
 Because Ault is ending its support, we will need additional capital to fund our operations, and our inability to generate or obtain such capital on acceptable terms, or at all, could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 Ault has publicly announced that it intends to distribute its shares of our common stock, on a pro rata basis to the holders of Ault common stock, subject to regulatory approval (the Distribution ). Ault will not support us financially in the future. Ault Lending, an Ault subsidiary, potentially may lend us 425,000 through May 2023 in connection with our December 31, 2022 issuance to Ault Lending of a 10 senior secured convertible note in the principal amount of 6,750,000. We will need to raise additional capital to pay our indebtedness and to support our working capital requirements and our planned growth. Ault currently has over 35,000 stockholders that will receive shares of our common stock in connection with the Distribution. We estimate that the cost of printing and mailing of proxy materials for an annual meeting in compliance with the SEC rules and regulations will increase by approximately 100,000 on annual basis. This will further increase our need to secure additional financing to fund our operations. Any other future financing may include shares of common stock, shares of preferred stock, warrants to purchase shares of common stock or preferred stock, debt securities, units consisting of the foregoing securities, equity investments from strategic development partners or some combination of the foregoing. There is no assurance that additional financing will be available, or if available, will be on acceptable terms. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to curtail our operations and take additional measures to reduce costs, including reducing our workforce and eliminating outside consultants in order to conserve cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet our obligations. This could in its turn have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and future prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any future financing. 
 
 Because we require consents for certain debt financings and acquisitions, we may not be able to pursue these transactions we cannot obtain the consents. 
 
 We issued Ault Series F preferred stock and common stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination. The term of the Series F contains negative covenants that apply until Ault completes the Distribution. Until that occurs, we must obtain Ault s consent before, among 
 20 

other things, incurring indebtedness of 1,000,000 in any individual transaction or 2,500,000 in the aggregate, or acquiring any business in which the aggregate consideration payable by us is 1 million or more. In addition, if we issue further equity, subject to exceptions for certain excluded securities, such limited issuances pursuant to equity incentive plans, Ault will have the right to purchase additional equity to maintain its ownership interest . Even when Ault fully converts the Series F into shares of our common stock prior to the Distribution, t he Convertible Notes that we issued in connection with the Ault Financing and the transaction documents that we entered into in connection with our January 2023 sale of 3.3 million in Senior Secured Convertible Notes (the Notes with the two investment funds (the Lenders contain substantially similar covenants that are included in the Series F. These provisions could limit our ability to raise capital or make future acquisitions, particularly larger acquisitions. For more information about these negative covenants, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources Our Recent Financings. 
 
 As a result of our outstanding indebtedness and related warrants, our stockholders are subject to significant future dilution. 
 
 As of May 4, 2023 we had 14.4 million in outstanding indebtedness evidenced by convertible notes which are convertible into 18.5 million shares of our common stock, subject to possible increases, and 2 million warrants exercisable for nominal consideration and 69,000 warrants exercisable for 3.92 per share. Because of our cash needs, it likely will have to engage in a new financing or modification of our existing financings or at least the 3.3 million of convertible notes. Any new financing or modification may be even further dilutive to our stockholders. Further, the Ault and Ault Lending notes and the Notes each have price protection so if we enter into a new financing with a lower conversion or exercise price, those instruments will automatically be adjusted resulting in further dilution. 
 
 Economic, Policy and Business Risks 
 
 A large percentage of our current revenue is derived from prime defense contractors to the U.S. government and its allies, and the loss of these relationships, a reduction in government funding or a change in government spending priorities or bidding processes could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The defense programs on which we compete with other policy needs, which may be viewed as more necessary, for limited resources and an ever-changing amount of available funding in the budget and appropriation process. For example, budget and appropriations decisions made by the governments of the United States, the UK and Israel are outside of our control and have long-term consequences for its business. Government spending priorities and levels remain uncertain and difficult to predict and are affected by numerous factors, and the purchase of our products could be superseded by alternate arrangements. While defense budgets in countries around the world have recently increased, there can be no assurance that such increases will continue for the foreseeable future. A change in government spending priorities or an increase in non-procurement spending at the expense of our programs, or a reduction in total defense spending, could have material adverse consequences on our future business. 
 
 If our reputation or relationships with the governments of the U.S., the UK or Israel or the limited number of defense contractors with whom we work were harmed, our future revenues and cash flows would be adversely affected. 
 
 Gresham Worldwide derives most of its revenue from the governments of the U.S., the UK and Israel as well defense contractors across the world that supply those countries and their allies. Our reputation and relationships with various government entities and agencies, in particular with the U.S. Department of Defense and Ministries of Defense in the UK and Israel, and the limited number of defense contractors serving these agencies, are key factors in maintaining and growing these revenues and winning bids for new business. Negative press reports or publicity, regardless of accuracy, could harm our reputation. If our reputation or relationships with government agencies were to be negatively affected, or if we are suspended or debarred from contracting with government agencies for any reason, the amount of business with government and other customers would decrease and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Because we engage in fixed fee contracts with our customers, we face pressure on our gross profit margins and operating costs from inflation . 
 
 Our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity may be negatively impacted by increased levels of inflation. We are not able to predict the timing and effect of inflation, or its duration and severity. Inflation may cause our costs to purchase inventory to be higher than we planned, and reduce our gross profit margins. Also inflation tends to increase our compensation and other costs. We may not be able to sell our products to our customers at correspondingly increased prices to cover the impact of inflation, resulting in decreased profit margins. 
 
 Governments typically may terminate our contracts at any time prior to their completion, which could lead to unexpected loss of sales and reduction in our backlog. 
 
 Under the terms of our contracts with prime defense contractors, the military may unilaterally: 
 
 21 

terminate or modify existing contracts; 

reduce the value of existing contracts through partial termination; and 

delay the payment of our invoices by government payment offices and/or contractors directly serving the government. 

The government can terminate or modify any of its contracts with us or our prime contractors either for the federal government s convenience, or if we or our prime contractors default, by failing to perform under the terms of the applicable contract. A termination arising out of our default could expose it to liability and have a material adverse effect on its ability to compete for future government contracts and subcontracts. If the government or its prime contractors terminate and/or materially modify any of our contracts or if any applicable options are not exercised, our failure to replace sales generated from such contracts would lower sales and would adversely affect our earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. While our backlog as of March 31, 2023, was approximately 25.7 million, our backlog could be adversely affected if contracts are modified or terminated. 
 
 We may have liabilities that are not known, probable or estimable at this time . 
 
 We remain subject to certain past, current, and future liabilities. There could be unasserted claims or assessments against or affecting us, including the failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, there may be liabilities of ours that are neither probable nor estimable at this time that may become probable or estimable in the future, including indemnification requests received from our customers relating to claims of infringement or misappropriation of third party intellectual property or other proprietary rights, tax liabilities arising in connection with ongoing or future tax audits and liabilities in connection with other past, current and future legal claims and litigation. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We may learn additional information that adversely affects us, such as unknown, unasserted, or contingent liabilities and issues relating to compliance with applicable laws or infringement or misappropriation of third-party intellectual property or other proprietary rights. 
 
 The integration of our business and any future acquisitions may disrupt or have a negative impact on our business. 
 
 Achieving the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination will depend in significant part upon whether we are able to integrate our combined business in an efficient and effective manner. The actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits of the integration plan may not be realized. The companies may not be able to accomplish the integration process smoothly, successfully or on a timely basis. The necessity of coordinating geographically separated organizations, managements, systems of controls, and facilities and addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies may increase the difficulties of integration. The companies operate numerous systems and controls, including those involving management information, purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, billing, employee benefits, payroll and regulatory compliance. The integration of operations following the Business Combination and future acquisitions will continue to require the dedication of significant management and external resources, which may distract management s attention from the day-to-day business of the Company and be costly. Employee uncertainty and lack of focus during the integration process may also disrupt our business. Any inability of management to successfully and timely integrate the operations of the two companies could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For example, our former Chief Executive Officer elected to retire in January 2023, which may be perceived negatively by our legacy employees, contractors, customers or other stakeholders. 
 
 In addition, we plan to make additional acquisitions as part of our growth strategy. Whenever we make acquisitions, we could have difficulty integrating the acquired companies personnel and operations with our own. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired business may not be willing to work for us. We cannot predict the effect any expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether we are successful in making an acquisition, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. In addition to the risks described above, acquisitions are accompanied by inherent risks, including, without limitation, the following: 
 
 difficulty of integrating acquired products, services or operations; 

integration of new employees and management into our culture while maintaining focus on operating efficiently and providing consistently high-quality goods and services; 

potential disruption of the ongoing businesses and distraction of our management and the management of acquired companies; 

complexity associated with managing our company; 

difficulty of incorporating acquired rights or products into our existing business; 

difficulties in disposing of the excess or idle facilities of an acquired company or business and expenses in maintaining such facilities; 

difficulties in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

potential impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result of any integration of new management personnel; 

22 

potential inability or failure to achieve additional sales and enhance our customer base through cross- marketing of the products to new and existing customers; 

effect of any government regulations which relate to the business acquired; and 

potential unknown liabilities associated with acquired businesses or product lines, or the need to spend significant amounts to retool, reposition or modify the marketing and sales of acquired products or the defense of any litigation, whether or not successful, resulting from actions of the acquired company prior to our acquisition. 

Our business could be severely impaired if and to the extent that we are unable to succeed in addressing any of these risks or other problems encountered in connection with these acquisitions, many of which cannot be presently identified, these risks and problems could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our goodwill or other intangible assets may become impaired, which could result in material non-cash charges to its results of operations . 
 
 We have goodwill and other intangible assets resulting from acquisitions by Gresham of its subsidiaries in the past. At least annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment in the carrying value as defined by generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP, we will evaluate this goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment based on the fair value of each reporting unit. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we will record an impairment charge. Determination of fair value requires considerable judgment and is sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates and market factors. Estimated fair values could change if there are changes in our capital structure, cost of debt, interest rates , capital expenditure levels, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. If we are required to recognize future non-cash charges related to impairment of goodwill, our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 At December 31 , 2022 , we carried a significant amount of goodwill on our balance sheet. To the extent any of our acquisitions do not perform as anticipated and its underlying assumptions and estimates related to the fair value determination are not met, the value of such assets may be negatively affected and we could be required to record impairment charges. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 10.46 million associated with the acquisition of Giga-tronics business. Refer to Note 9 - Goodwill of our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and supplementary Data of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information 
 
 Our utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a pre-tax federal net operating loss carryforward of 18,384,000 and a state net operating loss carryforward of 22,360,000 available to reduce future taxable income, if any, prior to limitations that may be imposed under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code or otherwise. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire from year ending 202 3 through 2038 and from 203 1 through 2042, respectively. The federal net operating loss amount of 3,286,000 from year ended 2017 through 2022 will have an indefinite life. As of December 31, 2022, we had 10,206,000 of foreign net operating loss carryforward. 
 
 As a result of the Business Combination, we generally continue to carry such NOLs, but we may be unable to fully use such NOLs, if at all. Under Section 382 of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (very generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in the corporation s equity ownership by certain stockholders or groups of stockholders over a rolling three-year period ), the corporation s ability to use its pre-ownership change NOLs to offset its post-ownership change income may be limited. In addition, we may experience an ownership change in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in its stock ownership. Future regulatory changes could also limit our ability to utilize its NOLs. To the extent our NOLs are not utilized to offset future taxable income, our net income and cash flows may be adversely affected. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ), as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), among other things, includes changes to U.S. federal tax rates and the rules governing NOL carryforwards. For U.S. federal NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, with certain exceptions, the Tax Act as modified by the CARES Act limits a taxpayer s ability to utilize NOL carryforwards in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, to 80 of taxable income. In addition, U.S. federal NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, can be carried forward indefinitely. Deferred tax assets for NOLs will need to be measured at the applicable tax rate in effect when the NOLs are expected to be utilized. The new limitation on use of NOLs may significantly impact our ability to utilize our NOLs to offset taxable income in the future. In addition, for state income tax purposes, there may be periods during which the use of net operating loss carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 
 
 The effects of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and tensions elsewhere in the world on the capital markets and the economy is uncertain, and we may have to deal with a recessionary economy and economic uncertainty including possible adverse effects upon the capital markets. 
 
 While the effects of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the resulting international sanctions are uncertain, they have already had an immediate effect on the global economy, including the economies of the United States and the United Kingdom by causing, among other things, continued inflation and substantial increases in the prices of oil, gas and other commodities. The conflict has created increased uncertainty in the capital 
 23 

markets with declines in leading market indexes. The duration of this conflict and its impacts are uncertain. Similarly, tensions in Asia with aggressive conduct in China and North Korea and ongoing conflicts in the Middle East have the potential further add to uncertainty and cause disruption in capital markets. Finally, the recent banking crisis may limit traditional bank financing and lead to more issuers seeking capital from investment bankers and institutional investors. This may make it more difficult for us to raise capital and the result may be more expense and dilution. We cannot predict how these factors will affect the capital markets, but the impact may be adverse and may delay or prevent us from completing future financings or make any financings. 
 
 If the inflationary pressures in the United States and elsewhere where we operate continue, we could experience reduced margins and lose future business . 
 
 The current inflationary pressures are affecting our gross profit margins particularly since we have lacked the capital to accumulate material inventory. Most of our contracts (except with Relec) are fixed price, which reduces our margins when inflation occurs. Reducing our selling prices results in further reduction of our margins. This customer pricing pressure may also result in the loss of contracts and/or future business. Finally, we are experiencing rising labor and other costs which may further increase our losses. 
 
 We may be unable to execute our acquisition growth strategy . 
 
 Once we solve our working capital need, we plan to make additional acquisitions as part of our growth strategy. Our acquisition growth strategy will involve a number of risks and uncertainties. We may be unable to successfully identify suitable acquisition targets and complete acquisitions. Our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition candidates as well as our ability to successfully integrate any target s operations into our business. 
 
 Additional factors may negatively impact our growth strategy. Our strategy may require spending significant amounts of capital. If we are unable to obtain additional needed financing on acceptable terms, we may need to reduce the scope of our acquisition growth strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects. If any of the aforementioned factors force management to alter our growth strategy , our growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 We will have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity as consideration in any future acquisitions, each of which could adversely affect our financial condition or the market price of our common stock. The sale of equity or issuance of equity-linked debt to finance any future acquisitions could result in dilution to our stockholders. Incurring indebtedness may result in increased fixed obligations and could limit our flexibility in managing our business due to covenants or other restrictions contained in debt instruments. In addition, Ault, prior to the Distributions and the Lenders, will have the right to approve or disapprove of any such indebtedness and certain acquisitions. 
 
 Further, we may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits of completed acquisitions. Some acquisition targets may not have a developed business or will be experiencing inefficiencies and incur losses. Additionally, small defense contractors which we consider suitable acquisition targets may be uniquely dependent on their prior owners and the loss of such owners services following the completion of acquisitions may adversely affect their business. Therefore, we may lose our investment in the event that the acquired businesses do not develop as planned or that we are unable to achieve the anticipated cost efficiencies or reduction of losses. Even if we are able to do so, we may not realize the full anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, and our business, financial conditions and results of operations may suffer. 
 
 Additionally, our and Gresham s acquisitions have previously required, and any similar future transactions may also require, significant management efforts and expenditures. Regardless of whether we are successful in making an acquisition, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, divert the attention of our management and key employees and increase our expenses. 
 
 If we lose key personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 Our success will depend on the continued contributions of key officers and employees. The loss of the services of key officers and employees, whether such loss is through resignation or other causes, or the inability to attract additional qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Although we expect most of our employees will continue to remain as our employees, it is possible some employees may quit. Depending upon who they are and how many employees quit, we may be adversely affected. 
 
 With the closing of the Business Combination, our management, with the exception of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Technology Officer, was replaced by Gresham s management. Our former Chief Executive Officer remained with us in the transition but elected to retire in January 2023 as a full-time employee. If we were to lose Jonathan Read, Timothy Long, and/or Lutz Henckels, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer respectively, our business would be materially and adversely affected. The loss of Zvika Avni, who manages our Israeli operations, could also materially harm our business. 
 
 Our sales and profitability may be affected by changes in economic, business and industry conditions. 
 24 

If the economic climate in the United States or abroad deteriorates, customers or potential customers could reduce or delay their orders. In this environment, our customers may experience financial difficulty, reduce operations and fail to budget or reduce budgets for the purchase of our products. This may lead to longer sales cycles, delays in purchase decisions, payment and collection, and can also result in downward price pressures, causing our sales and profitability to decline. In addition, general economic uncertainty and general declines in capital spending in the defense electronics sector make it difficult to predict changes in the purchasing requirements of our customers and the markets we serve. There are many other factors which could affect our business, including: 
 
 Political factors, which result in a reduction of defense expenditures; 

The end of the Russian war on Ukraine, easing of tensions in Asia and stability in the Middle East; 

Gas shortages and environmental issues which divert defense expenditures in the United Kingdom; 

The continuation of the banking crisis and its effects on the credit and capital markets; 

The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies, products and services; 

New competitors and new forms of competition; 

The size and timing of customer orders (for retail distributed physical product); 

The size and timing of capital expenditures by our customers; 

Adverse changes in the credit quality of our customers and suppliers; 

Changes in the pricing policies of, or the introduction of, new products and services by us or our competitors; 

Changes in the terms of our contracts with our customers or suppliers; 

The availability of products and schedule for deliveries from our suppliers; and 

Variations in product costs and the mix of products sold. 

These trends and factors could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and diminish our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. 
 
 We have been significantly short of capital needed to acquire parts for manufacture of our products to complete orders. At times, we have not had the cash available to make advance payments for the purchase of parts, and then, as a consequence, we would not receive the parts from our vendors required to finish a customer order. This would then delay the delivery of our products to customers and would also delay recognition of the resulting revenue and the receipt of cash from the customer. There can be no assurance that we will not operate at a loss during the current or future fiscal years. 
 
 Our future profitability depends upon many factors, including several that are beyond our control. These factors include, without limitation: 
 
 supply chain shortages which are currently ongoing; 

changes in the demand for our products and services; 

the availability of working capital; 

the success of our plan to have our Microsource subsidiary work down the backlog at Microphase to accelerate revenues; 

our loss of key customers or contracts; 

our ability to hire engineers and other technical personnel; 

the introduction of competitive products; 

the failure to gain market acceptance of its new and existing products; and 

changes in technology which cause some of our products to be obsolete. 

Sales, Business Development and Competitive Risks 
 
 25 

Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, our sales and revenue are difficult to predict and may vary substantially from period to period, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly . 
 
 The timing of our revenues is difficult to predict. Factors that may contribute to these fluctuations include our dependence on the defense industry, a limited number of customers, the nature and length of our sales cycles for our products and services, the duration and delivery schedules within our customer contracts and our ability to timely develop, produce and upgrade our products. 
 
 Most of our revenues result from a limited number of relatively large orders that we receive from prime defense contractors and government agencies. We spend substantial time and resources on our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. In addition, purchases of our products are frequently subject to budget constraints (including constraints imposed by governmental agencies), multiple approvals, and unplanned administrative, processing and other delays. Even if we receive a purchase order from a customer, there may be circumstances or terms relating to the purchase that delay our ability to recognize revenue from that purchase, which makes our revenue difficult to forecast. As a result, it is difficult to predict whether a sale will be completed, the particular fiscal period in which a sale will be completed or the fiscal period in which revenue from a sale will be recognized. For these reasons, our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Such unpredictable operating results may adversely impact the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Our sales are significantly dependent on the defense industry and a limited number of customers . 
 
 A significant proportion of our current product and service offerings are directed towards the defense marketplace, which has a limited number of customers. If the defense market demand decreases, our sales may be less than projected with a resulting decline in revenues. As a result, our business depends upon continued U.S., Israeli, United Kingdom and other countries government expenditures on defense systems for which we provide support. These expenditures have not remained constant over time and have been reduced in some periods. Our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results, and the trading price of our common stock could be materially harmed, among other causes, by the following: 
 
 Budgetary constraints, including mandated automatic spending cuts, affecting across-the-board government spending, or specific agencies in particular, and changes in available funding 

A shift in expenditures away from defense programs that we support 

U.S. government shutdowns due to, among other reasons, a failure by elected officials to fund the government and other potential delays in the appropriations process 

Delays in the payment of our invoices by government payment offices 

Changes in the political climate and general economic conditions, including a slowdown of the economy or unstable economic conditions and responses to conditions, such as emergency spending, that reduce funds available for other government priorities 

Additionally, the loss of any one customer may have a material adverse effect on future operating results and financial condition. Our product backlog also has a number of risks and uncertainties such as the cancellation or deferral of orders, dispute over performance of our products and our ability to collect amounts due under these orders. If any of these events were to occur, actual shipments could be lower than projected and revenues could decline which would have an adverse effect on our operating results and liquidity. 
 
 We face intense industry competition and product obsolescence, which, in turn, could increase our losses. 
 
 We operate in an industry that is generally characterized by intense competition. Our competitors continuously engage in efforts to expand their business relationships with the same major defense contractors and the government with whom we enter into contracts with and will continue these efforts in the future, and the governments may choose to use other contractors. We believe that the principal bases of competition in our markets are breadth of product line, quality of products, stability, reliability and reputation of the provider, along with cost. Quantity discounts, price erosion, and rapid product obsolescence due to technological improvements are therefore common in our industry as competitors strive to retain or expand market share. Product obsolescence can lead to increases in unsaleable inventory that may need to be written off and, therefore, could reduce our profitability. Additionally, as we are seeing with Microsource, the U.S. military s decision to discontinue ordering certain aircraft where Microsource acts as a supplier, results in our loss of orders. 
 
 Because our competitors have greater resources, we may not compete effectively. 
 
 Several of our competitors, including, among others, K L Microwave, Q Microwave, Amplitech, Qorvo, Northrop Grumman, Textron, Keysight, Rohde Schwarz and National Instruments have substantially greater research and development, manufacturing, marketing, financial, technological personnel and managerial resources than us. These resources also make these competitors better able to withstand difficult market 
 26 

conditions than us. We cannot provide assurance that any products developed by these competitors will not gain greater market acceptance than any developed by us. 
 
 Our products compete and will compete with similar, if not identical, products produced by our competitors. These competitive products could be marketed by well-established, successful companies that possess greater financial, marketing, distribution personnel, and other resources than we do. These companies can implement extensive advertising and promotional campaigns. They can introduce new products to new markets more rapidly. In certain instances, competitors with greater financial resources may be able to enter a market in direct competition with us, offering attractive marketing tools to encourage the sale of products that compete with our products or present cost features that customers may find attractive. 
 
 The markets for some of our products (such as our commercial products in the United Kingdom) are also subject to specific competitive risks because these markets are highly price sensitive. Our competitors have competed in the past by lowering prices on certain products. If they do so again, we may be forced to respond by lowering our prices. This would reduce revenue and increase losses. Failure to anticipate and respond to price competition may also further reduce our revenue and increase our losses. 
 
 If we are unable to monetize our EW business, we may be required to discontinue its business. 
 
 We initially sold our test solutions in laboratory settings. Competing against market incumbents in this segment exposed greater than expected challenges. Consequently, our EW test sales have fallen short of our expectations due to the longer than expected time required to establish credibility and grow market share in the laboratory segment. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we moved beyond the laboratory environment and pursued opportunities for open-air range applications for our Threat Emulation System TEmS solution. Market incumbents on these ranges offer single-purpose solutions because the applications being addressed are less data-intensive and narrower in their requirements compared to those in the laboratory environment. We successfully won sales into applications for air-crew training and air-to-ground missile testing. 
 
 Through December 31, 2022, we have spent over 24.0 million towards the development of the TEmS solution, but in calendar year 2022, we only sold 1.8 million of EW test products. Over the last four years the sales of EW test products have averaged 2.6 million annually. Our inventory of EW test products was 1.43 million as of December 31, 2022. We have no backlog for our EW test products as of the date of this Report. However, we expect a new order in May although due to the current United States debt ceiling issues or other reasons, that order may be delayed or not received. 
 
 Accordingly, if we are unable to monetize our EW business, we may be forced to liquidate our remaining inventory and discontinue its operations. 
 
 The sale of our products is dependent upon our ability to satisfy the proprietary requirements of our customers. 
 
 We depend upon a relatively narrow range of products for the majority of our revenue. Our success in marketing our products is dependent upon their continued acceptance by our customers . In some cases, our customers require that our products meet their own proprietary requirements. If we are unable to satisfy such requirements, or forecast and adapt to changes in such requirements, our business could be materially harmed. 
 
 If we fail to anticipate and adequately respond to rapid technological changes in our industry, including evolving industry-wide standards, in a timely and cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Rapid technology changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, which technologies and/or distribution platforms our products must take advantage of in order to make them competitive in the market at the time they are released. Therefore, we usually start our product development with a range of technical development goals that we hope to be able to achieve for our customers. We may not be able to achieve these goals, or our competition may be able to achieve them more quickly than we can. In either case, our products may be technologically inferior to competitive products, or less appealing to consumers, or both. If we cannot achieve our technology goals for our customers within the original development schedule of our products, then our customers may opt for competitive offerings or we may delay products until these technology goals can be achieved, which may delay or reduce revenue and increase our development expenses. Alternatively, we can increase the resources employed in research and development in an attempt to accelerate our development of new technologies, either to preserve promised delivery date to our customers or to keep up with our competition, which would increase our development expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Performance and Operational Risks 
 
 If we are unable to identify, attract, train and retain qualified personnel, especially our design and technical personnel, our business and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected and we may not be able to effectively execute our business strategy . 
 27 

Our performance and future success largely depends on its continuing ability to identify, attract, train, retain and motivate qualified personnel, including its management, sales and marketing, finance and in particular its engineering, design and technical personnel. For example, we currently have a limited number of qualified personnel for the assembling, tuning and testing processes. Members of our technical staff are nearing retirement, and it may be difficult to replace them, given their experience and expertise. In addition, we will need additional staff to drive Microphase s forecasted growth and to allow Enertec to handle more large orders. We do not know whether we can expand our workforce as needed. Our engineering, design and technical personnel represent a significant asset. The competition for qualified personnel in the defense industry in the United States, United Kingdom and Israel is intense and constrains our ability to attract qualified personnel. The loss of the services of one or more of our key employees, especially our key engineering, design and technical personnel, or its inability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Performance problems in our products or problems arising from the use of our products together with other vendors products may harm our business and reputation . 
 
 Products as complex as those we produce may contain unknown and undetected defects or performance problems. For example, it is possible that one of our products might not comply with stipulated specifications under all circumstances. In addition, our customers generally use our products together with their own products and products from other vendors. As a result, when problems occur in a combined equipment environment, it may be difficult to identify the source of the problem. A defect or performance problem could result in lost revenues, increased warranty costs, diversion of engineering and management time and effort, impaired customer relationships and injury to our reputation generally. 
 
 Our EW test and training products are complex and could have unknown defects or errors, which may increase our costs, harm our reputation with customers, give rise to costly litigation, or divert our resources from other purposes. 
 
 Our EW test and training systems are extremely complex. Despite testing, our initial products contained defects and errors and may in the future contain defects, errors or performance problems following the sale or when new versions or enhancements are released, or even after these products have been used by our customers for a period of time. These problems could result in expensive and time-consuming design modifications or warranty charges, delays in the introduction of new products or enhancements, significant increases in our service and maintenance costs, diversion of our personnel s attention from our product development and sales efforts, exposure to liability for damages, damaged customer relationships, and harm to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, increased development and warranty costs could be substantial and could reduce our operating margins. 
 
 We face risks related to production delays, delays of customer orders and the relatively high selling price of our RADAR/EW testing platform. 
 
 Our EW test and training platform has been a primary product development focus for the legacy Giga-tronics business for the last several years. However, delays in completing its initial development, together with early design and manufacturing issues and longer than anticipated sales cycles have contributed to our inability to generate material sales. Additionally, the average selling price of our EW test and training system is considerably higher than our prior general-purpose test and measurement products, which requires additional internal approvals on the part of the customer and generally leads to longer sales cycles. Our financial condition may also cause potential customers to delay, postpone or decide against placing orders for our products. Continued longer than anticipated sales cycles in future fiscal years, or delays in production and shipping volume quantities, could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and liquidity. 
 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity threats and other security threats and disruptions. 
 
 As a defense contractor, we face certain security threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure, attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, threats to physical security, and domestic terrorism events. Our information technology networks and related systems are critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to successfully perform day-to-day operations. We are also involved with information technology systems for certain customers and other third parties, which generally face similar security threats. Cybersecurity threats in particular, are persistent, evolve quickly and include, but are not limited to, computer viruses, attempts to access information, denial of service and other electronic security breaches believe that we have implemented appropriate measures and controls and invested in skilled information technology resources to appropriately identify threats and mitigate potential risks, but there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent disruptions to mission critical systems, the unauthorized release of confidential information or corruption of data. A security breach or other significant disruption involving these types of information and information technology networks and related systems could: 
 
 disrupt the proper functioning of these networks and systems and therefore its operations and/or those of certain of its customers; 

28 

result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, our proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information, our operating companies or their customers, including trade secrets, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 

compromise national security and other sensitive government functions; 

require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that result; 

subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination; and 

damage our reputation with its customers and the United States, United Kingdom and Israel, and the public generally. 

Any or all of the foregoing could have a negative impact on its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Failure of our information technology infrastructure to operate effectively could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We depend heavily on information technology infrastructure to achieve our business objectives. If a problem occurs that impairs this infrastructure, the resulting disruption could impede our ability to record or process orders, manufacture and ship in a timely manner, or otherwise carry on business in the normal course. Any such events could cause us to lose customers or revenue and could require us to incur significant expense to remediate. 
 
 Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, we had disruptions to its business which caused a material effect on its business and results of operations. The future impacts on us, if any, are uncertain. 
 
 Our business was materially affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The disruptions caused by the pandemic included temporary closures of our facilities, including a shutdown of our Microphase facility in Connecticut for three weeks in December 2020 and suspension of production operations for our Gresham Power subsidiary located in Salisbury, United Kingdom from March 19, 2020, until June 2020 and from November 2020 until the Spring of 2021. This resulted in a significant decrease of revenue in December 2020 and a decrease in January to February 2021. In addition, Gresham Power experienced substantial revenue decreases while shut down. In January 2022, Israel experienced a fifth wave of COVID-19 with the Omicron variant. Many of the workers of Enertec became ill and/or worked from home. Despite this disruption, it did not materially impact Enertec s operations. 
 
 We also incurred expenses related to implementing the workplace safety protocols and adjusting for remote working arrangements. Some non-production employees work remotely part of the time. However, not all employees are as efficient working remotely and our business may be adversely affected as the result. Additionally, certain employees at our production facilities must continue to work on site to continue manufacture for essential government programs. 
 
 Further, lockdowns affected our sales and market strategy. This resulted in an increase in the average length of sales cycles to onboard new customers and delays in new projects, which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition in future periods. 
 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the American, Israeli and United Kingdom economies sustained material slowdowns during part of the pandemic. While people continue to be infected with COVID-19, serious illnesses and deaths have diminished. As new variants rise, this trend may not continue. 
 Because of the uncertainty surrounding COVID-19, we cannot be certain whether COVID-19 will adversely affect us in the future. 
 
 Earthquakes and other events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 
 Our Giga-tronics facility is located in the San Francisco Bay Area near known earthquake fault zones and is vulnerable to significant damage from earthquakes. We are also vulnerable to other natural disasters, epidemics, such as COVID-19, and other events that could disrupt our operations that may be beyond our control. We do not carry insurance for earthquakes and we may not carry sufficient business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur. Any losses or damages we incur could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, cash flows and success as an overall business. 
 
 Supply chain disruptions and our inability to procure necessary component parts for our products have materially and adversely affected our results of operations and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in the future. 
 
 We manufacture some components for our products, but we rely on subcontract manufacturers to supply components for many of our product offerings. Our reliance upon such subcontract manufacturers involves several risks, including reduced control over manufacturing costs, delivery times, reliability and quality of components, unfavorable currency exchange fluctuations, and continued inflationary pressures on many of the raw materials used in the manufacturing of our products. If we were to encounter a shortage of key manufacturing components from limited 
 29 

sources of supply, or experience manufacturing delays caused by reduced manufacturing capacity, the inability of our subcontract manufacturers to procure raw materials, the loss of key assembly subcontractors, difficulties associated with the transition to our new subcontract manufacturers or other factors, we could experience lost revenue, increased costs, and delays in, or cancellations or rescheduling of, orders or shipments, any of which would materially harm our business. 
 
 Supply chain disruptions have affected us. During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we have experienced delays in our receipt of certain components, which temporarily delayed shipments in the U.S., the UK and Israel. 
 
 Our Microsource, Microphase, Enertec, Gresham Power and Relec subsidiaries and Giga-tronics Division all have experienced supply chain disruptions, albeit in different ways. Our Giga-tronics Division experienced a 55-week delivery lead-time for a memory card and 36-week delivery lead-time for the chassis on which to build its TEmS that constrains the revenue that it can generate and cash flow. Microphase experienced a 45-week delay in securing certain video component parts for a customer, which adversely impacted Microphase s revenues and cash flows. While Relec experienced a spike in bookings, it encountered longer delivery lead-times for products it distributes. That in turn also delays fulfillment of orders, defers revenue recognition and increases capital requirements to finance the interval between payment for goods and release of goods from inventory to customers for payment. Enertec experienced problems with component delivery times in 2022. Enertec began purchasing component parts at least nine months in advance in 2022. The current situation has put a lot of pressure on Enertec s cash flow. All our operating companies have implemented strategies to deal with extended delivery lead-times and manage customer expectations on delivery dates for our product offerings. We cannot assure you that these initiatives will succeed and supply chain issues will continue to cause challenges for our operating subsidiaries in the future. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic had significant impacts on our supply chain throughout 2021 and 2022. Many of our suppliers have indicated similar challenges in keeping their own operations running and management believes there may still be some residual delays in fulfilling orders due to limited availability of parts and services. We expect this situation to improve toward the end of 2023. 
 
 We may not be able to procure necessary key components for our products, or we may purchase too much inventory. 
 
 The defense industry, and the electronics industry as a whole, can be subject to business cycles. During periods of growth and high demand for our products, we may not have adequate supplies of inventory on hand to satisfy our customers needs. Furthermore, during these periods of growth, our suppliers may also experience high demand and, therefore, may not have adequate levels of the components and other materials that we require to build products so that it can meet our customers needs. Our inability to secure sufficient components to build products for our customers could negatively impact our sales and operating results. We may choose to mitigate this risk by increasing the levels of inventory for certain key components assuming we have available cash resources. Increased inventory levels can increase the potential risk for excess and obsolescence should our forecasts fail to materialize or if there are negative factors impacting our customers end markets. If we purchase too much inventory, we may have to record additional inventory reserves or write-off the inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our gross margins and on our results of operations. 
 
 We depend on a limited number of major customers for a significant portion of our revenue. The loss of any of these customers, or the substantial reduction in the quantity of products that they purchase from us, would materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our operating companies typically depend upon a limited number of major customers to generate a significant portion of its revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Enertec derived close to 90 and 95 , respectively, of its revenues from 2 customers. In each of those years, 83 and 87 of Microphase revenues came from the same 6 customers while 3 customers accounted for 76 and 67 of the revenues of Microphase for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. However, there is no assurance that the customers, which account for the great proportion of sales in our operating companies will continue placing further orders beyond the backlog orders on hand now. Among the factors that affect future orders are: 
 
 We have no intellectual property rights beyond trade secrets for the equipment we manufacture; 

We are subject to competition from many manufacturers of purpose-built electronics; 

We introduce a new upgraded version of the equipment which may not meet the customer s needs; 

Changing technology may make our products less useful to the customer; 

The customer may decrease the size of its orders or seek to reduce our selling price at any time; 

The customer may elect to use manufacturers other than our operating companies; and 

If one or more of our major customers reduce or cancel their orders scaling back some of their activities, our revenue would be significantly reduced. Furthermore, reduction or diversions in defense spending may lead to reduced demand for our products, which could, in turn, have a 
 30 

material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If the financial condition of one or more of our major customers were to deteriorate, or if such customers have difficulty acquiring investment capital due to any of these or other factors, a substantial decrease in our revenue would likely result. 
 
 If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 
 We are experiencing, growth in our operations. This growth will place, significant demands on our management, operational and financial infrastructure . If we do not manage our growth effectively, the quality of our products and services could suffer, which could negatively affect our operating results. To effectively manage our growth, we must continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and reporting systems and procedures. These systems improvements may require significant capital expenditures and management resources. Failure to implement these improvements could hurt our ability to effectively manage our growth and would in its turn have a material adverse impact on our business and future operating results. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully expand our production capacity, it could result in material delays, quality issues, increased costs, and loss of business opportunities, which may negatively impact our profit margins and operating results. 
 
 Part of our future growth strategy is to increase our production capacity to meet increasing demand for our products. Assuming we obtain sufficient funding to increase our production capacity, any projects to increase such capacity may not be implemented on the anticipated timetable or within budget. We may also experience quality control issues as we implement any production upgrades. Any material delay in completing these projects, or any substantial cost increases or quality issues in connection with these projects could materially delay our ability to bring our products to market and adversely affect our business, reduce our revenue, income and available cash, all of which could harm our financial condition. 
 
 Our strategic focus on purpose-built electronics solution competencies and concurrent cost reduction plans may be ineffective or may limit our ability to compete. 
 
 We devote significant resources to developing and manufacturing bespoke electronics solutions for our customers. Each product typically represents a uniquely tailored solution for a specific customer s requirements. Failure to meet these customer product requirements or a failure to meet production schedules and/or product quality standards may put us at risk with one or more of these customers. Moreover, changes in market conditions and changes in the needs and requirements of our customers may affect their purchasing decisions. The loss of one or more of our significant custom electronics solution customers could have a material adverse impact on our revenue, business or financial condition. 
 
 We have implemented a series of initiatives designed to increase efficiency and reduce costs. While we believe that these actions will have a positive impact, they may not be sufficient to achieve the required operational efficiencies that will enable us to respond more quickly to changes in the market or result in the improvements in our business that we anticipate. Early in 2023, we implemented a reduction in force by laying off 14 employees in our U.S. operations. We may be forced to take additional cost-reducing initiatives, including those involving personnel, which may negatively impact quarterly results of operations as it accounts for severance and other related costs. In addition, there is the risk that such measures could have long-term adverse effects on our business by reducing our pool of talent, decreasing or slowing improvements in our products or services, making it more difficult for us to respond to customers, limiting our ability to increase production quickly if and when the demand for its solutions increases and limiting our ability to hire and retain key personnel. These circumstances could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Although we depend on sales of our legacy products for a meaningful portion of our revenue, as these products mature, we risk component parts becoming obsolete. 
 
 A significant portion of our sales have historically been attributable to our legacy products. We expect that these products may continue to account for a meaningful percentage of our revenue for the foreseeable future. As products mature, however, component parts may become obsolete and to the extent we require component parts we may incur significant expenses to find acceptable substitutes for obsolete parts or to retool and/or re-design such component part. If we fail to do so, we will be unable to sell such mature products. 
 
 A significant portion of our contracts are fixed-price contracts that could subject us to losses in the event of cost overruns or a significant increase in inflation. 
 
 We negotiate most of our contracts on a fixed-price basis which allows us to benefit from cost savings but also subject us to the risk of potential cost overruns, particularly for firm fixed-price contracts, because we assume the entire cost burden. If our initial estimates are incorrect, we can lose money on these contracts. Government contracts can expose us to potentially large losses because the government can hold us responsible for completing a project or, in certain circumstances, paying the entire cost of our replacement by another provider regardless of the size or foresee ability of any cost overruns that occur over the life of the contract. Because many of these contracts involve new technologies and applications, unforeseen events such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in the price of raw materials, problems with our suppliers and cost 
 31 

overruns, can result in the contractual price becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us. The United States, the United Kingdom and Israel are experiencing a significant increase in inflation, which could have a significant adverse impact on the profitability of these contracts. Furthermore, if we fail to meet contract deadlines or specifications, we may need to renegotiate contracts on less favorable terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated damages or suffer major losses if the customer exercises its right to terminate. In addition, some of our contracts have provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights, and if we fail to meet the terms specified in those contracts we may not realize their full benefits. Cost overruns could have an adverse impact on our operating results. 
 
 Many of our operating companies purchase a significant amount of its components and products outside of the countries in which they operate . 
 
 With the exception of Microphase which sources all of its components, and Enertec which sources most of its parts, in the United States, we purchase a majority of our components from foreign manufacturers. In addition, we have a substantial majority of our commercial products assembled, packaged, and tested by subcontractors located outside the United States. These activities are subject to the uncertainties associated with international business operations, including trade barriers and other restrictions, changes in trade policies, governmental regulations, currency exchange fluctuations, reduced protection for intellectual property, war and other military activities, terrorism, changes in social, political, pandemic, or economic conditions, and other disruptions or delays in production or shipments, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 
 If we are unable to satisfy our customers specific product quality, certification or network requirements, our business could be disrupted, and our financial condition could be harmed. 
 
 Our customers demand that our products meet stringent quality, performance and reliability standards. We have, from time to time, experienced problems in satisfying such standards. Defects or failures have occurred in the past, and may occur in the future, relating to our product quality, performance and reliability. From time-to-time, our customers also require us to implement specific changes to our products to allow these products to operate within their specific network configurations. If we are unable to remedy these failures or defects or if we cannot complete such required product modifications, we could experience lost revenue, increased costs, including inventory write-offs, warranty expense and costs associated with customer support, delays in, or cancellations or rescheduling of, orders or shipments and product returns or discounts, any of which would harm our business. 
 
 Risks Related to our Foreign Operations 
 
 We depend on international sales for a material portion of our revenue. 
 
 Sales to customers outside of North America accounted for more than two thirds of our net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect that international sales will continue to represent a material portion of our total revenue. International sales are subject to the risks of international business operations as described above, as well as generally longer payment cycles, greater difficulty collecting accounts receivable, and currency restrictions. These risks include the following: 
 
 unexpected changes in practices, tariffs, export quotas, custom duties, trade disputes, tax laws and treaties, particularly due to economic tensions and trade negotiations or other trade restrictions; 

different labor laws and regulations; 

exposure to many stringent and potentially inconsistent laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security; 

changes in a specific country s or region s political or economic conditions; 

risks resulting from fluctuations of currency exchange rates; 

risks relating to the trade protection regulations and measures in the United States or in other jurisdictions; 

limitations on Gresham s ability to reinvest earnings from operations derived from one country to fund the capital needs of its operations in other countries; 

limited or potentially unfavorable intellectual property protection; and 

exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ), and similar applicable laws and regulations in other jurisdictions. 

International sales are also subject to the export laws and regulations of the United States and other countries. Further, our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Israel are subject to local regulation which may increase our costs. 
 32 

Any one or more of these factors could increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected by potential political, economic and military instability in Israel. 
 
 A material portion of our business is conducted through Enertec, its Israeli subsidiary. Political, economic and military conditions in Israel directly affect Enertec s operations. A state of hostility, varying in degree and intensity in Israel, has led to political turmoil as well as security and economic problems for Israel. Such ongoing hostilities may hinder Israel s international trade relations and may limit the geographic markets where Enertec can sell its products and solutions. Hostilities involving or threatening Israel, or the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its present trading partners, could materially and adversely affect our operations. There also has been more friction between the Biden Administration and the Israeli government, particularly with the recent change in that government and the proposed judicial reforms which have caused massive protests in Israel. If this were to result in reduced U.S. aid for Israel, it is possible that Enertec s business could be adversely affected. Further, the protests may result in operating inefficiencies. 
 
 In addition, Israel-based companies and companies doing business with Israel have been the subject of an economic boycott by members of the Arab League and certain other predominantly Muslim countries, including Iran, since Israel s establishment. Although Israel has entered into various agreements with certain Arab countries and the Palestinian Authority, and various declarations have been signed in connection with efforts to resolve some of the economic and political problems in the Middle East, we cannot predict whether or in what manner these problems will be resolved. Wars and acts of terrorism have resulted in significant damage to the Israeli economy, including reducing the level of foreign and local investment. Damages to Enertec s operations or injuries to employees from rockets launched from Gaza, Lebanon or Iran, or outright war against Israel may have a material and adverse effect upon our company. 
 
 Our commercial insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of events associated with war and terrorism. Although the Israeli government currently covers the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot assure you that this government coverage will be maintained or that it will sufficiently cover its potential damages. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Many of Enertec s employees are obligated to perform military reserve duty in Israel, which could have a disruptive impact on our business . 
 
 Certain number of Enertec s officers and employees may be obligated to perform annual reserve duty in the Israel Defense Forces and are subject to being called up for active military duty at any time. All Israeli male citizens who have served in the army are subject to an obligation to perform reserve duty until they are between 40 and 49 years old, depending upon the nature of their military service. These military service obligations could have a disruptive impact on our business, if hostilities develop in the future, which may adversely affect our business. 
 
 If we are unable to replace Relec s senior management, it may encounter losses of business and operating losses. 
 
 We acquired Relec on November 30, 2020, from its three owners who remained as employees following the closing. We expect that the two of three principals may resign or take a step back from the business after the three-year earn-out period expires in December 2023 or perhaps earlier. Relec relies upon its former owners personal relationships and skills to grow and maintain relationships with customers and suppliers. Once they resign, although management believes that it has a sound succession plan in place, Relec may encounter losses of business and operating losses. 
 
 A material portion of our revenue and expenses is denominated in foreign currencies, so fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 We face foreign exchange risks because a significant portion of our revenue and expenses is denominated in foreign currencies. Further, some suppliers to Enertec and Relec require payment in U.S. dollars, which also exposes us to risk. Generally, U.S. dollar strength adversely impacts the translation of the portion of our revenue that is generated in foreign currencies into the U.S. dollar. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a substantial portion of our revenue was denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Our results of operations could also be negatively impacted by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar as a large portion of our costs are U.S. dollar denominated. We also have foreign exchange risk exposure with respect to certain of its assets that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of its subsidiaries, and its financial results are affected by the re-measurement and translation of these non-U.S. currencies into U.S. dollars, which is reflected in the effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash on the consolidated statements of cash flows. Strengthening of the U.S. dollar could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had gains from foreign currency exchange adjustment of 45,000 and 0 respectively. 
 
 Legal Risks 
 
 33 

Our limited ability to protect our proprietary information and technology may adversely affect our ability to compete, and our products could infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others, resulting in claims against us, the results of which could be costly. 
 
 Many of our products consist entirely or partly of proprietary technology owned by us. Although we seek to protect our technology through a combination of copyrights, trade secret laws and contractual obligations, these protections may not be sufficient to prevent the wrongful appropriation of our intellectual property, nor will they prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our proprietary technology. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. In order to defend our proprietary rights in the technology utilized in our products from third party infringement, we may be required to institute legal proceedings, which would be costly and would divert our resources from the development of our business. If we are unable to successfully assert and defend our proprietary rights in the technology utilized in our products, our future results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Although we attempt to avoid infringing known proprietary rights of third parties in our product development efforts, we may become subject to legal proceedings and claims for alleged infringement from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Any claims relating to the infringement of third-party proprietary rights, even if not meritorious, could result in costly litigation, divert management s attention and resources, require us to reengineer or cease sales of our products or require us to enter into royalty or license agreements which are not advantageous to us. In addition, parties making claims may be able to obtain an injunction, which could prevent us from selling our products in the United States or abroad. 
 
 We may in the future be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 
 Competitors may infringe on our patents, trade secrets or the patents of our licensors. To counter such infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, or we may be required to defend the validity or enforceability of such patents, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that either one or more of our patents or our licensors patents is not valid or is unenforceable or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue because our patents do not cover that technology. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. 
 
 Interference proceedings filed by third parties or brought by us may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions regarding our patents or patent applications or those of our partners or licensors. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Our defense of litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may cause us to incur substantial costs and distract the attention of our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. 
 
 Because of the substantial amount of discovery required in intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 
 Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 
 Our businesses are subject to government procurement laws and regulations. 
 
 We must comply with certain laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of government contracts. These laws and regulations affect how we conduct business with the government, including the business that we do as a subcontractor to large prime contractors that contract directly with the government. In complying with these laws and regulations, we incur additional costs. These costs may increase in the future, thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Failure to comply with these regulations and requirements could lead to fines, penalties, repayments, or compensatory or treble damages, or suspension or debarment from government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for debarment are violations of various laws, including those related to procurement integrity, export control, government security regulations , employment practices, protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs and foreign corruption. The termination of a government contract or relationship as a result of any of these acts would have an adverse impact on our operations and could have an adverse effect on our standing and eligibility for future government contracts. 
 Some U.S. federal statutes and regulations provide for penalties, including automatic debarment based on actions such as violations of the U.S. False Claims Act or the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. The suspension or debarment in any particular case may be limited to a facility, contract or subsidiary involved in the violation or could be applied to our entire Company in severe circumstances. Even a narrow scope suspension or debarment could result in negative publicity that could adversely affect our ability to renew contracts and to secure new contracts, 
 34 

both with governments and private customers, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering laws, and similar laws, or allegations of such failure, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We are subject to various anti- bribery , anti-corruption, anti-money laundering laws, including the FCPA, the U.S. Travel Act, and the USA PATRIOT Act. In addition, we are subject to the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, Chapter 9 (sub-chapter 5) of the Israeli Penal Law, 1977, the Israeli Prohibition on Money Laundering Law 2000, and possibly other similar laws in countries outside of the United States in which we conduct our business or seek to sell our products. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners, and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. 
 
 We, our employees, agents, representatives, business partners and third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and may be held liable for the corruptor other illegal activities of these employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. 
 
 These laws also require that we keep accurate records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that none of our employees, agents, representativ e s, business partners or third-party intermediaries will take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. In addition, we may be held liable for violations committed of the FCPA or similar foreign laws by companies that we acquire. 
 
 Any alleged or actual violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption laws, and anti- money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, investigations, enforcement actions, fines and other criminal or civil sanctions, adverse media coverage, loss of export privileges, or suspension or termination of government contracts. Responding to any investigation or enforcement action would require significant attention of our management and resources, including significant defense costs and other professional fees. Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering laws, and similar laws, or allegations of such failure, could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 
 
 We are subject to certain governmental regulatory restrictions and regulations relating to international sales . 
 
 Some of our products are subject to International Traffic in Arms Regulation ITAR ), which are interpreted, enforced and administered by the U.S. Department of State. ITAR regulation controls not only the export, import and trade of certain products specifically designed, modified, configured or adapted for military systems, but also the export of related technical data and defense services as well as foreign production. Any delays in obtaining the required export, import or trade licenses for products subject to ITAR regulation and rules could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or operating results. In addition, changes in United States export and import laws that require us to obtain additional export and import licenses or delays in obtaining export or import licenses currently being sought could cause significant shipment delays and, if such delays are too great, could result in the cancellation of orders. Any future restrictions or charges imposed by the United States or any other country on our international sales or foreign subsidiary could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or operating results. In addition, from time to time, Gresham has entered into contracts with the Israeli Ministry of Defense which were governed by the U.S. Foreign Military Financing program FMF ). Any such future sales would be subject to these regulations. Failure to comply with FMF rules could subject us to investigations that could lead to civil, administrative and possible criminal prosecution, which have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, operating results and/or prospects for obtaining future government business. Failure to comply with ITAR or FMF rules could also have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, and/or operating results. 
 
 We are also required to obtain export licenses before filling foreign orders for many of our products that have military or other governmental applications. United States Export Administration regulations control technology exports like our products for reasons of national security and compliance with foreign policy, to guarantee domestic reserves of products in short supply and, under certain circumstances, for the security of a destination country. Thus, any foreign sales of our products requiring export licenses must comply with these general policies. Compliance with these regulations is costly, and these regulations are subject to change, and any such change may require us to improve our technologies, incur expenses or both in order to comply with such regulations. 
 
 If we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to accounting controls and procedures, or if we discover material weaknesses and deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 
 
 35 

If we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures, or, if we discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 We have noted the following deficiencies that we believe to be material weaknesses: 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we did not have sufficient resources in our accounting function, which restricted our ability to gather, analyze and properly review information related to financial reporting in a timely manner. 

Due to our size and nature, the Company is not able to maintain appropriate segregation of conflicting duties as it is not always possible and is not economically feasible. 

Our primary user access controls to ensure appropriate authorization and segregation of duties that would adequately restrict user and privileged access to the financially relevant systems and data to appropriate personnel were not designed and/or implemented effectively. We did not design and /or implement sufficient controls for program change management to certain financially relevant systems affecting our processes. 

Due to the lack of appropriate personnel necessary for financial reporting, the Company has failed to properly account for complex financial instruments. 

We are focused on remediating these material weaknesses, but our management has been distracted with our liquidity concerns. When we can obtain the cash resources, we expect to increase our accounting staff. With our recent reductions of employees, we did not lay off any accounting personnel. However, our vice president of finance recently resigned and we must replace him. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly. 
 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 We may not achieve the benefits expected from the Distribution and may be more susceptible to adverse events. 
 
 We expect that, as a company independent from Ault, we will be able to grow organically and through acquisitions. Nonetheless, we may not be able to achieve any of these benefits. Further, by separating from Ault, there is a risk that we may be more susceptible to adverse events than we would have otherwise experienced as a subsidiary of Ault. As a subsidiary of Ault, we enjoyed certain benefits, including economies of scope and scale in securing capital, covering accounting, finance and benefits costs, and business relationships. These benefits may not be as readily achievable as a smaller, stand-alone company. 
 
 Because the Distribution will significantly increase the number of free trading shares it is likely many Ault stockholders will sell their common stock which may depress our stock price. 
 
 Immediately after the Distribution, it is possible that there may be a larger number of sellers than purchasers of the Company s common stock, as our new stockholders may not be interested in owning our common stock and may sell their shares of our common stock. If such a situation occurs, the price of our common stock would likely be materially reduced. 
 
 The price of our common stock may have little or no relationship to the historical bid prices of our common stock on the OTCQB. 
 
 There has been a relatively illiquid public market for our common stock on the OTCQB. The average daily trading volume of our shares of common stock during 2022 was 1,414 shares as of December 30, 2022. It is difficult to predict the broader market demand for our common stock and thus the price of our common stock after giving effect to the Distribution. As a result, you should not rely on these historical sales prices as they may differ materially from subsequent prices and the trading volume of our common stock following the Distribution. 
 
 The rights of the holders of common stock may be impaired by the potential issuance of preferred stock. 
 
 Our charter documents give our board of directors (the Board ),the right to create new series of preferred stock. As a result, our Board may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power and equity interest of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock, which could be issued with the right to more than one vote per share, could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control. The possible impact on takeover attempts could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of preferred stock, we may issue such shares in the future. 
 36 

Our stock price may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors and litigation. 
 
 In addition to changes to market prices based on our results of operations and the factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, the market price of and trading volume for our common stock may change for a variety of other reasons, not necessarily related to our actual operating performance. The capital markets have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the average daily trading volume of the securities of small companies can be very low, which may contribute to future volatility. Factors that could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly include: 
 
 the results of operating and financial performance and prospects of other companies in our industry; 

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

announcements of innovations, increased service capabilities, new or terminated customers or new, amended or terminated contracts by our competitors; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

lack of securities analyst coverage or speculation in the press or investment community about us or market opportunities in the defense electronics industry; 

changes in government policies in the United States and, as our international business increases, in other foreign countries; 

changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities or research analysts who track our common stock or failure of our actual results of operations to meet those expectations; 

market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

any lawsuit involving us, our solutions or our product offerings; 

arrival and departure of key personnel; 

sales of common stock by us, our investors or members of our management team; and 

changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural or man-made disasters or the banking crisis. 

Any of these factors, as well as broader market and industry factors, may result in large and sudden changes in the trading volume of our common stock and could seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. This may prevent you from being able to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for your shares, if at all. In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s shares, stockholders often institute securities class action litigation against that company. Our involvement in any class action suit or other legal proceeding could divert our senior management s attention and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, the market price of our common stock will likely decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts, over whom we have no control, publish about our business and us. We may never obtain research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of our company, the market price for our common stock could decline. In the event we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage, the market price of our common stock could decline if one or more equity analysts downgrade our common stock or if those analysts issue unfavorable commentary, even if it is inaccurate, or cease publishing reports about us or our business. 
 
 If our shares of common stock are subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares . 
 
 The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. Unless we are listed on the NYSE American, or the Nasdaq Stock Market or if the price of our common stock is less than 5.00 (as it is now), our common stock will be a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction 
 37 

in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 
 
 We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future . 
 
 We have not paid any dividends on our common stock to date, and we do not anticipate paying any such dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that any earnings experienced by us will be retained to finance the implementation of our operational business plan and expected future growth. 
 
 Additionally, any additional financings may be dilutive to our stockholders, and such dilution may be significant based upon the size of such financing . 
 ITEM 1B. U NRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal executive offices are located in an executive suite in Scottsdale, Arizona. We maintain a large facility with marketing, sales, and engineering offices and manufacturing departments in a 23,873 square foot facility in Dublin, California, which we have occupied since April 2017. We also lease additional facilities and offices in Nashua, New Hampshire and Shelton, Connecticut. 
 In addition, we lease facilities internationally. In September 2010, Gresham Power entered into a 15-year lease for its 25,000 square-foot facility in Salisbury, U.K. , where it designs, develops, manufactures, markets and distributes commercial and military power products for the European market. Sales and service support staff for its European network of distributors are located within the building together with other functions, such as engineering and administration. Gresham Power s lease expires in September 2024. Further, in June 2021, Enertec entered into a five-year lease with an option to extend the lease for an additional five-year term for its 32,900 square-foot facility in Karmiel, Israel, where it manufactures specialized electronic systems for the Israel military market. In July 2020, Relec entered into a 10-year lease for its 7,490 square-foot facility in Dorset, U.K. , where it markets and distributes power electronics and display solutions for mission critical rail, industrial, medical, telecoms and military applications. 
 
 We believe our existing and planned facilities and offices are adequate to meet our current needs and are being utilized consistently with our past practice. We consistently look for opportunities to minimize costs related to office space through improved efficiencies and intend to make changes to leased facilities in the future as appropriate to reflect changes in worldwide operations and headcount. 
 
 We currently anticipate that the current leased space will be sufficient to support our current and foreseeable future needs. The Dublin lease expires in August 2023 and we are evaluating all our options which may include negotiating a short-term lease with the landlord or relocating to s smaller place. Under the lease we must notify our landlord by July 2023 of our intentions. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are subject to various claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. We accrue for losses related to litigation when a potential loss is probable and the loss can be reasonably estimated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB requirements. As of December 31, 2022, we were not party to any material legal proceedings for which a loss was probable or an amount was accrued. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 38 

Our common stock is traded on the OTCQB using the symbol GIGA . The number of record holders of our common stock as of April 12, 2023 was over 2,000. A significantly larger number of stockholders may be street name or beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock in the past and have no current plans to do so in the future, believing our available capital is best used to fund our operations, including product development and enhancements. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 Not applicable 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following chart reflects the number of securities granted and the weighted average exercise price for our compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

No. of securities to be 

Weighted Average 

No. of restricted stock 

issued upon exercise of 

exercise price of 

units and awards 

outstanding options 

outstanding options 

Plan Category 
 
 outstanding 

(a) 

(b) 

2023 Equity Incentive Plan 

249,875 

499,751 

2.97 

2018 Equity Incentive Plan 

10,000 

238,443 

4.29 

2005 Equity Incentive Plan 

58,764 

5.90 

Total 

259,875 

796,958 

3.58 

Issuer Repurchases 
 We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 Not applicable. 
 39 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Overview 
 On September 8, 2022, the Company acquired 100 of the capital stock of Gresham from Ault in exchange for 2,920,085 shares of the Company s common stock and 514.8 shares of Series F that are convertible into an aggregate of 3,960,043 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company also assumed Gresham s outstanding equity awards representing the right to receive up to 749,626 shares of the Company s common stock, on an as-converted basis. 
 
 The Business Combination is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization with Gresham being the accounting acquirer and the Company being the acquired company for accounting purposes. Accordingly, all historical financial information presented in the consolidated financial statements represent the accounts of Gresham and its subsidiaries. The shares and net loss per common share prior to the business combination have been retroactively restated reflecting the exchange ratio established in the Business Combination. 
 
 The Company manufactures specialized electronic equipment for use in military test and airborne operational applications. Our operations consist of three business segments, the Precision Electronic Solutions group, the Power Electronics Displays group, and the RF Solutions group. The RF Solutions group consists of Microphase located in Connecticut. The group designs and manufactures custom microwave products for military applications in the air, on land and at sea and generates revenue mostly through sole-source production contracts for custom engineered components and RADAR filters. Microphase produces fixed filters for the F-35 aircraft, shipboard applications and jammer systems to counter improvised explosive devices on land and produces log-video amplifiers for European military aircraft as well as for the U.S. Air Force B1B bomber. The engineering of each RF device variant is typically funded by governments through the respective US or European prime contractors. 
 
 The Power Electronics Displays group consists of two subsidiaries, namely Gresham Power and Relec located in the United Kingdom which primarily produce power conversion systems. The Precision Electronic Solutions group consists of Enertec located in Israel and the Giga-tronics Division located in California and New Hampshire primarily producing systems and providing services for the defense industries. 
 
 Gresham Power is located in Salisbury, England. Gresham Power designs, manufactures and sells power electronics and system solutions mainly for customers in the United Kingdom and the European Union. Its offerings include power conversion, power distribution equipment, frequency rectifiers, Direct Current DC )/Alternating Current AC inverters and Uninterruptible Power Supply products. Gresham Power s defense business specializes in the field of naval power distribution products. Gresham Power systems can be found on the vessels of the navies of 15different countries. The Company recently expanded its power electronics offerings to support land-based military vehicles, e.g., trucks, armored troop carriers and tanks. 
 
 Relec was established in 1978 with the aim of providing specialized power electronics offerings to support professionals in the electronics industry. Relec markets and distributes power conversion electronics and ruggedized display solutions for mission critical rail, industrial, medical, telecom and military applications. An essential part of Relec s solutions offerings centers on providing the right power electronics to meeting a customer specific requirement, specializing in AC-DC Power Supplies, DC-DC converters, ruggedized displays and Electromagnetic Compatibility EMC filters. The majority of Relec s revenues come from customers within the United Kingdom. 
 
 Based in Israel, Enertec designs, develops, manufactures and maintains advanced end-to-end high technology precision electronic products for military and medical markets. Enertec s primary customers include military prime contractors in Israel. In addition, Enertec has a strategic partnership to build and deliver solutions for the Indian military. Enertec also designs, develops, manufactures and maintains high precision calibration equipment for lifesaving cardiac catheters for a global health care company. This customer accounted for 30 of Enertec s 2022 revenue. Enertec delivers complete end-to-end project management with requirements definition, systems engineering, design/development, production, testing, integration, field support, maintenance, and optimization. Enertec is Israel s largest developer of test equipment and simulators. It develops and manufactures test systems and simulators for all types of weapons systems at all levels of maintenance, development, and integration. Enertec is currently working on developing a new generation of electronic cards and assemblies to build a new generation of test systems. 
 
 The Giga-tronics Division participates in the electronic warfare test segment with modular microwave up and down converters, its real-time Threat Emulation System TEmS and its integrated playback and record solutions. Its solutions are architected like a RADAR system but built like a test system. Gresham Worldwide believes this approach differentiates our TEmS system from the competing solutions and provides a better correlation between laboratory tests and actual field results. The platform was specifically designed to address the need for multiple test channels and delivers a product that is smaller, more flexible, much easier to use and much lower in cost than those previously available. 
 
 Microsource develops and manufactures sophisticated RADAR filters used in fighter aircraft. Microsource s primary business is the production of Ytrium-Iron-Garnet YIG based microwave components designed for a specific customer s intended operational application. Microsource produces a line of tunable, synthesized band reject filters for solving interference problems in RADAR/EW applications as well as low noise oscillators used on shipboard and land-based self-protection systems. Microsource designs components based upon the Company s proprietary YIG technology, for each customer s unique requirement, generally at the customer s expense. Microsource routinely maintains a top-quality rating as measured quarterly by its customers and over the years has received multiple Gold Supplier awards. 
 40 

COVID-19 Impact 
 
 The Company s businesses were materially affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The disruptions caused by the pandemic included temporary closures of its facilities, including a shutdown of its Microphase facility in Connecticut for three weeks in December 2020 and suspension of production operations for its Gresham Power located in Salisbury, United Kingdom from March 19, 2020 until June 2020 and from November 2020 until the Spring of 2021. This resulted in a significant decrease of revenue in December 2020 and a decrease in January to February 2021. In addition, Gresham Power experienced substantial revenue decreases while shut down. In January 2022, Israel experienced a fifth wave of COVID-19 with the Omicron variant. Many of Enertec s workers became ill and/or worked from home. Despite this disruption, it did not materially impact Enertec s operations. In February 2023, many workers of the Microsource subsidiary became infected with COVID-19, and had to shut down for a week. A deep cleaning of the office was performed. 
 
 Gresham Worldwide also incurred expenses related to implementing the workplace safety protocols and adjusting remote working arrangements. Most of our non-production employees currently work remotely. However, not all employees are as efficient working remotely and its business may be adversely affected as the result. Additionally, certain employees at Gresham s production facilities must continue to work on site to continue manufacture for essential government programs. 
 
 Further, Gresham Worldwide experienced an increase in the average length of sales cycles to onboard new customers and delays in new projects, which could materially adversely impact its business, results of operations, and financial condition in future periods. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the American, Israeli and United Kingdom economies sustained material slowdowns during part of the pandemic. While people continue to be infected with COVID-19, the serious illnesses and deaths have diminished. As new variants rise, this trend may not continue. Because of the uncertainty surrounding COVID-19, we cannot be certain whether COVID-19 will adversely affect us in the future. 
 
 Recent Trends and Uncertainties 
 
 We are in the process of aggressively managing our cash flow and reducing our expenses. As part of this endeavor, in January-February 2023 we implemented a reduction in our work force RIF by approximately 1.7 million over the next 12 months. We believe that the RIF will not affect our production capabilities, nor will it affect our accounting capabilities. 
 
 In the past, Ault has allocated certain overhead charges to us. As of December 31, 2022, Ault allocated 1,090,000 of its overhead to us comprised of 230,000 for officer salaries, 90,000 director and officers insurance, 630,000 in audit fees and 140,000 in administrative costs. After the Distribution, we expect to achieve a non-cash savings of approximately 1.1 million, as Ault will no longer allocate such expenses. However, this non-cash savings will be offset by cash that we will now need to spend in 2023 for our auditors. We estimate such cash expenditures to be 550,000 in 2023. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. In reading and understanding this discussion of results of operations, liquidity and capital resources, you should be aware of key policies, judgments and assumptions that are important to the portrayal of financial conditions and results. 
 The preparation of financial statements, in conformity with GAAP, requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions. The Company s management believes that the estimates, judgments and assumptions used are reasonable based upon information available at the time they are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Key estimates include valuations of the assets and liabilities acquired in the business combination, valuation of convertible notes, reserves for inventories, accruals of certain liabilities, useful lives and the recoverability of long-lived assets and impairment analysis of goodwill. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). The core principle of ASC 606 is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The following five steps are applied to achieve that core principle: 
 Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer, 
 Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract, 
 41 

Step 3: Determine the transaction price, 
 Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and 
 Step 5: Recognize revenue when the company satisfies a performance obligation. 
 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 
 A substantial portion of the Company s revenues are generated in U.S. dollars. In addition, a substantial portion of the Company s costs are incurred in U.S. dollars. Our management has determined that the U.S. dollar is the functional currency of the primary economic environment in which it operates. 
 
 Accordingly, monetary accounts maintained in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are re-measured into U.S. dollars in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Codification ASC No. 830, Foreign Currency Matters ASC No. 830 ). All transaction gains and losses from the re-measurement of monetary balance sheet items are reflected in the statements of operations as financial income or expenses as appropriate. 
 
 The financial statements of Relec, Gresham Power and Enertec, whose functional currencies have been determined to be their local currencies, the British Pound GBP ), and the New Israeli Shekel NIS ), respectively, have been translated into U.S. dollars in accordance with ASC No. 830. All balance sheet accounts have been translated using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Statement of operations amounts have been translated using the average exchange rate in effect for the reporting period. The resulting translation adjustments are reported as other comprehensive income (loss) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, and accumulated comprehensive income (loss) in statement of changes in stockholders equity (deficit). 

Business Combination 
 We allocate the purchase price of an acquired business to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Any excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Acquired customer relations, technology, tradenames and know-how are recognized at fair value. The purchase price allocation process requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to intangible assets. Direct transaction costs associated with the business combination are expensed as incurred. The allocation of the consideration transferred in certain cases may be subject to revision based on the final determination of fair values during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date. During the fourth quarter of 2022, GIGA experienced a lack of backlog, significant decline in sales and a drop in the trading price of its common stock. Due to these factors, we determined that a triggering event had occurred and as a result, we recognized an impairment loss of 10.5 million related with the acquisition of the Giga-tronics business. 
 Results of Operations 
 New orders by reporting segment are as follows for the respective periods (In thousands): 

Year Ended 

Segment 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Change 

Precision Electronic Solutions 

15,903 

11,704 

4,199 

36 

Power Electronics Displays 

12,507 

10,286 

2,221 

22 

RF Solutions 

6,673 

11,066 

(4,393) 

(40) 

Total 

35,083 

33,056 

2,027 

6 

New orders received for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 35.1 million as compared to 33.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Precision Electronic Solutions group increased its orders by 36 primarily due to orders for its catheter calibration product produced by Enertec. The Power Electronics Displays group increased orders by 22 in dollars but was negatively impacted by the strengthening of the dollar. The RF Solutions group experienced a 40 decrease in new orders primarily due to orders totaling 6.3 million received from one prime contractor in fiscal 2021, which did not repeat in fiscal 2022. 
 
 42 

The following table shows order backlog and related information at the end of the respective periods (In thousands): 

As of 

Segment 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Change 

Precision Electronic Solutions 

11,682 

9,286 

2,396 

26 

Power Electronics Displays 

8,890 

6,558 

2,332 

36 

RF Solutions 

10,125 

9,581 

544 

6 

Total 

30,697 

25,425 

5,272 

21 

Backlog as of December 31, 2022 increased 21 compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to the 36 increase in bookings by the Precision Electronic Solutions group, and the 22 increase in bookings by the Power Electronics Display group. The RF solutions group increased its backlog by 6 to 10.4 million. 
 
 The allocation of net revenue was as follows for the periods shown (In thousands): 

Year Ended 

Segment 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Change 

Precision Electronic Solutions 

13,950 

10,932 

3,018 

28 

Power Electronics Displays 

10,175 

7,854 

2,321 

30 

RF Solutions 

6,130 

6,794 

(664) 

(10) 

Total 

30,255 

25,580 

4,675 

18 

The Precision Electronic Solutions group generated net revenue of 14.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, a 28 increase over the same period in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 3.0 million in shipments of Enertec s medical catheter calibration product as well as the addition of 1.4 million of legacy Giga-tronics revenue for the period of September 8, 2022 through December 31, 2022 offset by a reduction in defense spending by one large military customer. 
 
 The Power Electronics Displays group increased revenue by 30 for the year ended December 31, 2022 in comparison to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a 135 increase in revenue by Gresham Power as well as a 17 increase in shipments by Relec as a result of increased sales efforts. 
 
 The RF Solutions group recognized a 10 decline in revenue by Microphase largely due to supply chain issues for its video products. 
 
 Cost of revenue and gross profit were as follows for the periods shown (In thousands): 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Segment 
 
 December 31, 2022 

of Segment Revenue 

December 31, 2021 

of Segment Revenue 

Precision Electronic Solutions 

10,632 

76 

7,419 

68 

Power Electronics Displays 

6,651 

65 

5,361 

68 

RF Solutions 

4,497 

73 

4,451 

66 

Total cost of revenue 

21,780 

72 

17,231 

67 

Gross profit 

8,475 

28 

8,349 

33 

Gross profit was 8.5 million or 28 for the year ended December 31, 2022, in comparison to 8.3 million or 33 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary reason for the 5 decline in gross margins from the prior year was due to higher costs at Enertec in Israel due to the strengthening of the US dollar, as well as supply chain issues at Microphase causing large production variances, and inventory write-offs at Microsource and the Giga-tronics Division due to a decline in orders. 
 
 Operating expenses were as follows for the periods shown (In thousands): 
 
 43 

Year Ended 

Category 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Change 

Research and development 

2,137 

1,537 

600 

39 

Selling and marketing and general and administrative 

12,255 

9,803 

2,452 

25 

Impairment of goodwill 

10,459 

10,459 

Total 

24,851 

11,340 

13,511 

119 

Total operating expenses increased 119 or 13.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Research and development expenses increased by 39 primarily due to the 403,000 of expenses for the legacy Giga-tronics business for the period of September 8, 2022 to December 31, 2022. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 25 primarily due to legacy Giga-tronics business expenses for the period of September 8, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 
 The Company determined that the goodwill of 10.5 million associated with the acquisition of Giga-tronics business was impaired due to the lack of backlog, the decline in revenue and forecasts, and recorded this non-cash impairment within operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Other income (expenses), net were as follows for the periods shown (In thousands): 

Year Ended 

Category 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Change 

Interest expense, related party 

(482) 

(408) 

(74) 

18 

Interest expense 

(739) 

(240) 

(499) 

208 

Change in fair value of marketable equity securities 

(866) 

866 

(100) 

Change in fair value of senior secured convertible note 

(1,092) 

(1,092) 

Foreign currency exchange adjustment 

45 

45 

Realized gain on marketable equity securities 

1,263 

(1,263) 

(100) 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

447 

(447) 

(100) 

Other income (expense) 

103 

125 

(22) 

(18) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense to related party was primarily due to interest on existing notes at Microphase which were similar in the amounts for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expenses of notes payable increased by 208 primarily due to exchange rate differences on loans from GWW to Enertec. 
 On September 8, 2022 Ault loaned the Company 4,250,000 and we issued a senior secured convertible note. The fair value of this note was 4,392,000 on September 8 and had a de minimis change in fair value at September 30, 2022. The change in the fair value of this note for the period from September 30, 2022 to December 31, 2022 was 1,092,000. 
 During 2021, Gresham was able to extinguish its paycheck protection program loan debt of 447,000 and in addition realized gains on marketable securities of 1.3 million partially offset by the change in the fair value of these marketable securities of 866,000. Gresham liquidated these marketable securities in 2021 and had no further gains or losses in 2022. 
 
 44 

Net Loss 
 Net loss was as follows for the periods shown (In thousands): 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

30,255 

25,580 

Cost of revenue 

21,780 

17,231 

Gross profit 

8,475 

8,349 

Operating expenses 

24,851 

11,340 

Other income (expense), net 

(2,165) 

321 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

123 

(193) 

Net loss 

(18,418) 

(2,863) 

Net loss (gain) attributable to non-controlling interest 

680 

(243) 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

(17,738) 

(3,106) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 17.7 million, compared to a net loss of 3.1 million recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 14.6 million increase in net losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to higher operating expenses including the non-cash 10.5 million impairment of goodwill related to the acquisition of GIGA and the non-cash revaluation of the convertible note of 1,092,000. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 A Non-GAAP financial measure is generally defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as a numerical measure of a company s historical or future performance, financial position or cash flows that includes or excludes amounts from the most directly comparable measure under GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative to, our reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Users of this financial information should consider the types of events and transactions that are excluded from these measures. 
 We measure our operating performance in part based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ). We also measure our operating performance based on Adjusted EBITDA, which we define as EBITDA adjusted for share based compensation and certain one-time income or expense items. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures that are commonly used, but neither is a recognized accounting term under GAAP. We use EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to monitor and facilitate internal evaluation of the performance of our business operations, to facilitate external comparison of our business results to those of others in our industry, and to plan and evaluate our operating budgets. We believe that our measures of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide useful information to the investing public regarding our operating performance and our ability to service debt and fund capital expenditures and may help investors understand and compare our results to other companies that have different financing, capital and tax structures. Neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA should be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, but as a supplement to, income or loss from operations, net income or loss, cash flows from operating activities, or other income or cash flow data prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 In the following reconciliation, we provide amounts as reflected in our accompanying consolidated financial statements unless otherwise noted. 
 The reconciliation of our Net loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is as follows (In thousands): 
 
 45 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

(18,418) 

(2,863) 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

680 

(243) 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

(17,738) 

(3,106) 

Depreciation and amortization 

663 

500 

Interest and taxes 

995 

716 

EBITDA 

(16,080) 

(1,890) 

Adjustments: 

Stock-based compensation 

605 

629 

Impairment of goodwill 

10,459 

Change in fair value of marketable equity securities 

(866) 

Change in fair value of convertible note 

1,092 

Realized gain on marketable equity securities 

1,263 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

447 

Adjusted EBITDA 

(3,924) 

(417) 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash Flows 
 The following is a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated (In thousands): 

Year Ended 

Category 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(5,034) 

(3,157) 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(4,325) 

518 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

9,679 

3,394 

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash 

276 

(346) 

Net increase in cash 

596 

409 

Cash at beginning of period 

1,599 

1,190 

Cash at end of period 

2,195 

1,599 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in the operating activities was 5.0 million as compared to 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary use of cash for the year ended December 31, 2022, was due to net loss of 18.4 million offset by non-cash charges of 10.5 million for goodwill impairment, 1.4 million for change in fair value of senior secured convertible note and 1.1 million for overhead allocation by parent. The primary use of cash for the year ended December 31, 2021, was due to net loss of 2.9 million. 
 We expect that cash flows from operating activities will fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors including our level of revenue, which fluctuates significantly from one period to another primarily due to the timing of receipt of contracts, operating results, amounts of non-cash charges, and the timing of our inventory purchases, billings, collections and disbursements. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4.3 million which was primarily due to the acquisition of GIGA, net of cash received. 
 Cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 0.5 million which was primarily due to the purchase of equipment for 0.9 million offset by the sale of marketable equity securities for 1.5 million. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 9.7 million which was primarily due to proceeds from notes payable and capital contribution from Ault. 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 was 3.4 million which was primarily due to the capital contributions from Ault offset by payment on various notes. 
 46 

As of 

Category (In thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Cash 

2,195 

1,599 

Total current assets 

19,738 

13,532 

Total current liabilities 

14,031 

7,693 

Working Capital 

5,707 

5,839 

Our primary sources of liquidity has historically been funded by our parent company Ault. 
 Our Recent Financings 
 The Ault Financing 
 
 In December 31, 2022 (the Ault Closing Date ), we entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement with Ault to exchange the Senior Secured Convertible Note due February 14, 2023 in the principal face amount of 4,250,000 dated September 8, 2022 and any accrued interest thereon for a promissory note in the principal amount of 4,382,740 due December 31, 2024 (the Exchange Note ). 
 
 The Exchange Note bears interest at 10 per annum. The Exchange Note is, at the option of Ault, convertible into our common stock at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) 0.78 per share, or (ii) the VWAP Price (as defined in the Exchange Note) on such date less a 20 discount to such VWAP Price, but in no event less than 0.25 per share. In addition, all principal and outstanding interest under the Exchange Note will automatically convert to our common stock upon (i) the consummation of a public offering of securities in which we receive net proceeds (net of underwriters discounts and selling commissions) of at least 25 million (a Qualified Public Offering ), in which case the conversion price shall be the price at which the common stock is sold to the public, provided, however, that no underwriters discounts or selling commissions shall be imposed on such conversion, (ii) the consummation of a private or public offering of shares of common stock that is not a Qualified Public Offering but that results in the net proceeds (net of underwriters discounts and selling commissions) to us of at least 5 million (a Non-Qualified Offering ), in which case the conversion price shall be the price at which common stock is sold in such Non-Qualified Offering less a twenty-five percent (25 discount or (iii) December 31, 2024, in which case the conversion price shall be the VWAP Price less a 25 discount to such VWAP Price. 
 
 Our obligations under the Exchange Agreement and the Exchange Note are secured by a lien on all of our assets and our wholly owned subsidiaries pursuant to the Security Agreement dated December 31, 2022 (the Exchange Security Agreement ), by and among us, two of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Microsource and Gresham, and Ault. 
 
 On the Ault Closing Date, we also entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement by and between us and Ault Lending, an Ault subsidiary, whereby we issued Ault Lending a 10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 6,750,000 (the Secured Note and five-year warrants to purchase 2,000,000 shares of our common stock (the Ault Warrants ). The Ault Warrants are exercisable for five years from December 31, 2022, at an exercise price of 0.01. In connection with the issuance of the Secured Note, as of the Ault Closing Date, Ault Lending surrendered for cancellation a term note dated November 12, 2021, in the principal face amount 1,300,000 previously issued by us, including accrued but unpaid interest thereon in the amount of 123,123. In addition, on the Ault Closing Date advances previously made by Ault Lending to us in the aggregate amount of 4,067,469 were rolled into the Secured Note. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, as additional consideration for the issuance of the Secured Note, Ault Lending agreed to provide us an additional 1,259,407 no later than May 31, 2023. As of the date of this report, it has advanced us 634,430. 
 
 The Secured Note is due December 31, 2024, and bears interest at 10 per annum. The voluntary conversion and automatic conversion price of the Secured Note are similar to the conversion price of the Exchange Note. 
 
 With a limited exception, the Senior Secured Note contains a most favored nations provision with respect to our future financings. 
 
 With limited exceptions, we also agreed to certain negative covenants that will require the prior approval of the holder of the Secured Note to incur indebtedness (other than permitted indebtedness), enter into variable rate transactions, incur indebtedness for borrowed money, purchase money indebtedness or lease obligations that would be required to be capitalized on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or guaranty the obligations of any other person, in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding in excess of 1,000,000 in any individual transaction or 2,500,000 in the aggregate. Our obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Secured Note are secured by a lien on all of our assets of and our wholly owned subsidiaries pursuant to a Security Agreement, dated December 31, 2022 (the Ault Security Agreement by and among us, our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Microsource and Gresham and Ault Lending and Ault. 
 
 Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we and two of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Microsource and Gresham, entered into a Guaranty Agreement, dated December 31, 2022 with Ault Lending. Each such subsidiary guaranteed to Ault Lending the payment of the Secured Note. 
 
 47 

In connection with the issuance of the Exchange Note and the Secured Note, we granted Ault and Ault Lending certain mandatory and piggyback registration rights pursuant to two registration rights agreements. 
 
 On January 3, 2023 we, Ault and Ault Lending entered into a letter agreement whereby the parties agreed that notwithstanding any obligations in any of the foregoing transaction documents we shall not be required to reserve more than 150 of the shares issuable under the Exchange Note and the Secured Note using 0.78 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends or combinations) plus reservation of one share for each outstanding share issuable under the warrants (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends or combinations). 
 
 Ault and Ault Lending are limited to owning no more that 4.99 of our common stock based upon beneficial ownership limitations contained in the Secured Note and the Exchange Note. 
 
 The January 2023 Private Placement 
 
 On January 11, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with two Lenders pursuant to which the Company sold to the Lenders a total of 3.3 million of Notes (the Notes and five-year warrants to purchase 1,666,667 shares of common stock, no par value (the Warrants in exchange for total gross proceeds of 3,000,000. The net proceeds are being used primarily for working capital. 
 
 The Notes are secured by our assets pursuant to a Security Agreement entered into for such purpose, and are senior to the indebtedness payable to Ault and Ault Lending, pursuant to a Subordination Agreement entered into in connection with the SPA. 
 
 The Notes mature on the earlier of (i) nine months from the issuance date, or October 10, 2023, or (ii) completion of the uplist transaction pursuant to which our common stock becomes listed for trading on a national securities exchange operated by The Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange (an Uplist Transaction ). The Notes accrue interest at a rate of 6 per annum payable monthly, which increases to 18 upon an event of default. In addition, under the Notes upon an event of default we are required to pay 20 of our consolidated revenues monthly on each interest payment date in reduction of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
 
 The Notes provide for certain events of default which include failure to maintain effectiveness of the registration statement under the Registration Rights Agreement (as described below), suspension of trading of our common stock for five consecutive trading days, failure to timely deliver shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes or exercise of the Warrants, failure to timely make payments under the Notes, default under other indebtedness, and certain other customary events of default, subject to certain exceptions and limitations. 
 
 Upon an event of default, the holders will have the right to require us to prepay the Notes at a 125 premium. Further, upon a bankruptcy event of default or a change of control event, we will be required to prepay the Notes at a premium. If the conversion price falls below 0.25, we may also elect to prepay the notes at a 125 premium. 
 
 Pursuant to the Notes, upon an event of default one of the investors is entitled to cause Jonathan Read, our Chief Executive Officer and one of our directors, to resign from his positions with the Company. Mr. Read executed and delivered to the investor an undated letter of resignation to that effect, which the investor may cause to be dated and released upon the occurrence of an event of default. 
 
 The Notes are convertible upon the earlier of the Uplist Transaction and an event of default at a conversion price equal to the greater of (a) 90 of the lowest volume weighted average price VWAP for the 10 trading days prior to the conversion date and (b) 0.25 per share, subject to adjustment including downward adjustment upon any dilutive issuance of securities. Each holder s conversion is subject to a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation which may be increased to 9.99 on 61 days notice from the holder. 
 
 The Notes contain customary restrictive covenants including covenants against incurring new indebtedness or liens, changing the nature of its business, transfers of assets, transactions with affiliates, and issuances of securities, subject to certain exceptions and limitations. 
 
 We repaid our existing line of credit with Western Alliance Bank which had an existing balance of approximately 59,000. Under the Notes we can enter into a factoring agreement of 2 million using our accounts receivable as collateral. 
 
 The Warrants entitle the holders to purchase a total of 1,666,666 shares of common stock for a five-year period from issuance, at an exercise price determined as follows: (i) beginning on the issuance date and for a period of 90 days thereafter, 0.78, (ii) if the Uplist Transaction has occurred as of the date of exercise, the lower of (A) 0.78 and (B) 110 of the per share offering price to the public in the Uplist Transaction, and (iii) if neither of (i) and (ii) apply, the lower of (A) 0.78 and (B) 90 of the lowest VWAP for the 10 trading days prior to the date of the exercise, subject to adjustment including downward adjustment upon any dilutive issuance of securities. If the Uplist Transaction is not completed prior to the maturity date of the Notes, the number of shares of common stock that may be purchased upon exercise of the Warrants will be doubled, without an adjustment to the exercise price. 
 
 48 

Each holder s exercise is subject to a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation which may be increased to 9.99 on 61 days notice from the holder. The Warrants may be exercised cashlessly if the registration statement covering the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise is not effective as required under the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 
 The SPA, Warrants and Notes require a reserve of authorized but unissued shares of common stock initially equal to approximately 15,000,000 shares of common stock, subject to reduction as the Notes and Warrants are converted and exercised, respectively. 
 
 Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (the Placement Agent served as placement agent in the offering and received a cash commission in the amount of 8 of the gross proceeds, or 240,000. In addition, we paid the Placement Agent an expense allowance of 30,000. Furthermore, we agreed to issue the Placement Agent five-year warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to 8 of the total number of shares of common stock underlying the Notes and Warrants sold in the offering, or 1,200,000 shares. The Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price of 110 of the Warrant exercise price. 
 
 Under the SPA we reimbursed the Lenders a total of 60,000 out of the proceeds from the offering for fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. 
 
 In connection with the SPA, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which we agreed to register the resale by the Buyers of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes and Warrants. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the initial registration statement on Form S-1 must be filed 30 days after the Notes become convertible, and to cause the registration statement to be declared effective within 90 days thereafter, subject to certain limitations and exceptions. Notwithstanding this, we intend to file a Registration Statement covering all shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes and exercise of the Warrants promptly following the filing of this Report. 
 
 The offer and sale of the Notes and Warrants pursuant to the SPA and the Placement Agent Warrants have not been or will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and are exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Present Liquidity 
 
 We do not have sufficient working capital to meet our needs for the next 12 months. See Risk Factors. Even if we reduce our operations in California and possible elsewhere, we need to complete a material financing which will provide the working capital to support our meeting our backlog and future orders. In addition, we must obtain a financing to repay the 3.3 million senior Notes due this fall. Any financing will likely have onerous terms and be dilutive of our stockholders. As disclosed elsewhere in this Report, if we default on the senior Notes, the consequences may be severe and include the resignation of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 As of April 30, 2023, the Company has approximately 2.3 million in cash. 
 
 We expect Ault will cease funding us in the near future. Without the availability of working capital from Ault, unless we are successful in securing additional financing from third parties, we believe that we will not have sufficient cash to meet our needs over the next 12 months as well as Ault s position as a secured creditor or to repay the Notes. As a result of our lack of working capital, we implemented a reduction in force terminating 14 employees which is expected to result in annual savings of 1.4 million. 
 
 Our ability to obtain additional financing is subject to several factors, including market and economic conditions, our performance and investor and lender sentiment with respect to us and our industry. If we are unable to raise additional financing in the near term as needed, our operations and production plans may be scaled back or curtailed and our operations and growth would be impeded. 
 
 Our near term fixed commitments for cash expenditures are primarily for payments for employee salaries, operating leases and inventory purchase commitments. 
 
 49 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Pursuant to Item 305 of Regulation S-K, the Company, as a smaller reporting company, is not required to provide the information required by this item. 
 50 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements required by this Item 8 are included in this Annual Report following Item 16 hereof. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide supplementary financial information. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We have established disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, with the assistance of other members of the Company s management, have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based upon our evaluation, each of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report on Form 10-K due to the material weaknesses as described herein. 
 A material weakness is a control deficiency (within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) Auditing Standard No. 2) or combination of control deficiencies that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Management has identified the following material weaknesses: 
 The Company does not have sufficient resources in its accounting function, which restricts its ability to gather, analyze and properly review information related to financial reporting in a timely manner. 

Due to its size and nature, the Company is not able to maintain appropriate segregation of conflicting duties as it is not always possible and is not economically feasible. 

Our primary user access controls (i.e., provisioning, de-provisioning, privileged access and user access reviews) to ensure appropriate authorization and segregation of duties that would adequately restrict user and privileged access to the financially relevant systems and data to appropriate personnel were not designed and/or implemented effectively. We did not design and/or implement sufficient controls for program change management to certain financially relevant systems affecting our processes. 

Due to the lack of the appropriate personnel necessary for financial reporting, the Company failed to properly account for complex financial instruments. 

Planned Remediation 
 Management continues to work to improve its controls related to our material weaknesses, specifically relating to user access and change management surrounding our information technology systems and applications. Management will continue to implement measures to remediate material weaknesses, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions include: (i) enhancing design and documentation related to both user access and change management processes and control activities; and (ii) developing and communicating additional policies and procedures to govern the area of information technology change management. 
 We are implementing measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate material weaknesses, including the following: 

Formalizing our internal control documentation and strengthening supervisory reviews by our management; and 

When there are business operations and cash to justify the additional expenses, adding additional accounting personnel and segregating duties amongst accounting personnel. 

We are currently working to improve and simplify our internal processes and implement enhanced controls, as discussed above, to address the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and to remedy the ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. These material weaknesses will not be considered to be remediated until the applicable remediated controls are operating for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded that these controls are operating effectively. 
 Despite the existence of these material weaknesses, we believe that the consolidated financial statements included in the period covered by this Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 51 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined effective could provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework ). Based on our evaluation under the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 as a result of the material weaknesses described above. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except as detailed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 52 

P ART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Our Executive Officers 
 
 Executive officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors (the Board of Giga-tronics. The names of our executive officers, their positions with the Company and their ages are set forth in the table below, followed by certain other information about them: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Jonathan Read (1) 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Timothy Long (2) 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Lutz Henckels 
 
 82 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(1) Mr. Read became our Chief Executive Officer and a director upon the consummation of the Business Combination on September 8, 2022. 
 (2) Mr. Long became our Chief Operating Officer upon the consummation of the Business Combination on September 8, 2022. 
 
 Jonathan Read became our Chief Executive Officer and was appointed a director effective on September 8, 2022 with the closing of the Business Combination. Mr. Read has been Gresham s Chief Executive Officer since May 2019. He was a director of Red Cat Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Timefire VR, Inc., from August 18, 2017 and was the Chief Executive Officer of Timefire VR, Inc. from October 2017 through May 2019 and from November 2015 to January 2017. From July 14, 2017 through July 20, 2018, Mr. Read served as a director of BTCS, Inc., a digital asset-related company. From 2005 through 2012, Mr. Read was the Chief Executive Officer of ECOtality Inc. ECOtality ), a San Francisco based company that Mr. Read founded and was formed to create a network of charging stations for electric cars. In 2013, ECOtality filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. In 2014, Mr. Read filed for bankruptcy. We believe that Mr. Read s management and public company experience, his experience in the defense industry and his role as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 
 
 Timothy Long has served as our Chief Operating Officer since September 8, 2022. He also has served as the Chief Operating Officer of Gresham since December 2019 and was its Executive Vice President for Strategic Development, from April 2019 until December 2019. He also has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Microphase, a subsidiary of Gresham. Before joining Gresham, Mr. Long worked as a consultant to businesses, municipalities, and institutions of higher learning on government contracting, clean energy sustainability and government affairs for 15 years. From November 2017 to March 2019, Mr. Long worked as a consultant to Power Grow, Inc. Power Grow ), Spark Fund and Secure Systems through his sole proprietorship, Long View Consulting. 
 
 Lutz Henckels has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 2019. He was a member of our Board from 2011 through September 8, 2022. He was appointed our Interim Chief Financial Officer in February 2018. He was appointed as our Executive Vice President in March 2019. He was appointed to the additional position of Chief Operating Officer in July 2020. Effective September 8, 2022, Dr. Henckels resigned all of his positions except Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Henckels has more than 40 years experience in corporate leadership roles, and previously served as Chief Executive Officer of public and private technology companies, including HiQ Solar, SyntheSys Research (acquired by Tektronix/Danaher), LeCroy Corporation and HHB Systems. He was the founder of HBB Systems, an electronic design automation company, and took that company public with its listing on Nasdaq. As CEO of LeCroy, he focused the company on its oscilloscope business, drove a successful turnaround and guided that company though its public listing on Nasdaq. Dr. Henckels holds a Bachelor of Science and Master of Science in Electrical Engineering and PhD in Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and he is also a graduate of the OMP program of Harvard Business School. 
 
 Our Directors 
 
 The Board consists of seven directors. The names of our directors, their positions with the Company and their ages are set forth in the table below, followed by certain other information about them: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Jonathan Read (1) 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Jeffrey Bentz (2) 
 
 63 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

William B. Horne (3) 
 
 54 
 
 Director 

Robert Smith (4) 
 
 78 
 
 Director 

John R. Regazzi 
 
 68 
 
 Director 

William J. Thompson 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

Thomas E. Vickers 
 
 58 
 
 Director 

53 

(1) Mr. Read became our Chief Executive Officer and a director upon the consummation of the Business Combination on September 8, 2022. 
 (2) Mr. Bentz became a director upon the consummation of the Business Combination on September 8, 2022. 
 (3) Mr. Horne became a director upon the consummation of the Business Combination on September 8, 2022. 
 (4) Mr. Smith became a director upon the consummation of the Business Combination on September 8, 2022. 
 
 Set forth below is a brief biographical description of each of our directors who are not previously described above, including their business experience, director positions held currently or at any time during the last five years. 
 
 Jeffrey Bentz is our Chairman of our Board since September 8, 2022. He has been a director of Ault since 2018. Mr. Bentz has been a director of Ault Disruptive Technologies Corp. [NYSE:ADRT] since December 2021. Mr. Bentz is an experienced businessman who has served since 1994 as President of North Star Terminal Stevedore Company, a full-service stevedoring company located in Alaska and whose major areas of business include terminal operations and management, stevedore services, and heavy equipment operations. He also has served as a director and advisor to several private companies and agencies. We believe that Mr. Bentz s public company director experience, executive-level experience, including his operational and financial oversight of companies with multiple profit centers and his extensive experience in the real estate and commercial services industries give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 
 
 William Horne has served as our director since September 8, 2022. He has been the Chief Executive Officer of Ault since January 2021 and a director since October 2016. He served as Ault s President from August 2020 until January 2021 and previously as its Chief Financial Officer since January 2018. He has been a director of Gresham since 2019. Mr. Horne served as the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Ault Disruptive Technologies Corporation (NYSE:ARDT) since January 2021. He served as the Chief Financial Officer of Targeted Medical Pharma, Inc. (OTCBB: TRGM) from August 2013 to May 2019. Mr. Horne is a director and Chief Financial Officer of Avalanche International, Corp. Mr. Horne has served on the board of directors of Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a biotechnology firm dedicated to finding the treatment, prevention and cure for Alzheimer s Disease, since 2016. We believe that Mr. Horne's extensive financial and accounting experience in diversified industries and with companies involving complex transactions give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 
 
 Robert Smith has served as our director since September 8, 2022. Mr. Smith has been a director of Ault Disruptive Technologies Corp. [NYSE:ADRT] since December 2021. He serves as the lead independent director of Ault and has been a director since September 2016. Previously, he was a director of Ault from November 2010 until May 2015. He is currently a C-level executive consultant working with Bay Area high-tech firms on various strategic initiatives in all aspects of their business. We believe that Mr. Smith s executive-level experience, and his service on Ault s Board, give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 
 
 John Regazzi has served as a member of our Board since 2006. He was our Chief Executive Officer from April 2006 until he resigned with the closing of the Business Combination. Mr. Regazzi retired as a full-time employee effective January 31, 2023 and is now a part-time employee. Previously he was appointed Co-Chief Executive Officer in June 2017 and Chief Technology Officer in August 2016. From 2006 to August 2016, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. We believe that Mr. Regazzi s executive-level experience, including his previous service as our Chief Executive Officer, and his service on our Board, give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 
 
 William Thompson served as Chairman of our Board from August 2016 and has been a member of our Board since 2011 and until the closing of the Business Combination as a director since then. Dr. Thompson served as our Acting Chief Executive Officer from August 2016 until June 2017. Dr. Thompson serves as Chief Technology Officer of Safetonet Limited, a privately held cyber-safety business focused on protecting children from online harms that makes Net Nanny parental control software, and he is a partner at QFT Analytics, a private company that offers financial modeling and back-office solutions for small companies. We believe that Mr. Thompson s executive-level experience, including his previous service as our Acting Chief Executive Officer, and his service on our Board and as our Chairman of the Board give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 
 
 Thomas Vickers has served as a member of our Board since September 2020. Since January 2020, Mr. Vickers has served as the President of Stack Financial Inc., a finance and accounting advisory firm that provides family office, Chief Financial Officer on demand, finance and accounting services to various clients. He has been a director of Veritas Farms, Inc., since October 1, 2020. From October 2012 to 2019, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Human Resources for OmniComm Systems Inc., a healthcare technology company, where he was a key member of the executive team that successfully completed that company s acquisition by Anju Software. At OmniComm he had primary responsibility for planning, implementing, managing and controlling all financial activities and worked directly with the Chief Executive Officer to determine budget, disbursements and expenditures of money and capital assets. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst . We believe that Mr. Vicker's extensive corporate finance and operations experience in diversified industries, and with companies involving complex transactions and his role as a chartered financial analyst give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 
 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 See Item 10. Our Executive Officers for information on a bankruptcy proceeding relating to Jonathan Read. 
 54 

INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD 
 
 Committees 
 
 The Board has an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. 
 Each of the committees has a charter that is available on the investor relations section of the Company s website at https://investor.gigatronics.com/governance-docs. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 The Audit Committee consists of directors Thomas E. Vickers (Chairman), Jeffrey Bentz and Robert Smith. The Audit Committee serves to monitor the effectiveness of the independent audit, as well as the Company s accounting, financial controls and financial reports. The Audit Committee must pre-approve all non-audit services provided by the independent public accounting firm. 
 
 The Board has determined that Mr. Vickers has: 
 
 (i) an understanding of generally accepted accounting principles and financial statements. 
 
 (ii) the ability to assess the general application of such principles in connection with the accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves; 
 
 (iii) experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating financial statements that present a breadth and level of complexity of accounting issues that are generally comparable to the breadth and complexity of issues that can reasonably be expected to be raised by the registrant s financial statements, or experience actively supervising one or more persons engaged in such activities; 
 
 (iv) an understanding of internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 (v) an understanding of audit committee functions. 
 
 Therefore, the Board determined that Mr. Vickers qualifies as the Audit Committee s financial expert for purposes of the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 The Compensation Committee consists of directors Jeffrey Bentz (Chairman), William J. Thompson and Will Horne. Each member of the committee is independent under the independence standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. The Compensation Committee formulates recommendations to the Board regarding levels of compensation for management. In addition, in order to recognize the expected future contributions of key employees and provide an additional incentive for them to remain with the Company over the long-term, the Compensation Committee awards options to purchase shares of our common stock and other forms of equity awards. The Compensation Committee reviews and approves all stock options, other equity awards and executive compensation. 
 
 Nominating and Governance Committee 
 
 The Nominating and Governance Committee (the Nominating Committee consists of directors William J. Thompson (Chairman), John R. Regazzi and Thomas E. Vickers. The purpose of the Nominating Committee is to recommend persons for membership on the Board, to establish criteria and procedures for the selection of new directors, and to evaluate and recommend to our Board any revisions to our corporate governance guidelines. 
 The Nominating Committee has no formal process for identifying and evaluating candidates. Existing directors identify suitable candidates as the need arises. The Board s policy is to consider any director candidate nominated or recommended by a shareholder in the same manner that it would consider a candidate nominated by the Board or Nominating Committee. In the past year, the Company did not receive any recommendations for director candidates from any shareholders. Shareholder recommendations should be submitted in writing to the Company by mail at its main office at least 120 days in advance of the anniversary date of the mailing of notice of the previous year s annual meeting and should include sufficient biographical information (including all information that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement for a shareholder meeting at which directors are to be elected) for the committee to make an initial evaluation of the candidate s qualifications. 
 The Nominating Committee has no formal policy on the consideration to be given to diversity in the nomination process, other than to seek candidates who have skills and experience that are appropriate to the position and complementary to those of the other board members or candidates. 
 
 55 

Director Independence 
 Messrs. William J. Thompson and Thomas E. Vickers are considered to be independent, and the remaining directors are considered not to be independent, for purposes of membership on the Board and their respective Committees under the Listing Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all directors, officers and employees. The code of ethics is posted on our website under the Governance portion of the Investor Relations section at https://investor.gigatronics.com/governance-documents . 
 
 Board Leadership Structure 
 
 The positions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer are currently held by different persons. The Board believes that having a separate chairman helps enable the Board to maintain an independent perspective on the activities of the Company and executive management. Periodically, the Board assesses the roles and the Board leadership structure to ensure the interests of the Company and the shareholders are best served. 
 
 Board Risk Oversight 
 
 The Company s senior management manages the risks facing the Company under the oversight and supervision of the Board. While the full Board is ultimately responsible for risk oversight at the Company, the Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to risk in the areas of financial reporting and internal controls. Other general business risks such as economic and regulatory risks are monitored by the full Board. 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 
 The Company has implemented an Insider Trading Policy applicable to its officers and directors and employees with access to material nonpublic information, as well as such persons family members, which generally prohibits such persons from conducting transactions involving the purchase or sale of the Company s securities during a blackout period. For this purpose, the term blackout period is defined in the Policy as a quarterly period beginning on the 10 th calendar day of the third month of each of the first three fiscal quarters, and the first calendar day of the third month of the fourth fiscal quarter, an in each case ending at the close of business on the second trading day following the date of public disclosure of the financial results for such fiscal quarter or year. In addition, under the Policy the Company may impose special blackout periods, including when there are nonpublic developments that would be considered material for insider trading law purposes. The Policy also strictly prohibits and trading on material nonpublic information, regardless of whether such a transaction occurs during a blackout period. 
 
 While the granting of options and other equity awards to officers, directors and other employees is not expressly addressed in the Insider Trading Policy described above, the Company follows the same principles set forth in such Policy when granting equity awards, including options, to its officers, directors and other employees with access to material nonpublic information. Generally the Board of Directors or Compensation Committee does not approve grants of such awards during a blackout period, and does not take material nonpublic information into account when determining the timing and terms of such an award. Further, the Company does not have a policy or practice of timing the disclosure of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation. 
 
 Policy Against Hedging Transactions 
 
 Under the Company s Insider Trading Policy, all officers, directors and certain identified employees are prohibited from engaging in hedging transactions. 
 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file initial reports of ownership and changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities with the SEC. These individuals are required by the regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of the forms furnished to us, and written representations from reporting persons that no Forms 5 were required to report delinquent filings, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and 10 beneficial owners were complied with during 2022, except that Form 4 filed by Mr. John Regazzi, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, in connection with a stock option exercise due to an administrative error. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 56 

Compensation of Officers 
 
 The following table provides information concerning compensation paid to, earned by or accrued with respect to (i) the Company s Chief Executive Officer, (ii) and the two other most highly compensated executive officers during the last fiscal year who were serving as of December 31, 2022 and whose total compensation exceeded 100,000, and (iii) up to two additional individuals who would qualify under (ii) above but for the fact that such individuals were not serving as executive officers of the Company as of December 31, 2022. We refer to these persons as the Named Executive Officers. The determination of Named Executive Officers and the amounts reflected in the table give effect to the Business Combination which closed on September 8, 2022, and for this purpose reflect amounts paid, accrued or earned by or with respect to Gresham and its subsidiaries as if the Business Combination had occurred as of January 1, 2021, in accordance with SEC rules. 

Name and Position 
 
 Fiscal Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock Awards ) 

Options ) 

All Other ) 

Total ) 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 

(d) (4) 

(e) (5) 

(f) (6) 

(g) (7) 

Jonathan Read 
 
 2022 

256,000 

50,000 

14,980 

320,980 

Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 
 2021 

256,000 

52,500 

231,800 

635,185 

16,896 

1,192,381 

Timothy Long 
 
 2022 

236,000 

50,000 

34,105 

320,105 

Chief Operating Officer (2) 
 
 2021 

177,250 

52,500 

154,533 

423,456 

30,576 

838,315 

John R. Regazzi (3) 
 
 2022 

176,400 

100,000 

276,400 

Former Chief Executive Officer, Director (3) 
 
 2021 

260,000 

260,000 

Lutz P. Henckels 
 
 2022 

187,938 

187,938 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2021 

280,000 

280,000 

(1) Mr. Read was appointed as the Company s Chief Executive Officer effective September 8, 2022 in connection with the Business Combination. Also includes amounts paid, accrued or earned by or with respect to Gresham and its subsidiaries prior to the closing of the Business Combination from January 1, 2021 to September 8, 2022, in accordance with SEC rules. 
 (2) Mr. Long was appointed as the Company s Chief Operating Officer effective September 8, 2022 in connection with the Business Combination. Also includes amounts paid, accrued or earned by or with respect to Gresham and its subsidiaries prior to the closing of the Business Combination from January 1, 2021 to September 8, 2022, in accordance with SEC rules. 
 (3) Mr. Regazzi served as our Chief Executive Officer from April 2006 until January 31, 2023, when he entered into a Termination and Release Agreement with the Company pursuant to which he resigned as a full-time employee and officer of the Company and its subsidiaries. Mr. Regazzi remains a director of the Company. 
 (4) For each of Messrs. Read and Long, represents cash bonuses paid by Gresham prior to the Business Combination. For Mr. Regazzi, represents a retention bonus earned in 2022 for remaining with the Company through the closing of the Business Combination. 
 (5) Represents the fair market value of restricted stock units originally granted by Gresham and assumed in the Business Combination. 
 (6) Represents the fair market value of stock options which were originally granted by Gresham during the periods covered and were subsequently assumed by Giga in the Business Combination, calculated in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC Topic 718 and SEC rules. Pursuant to SEC rules, the amounts shown disregard the impact of potential forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions 
 (7) The amounts in All Other Compensation consist of health insurance benefits, vehicle allowance, long-term and short-term disability insurance benefits, car allowance, and 401K matching amounts. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 
 The following table sets forth information about stock options; unexercised options; stock that has not vested; and equity incentive plan awards for each Named Executive Officers outstanding at the end of fiscal year 2022. All option exercise prices were based on market price on the date of grant. Equity incentive plan awards reflect non-plan awards the Company assumed in the Business Combination. 
 
 57 

Shares subject to 

Shares subject to 

Name 
 
 Award 
 
 Unexercised Options 

Unexercised Options 

Option Exercise 

Expiration Date 

Type 
 
 # Exercisable 

# Unexercisable 

Price ) 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) (1) 

Jonathan Read 
 
 Option 

229,053 

70,798 

2.97 

05/24/31 

Jonathan Read 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit 

79,127 

70,798 

Timothy Long 
 
 Option 

152,701 

47,199 

2.97 

05/24/31 

Timothy Long 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit 

52,751 

47,199 

John R. Regazzi 
 
 Option 

6,665 

4.95 

03/13/23 

John R. Regazzi 
 
 Option 

6,671 

4.95 

03/30/28 

John R. Regazzi 
 
 Option 

13,341 

4.05 

12/18/28 

John R. Regazzi 
 
 Option 

13,341 

4.95 

04/14/29 

John R. Regazzi 
 
 Option 

7,200 

3.51 

12/29/30 

Lutz P. Henckels 
 
 Option 

365 

37.05 

07/01/24 

Lutz P. Henckels 
 
 Option 

26,683 

4.50 

09/30/28 

Lutz P. Henckels 
 
 Option 

13,341 

4.05 

12/18/28 

Lutz P. Henckels 
 
 Option 

13,341 

4.95 

04/14/29 

Lutz P. Henckels 
 
 Option 

13,000 

3.51 

12/29/30 

Employment Agreements 
 
 Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, Gresham s obligations under Employment Agreements and Offer Letters with its officers were assumed by the Company. The following describes such agreements as well as oral employment arrangements with our Named Executive Officers. 
 
 Jonathan Read . Effective on September 15, 2020, Gresham entered into a four-year Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Read Read s Employment Agreement to serve as its Chief Executive Officer. Read s Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Read receives a base salary of 250,000 per year, which will be subject to an upward adjustment as shall be determined by Gresham s Board, plus a 500 per month car allowance. In addition to a base salary and a car allowance, in the event Gresham achieves annual revenue of no less than 25,000,000, Mr. Read is eligible to receive an executive performance bonus for each such year based on Gresham s net income. 
 
 Upon the termination of Mr. Read s employment, he will be entitled to receive any earned but unpaid base salary through the termination date, and any accrued but unused vacation . Further, unless Mr. Read s employment is terminated as a result of his death or disability or for Cause or Mr. Read terminates his Employment Agreement without Good Reason (as defined in Read s Employment Agreement) Mr. Read would be entitled to severance payments as follows: (i) 12 months of Mr. Read s base salary and (ii) a prorated bonus amount. 
 
 Timothy Long . Effective April 1, 2021, Gresham entered into a three-year Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Long Long s Employment Agreement to serve as its Chief Operating Officer. Long s Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Long receives a base salary of 250,000 per year. In addition to a base salary and a car allowance of 1,000 per month, in the event Gresham achieves annual revenue of no less than 25,000,000, Mr. Long is eligible to receive an executive performance bonus for each such year based on Gresham s net income. Moreover, Mr. Long may be entitled to an annual revenue bonus if Gresham achieves annual gross margins of no less than 35 . 
 
 Upon the termination of Mr. Long s employment, he will be entitled to receive any earned but unpaid base salary, and any accrued but unused vacation. Further, unless Mr. Long s employment is terminated as a result of his death or disability or for Cause or Mr. Long terminates his Employment Agreement without Good Reason (as defined in Long s Employment Agreement), Mr. Long would be entitled to severance payments as follows: (i) six months of Mr. Long s base salary and (ii) a prorated bonus amount. 
 
 Lutz Henckels . Mr. Henckels is employed under an oral agreement that pays him a salary of 280,000 per year. Moreover, in connection with the commencement of his employment with us and outside of our equity incentive plans, Mr. Henckels was granted an option to acquire 400,000 shares of common stock at the price of 0.33 per share. 
 
 58 

John Regazzi . On January 31, 2023 (the Effective Date we entered into a Termination and Release Agreement with Mr. John Regazzi a director, who served as our Chief Executive Officer until the closing of the Business Combination, whereby Mr. Regazzi agreed to resign as a full-time employee effective as of the Effective Date. We agreed to pay Mr. Regazzi (a) 17,500 in unpaid expenses, payable on the Effective Date, (b) 82,266 in unpaid deferred salary payable on the Effective Date; (c) 100,000 in an unpaid bonus related to the acquisition of Gresham payable in essentially equal installments over an 18-month initially commencing in January 2024;(d) 325,000 in retirement compensation payable over an 18-month period commencing in January 2024; and (e) COBRA reimbursement until such time as Mr. Regazzi can transition to Medicare. In addition, to this compensation, we owe Mr. Regazzi 36,000 in paid time off compensation, which will be payable over 12 months. Mr. Regazzi is remaining as a part-time employee at the rate of 125 per hour for up to 20 hours per month. 
 
 Change-In-Control Arrangements 
 
 In order to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of certain key members of management, we entered into Severance Agreements with certain executive officers including Mr. Regazzi (our then Chief Executive Officer), Mr. Henckels, Mr. Armand Pantalone, our Chief technology Officer, and one other executive. The Severance Agreements are, among other things, designed to avoid the loss of these employees in the event of a potential or following a change of control in our Company. Under Mr. Henckels agreement, he will receive such salary and other benefits described below for 12 months and acceleration of all unvested equity awards if he is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason, as defined in his Agreement, within 12 months following a change of control. Each would receive 12 months of salary and payment of COBRA premiums following an involuntary termination if made prior to 12 months following a change in control. Under their respective Agreements, Mr. Pantalone and the other executive would be entitled to six months of base salary if either of them resigns for good reason, as defined in his agreement, in connection with a change of control or is terminated without cause, whether or not in connection with a change in control. 
 
 Consummation of the Business Combination on September 8, 2022, constitutes a change of control for this purpose. However, i n connection with our entry into the Share Exchange Agreement, each of our then executive officers agreed to waive his right to receive severance benefits under his existing Severance Agreement as a result of a change in his title or responsibilities or reporting structure. In exchange for the waivers, on December 24, 2021, we agreed to grant each of Mr. Regazzi and Mr. Henckels 10 restricted shares of our common stock and each of Mr. Pantalone and the other executive 10,000 restricted shares of our common stock, all of which vested on December 24, 2022. 
 
 Compensation of Directors 
 
 The following table sets forth information about the compensation paid to the Company s non-employee directors in fiscal year 2022. 

Fees 

Name 
 
 Earned or 

Cash paid 

Total 

(a) (1) 
 
 (2)( 

) 

Gordon L. Almquist 

Jeffrey Bentz 

Robert Smith 

William B. Horne 

John R. Regazzi 

William J. Thompson 

Thomas E. Vickers 

11,000 

11,000 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The following table includes information as of April 27, 2023, concerning the beneficial ownership of Giga-tronics common stock for: each person known by Giga-tronics to own beneficially more than 5 of Giga-tronics outstanding common stock and common stock equivalents; each director and nominee; each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table above; and all directors and executive officers of Giga-tronics as a group. 
 The following table is based on 5,931,582 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 27, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to such securities. Except as otherwise indicated, all persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days and underlying and convertible securities, are deemed 
 59 

outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such option or warrants but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. . The address of all officers and directors is c/o Giga-tronics Incorporated, 7272 E. Indian School Rd, Suite 540, Scottsdale, Arizona 85251. 

Beneficial 

Percentage of 

Name of beneficial owner and Position(s) with the Company 
 
 Ownership 

Outstanding Common Stock 

Jonathan Read (1) 

254,025 

4.11 

Timothy Long (2) 

169,350 

2.78 

Lutz P. Henckels (3) 

113,817 

1.90 

William B. Horne (4) 

8,880,128 

74.68 

Robert Smith 

Jeffrey Bentz 

John R. Regazzi (5) 

90,290 

1.51 

William J. Thompson (6) 

29,164 

Thomas E. Vickers (7) 

25,659 

All directors and executive officers as a group (nine persons) 

9,562,433 

76.92 

Laurence W. Lytton (8) 467 Central Park West New York, NY 10025 

834,469 

13.54 

Ault Alliance Inc. (9) 

8,880,128 

74.68 

Less than 1 
 (1) Includes 254,025 shares of common stock issuable under options exercisable within 60 days of May 1, 2023. Excludes 149,925 restricted stock units issued on May 25, 2021. 

(2) Includes 169,350 shares of common stock issuable under options exercisable within 60 days of May 1, 2023. Excludes 99,950 restricted stock units issued on May 25, 2021. 

(3) Includes 66,730 shares of common stock issuable under options exercisable within 60 days of May 1, 2023. 

(4) Mr. Horne is a director. For more information on beneficial ownership arising from his positions with Ault and its affiliates, see footnote (9) below. 

(5) Includes 40,553 shares of common stock issuable under options exercisable within 60 days of May 1, 2023. 

(6) Includes 7,990 shares of common stock issuable under options exercisable within 60 days of May 1, 2023. 

(7) Includes 2,162 shares of common stock issuable under options exercisable within 60 days of May 1, 2023. 

(8) Information is based on a Schedule 13G/A filed by Laurence W. Lytton on February 12, 2023. Consists of 603,700 shares of common stock and 230,769 shares of common stock underlying warrants that are subject to a 9.99 beneficial ownership. Mr. Lytton s address is 467 Central Park West, New York, NY 10025. 

(9) Information is based on a Schedule 13D filed by Mr. Milton C. Ault, III, Executive Chairman of Ault and Mr. Horne, Chief Executive Officer of Ault on September 18, 2022. The principal business address of Messrs. Ault and Horne is c/o Ault Alliance, Inc., 11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 240, Las Vegas, Nevada 89141. Includes 2,935,085 shares of common stock and 3,960,043 shares of common stock issuable on conversion of 514.8 shares of Series F. Includes 2,000,000 shares of common stock issuable on exercise of warrants. Consists of shares held by Ault, of which Mr. Horne may be deemed the beneficial owner since he is the Chief Executive Officer of Ault. Following the Distribution, Ault s shares, subject to a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation, will consist of 16,272,744 shares issuable from conversion of Convertible Notes and the exercise of Warrants. The 3,960,043 shares of common stock issuable on conversion of 514.8 shares of Series F will be distributed to our shareholders as part of the Distribution. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Other than compensation arrangements for our executive officers and directors, we describe below each transaction or series of similar transactions, since January 1, 2021, to which we were a party or will be a party, in which: 
 the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) one percent of the average of our total assets as of the end of our last two fiscal years; and 

any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

60 

On April 21, 2023, each of Messrs. Lutz Henckels, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, and William Horne, a director, advanced 50,000 to the Company as a non-interest bearing loan to allow the Company to meet its short-term working capital needs. The Company intends to repay these advances without interest by May 15, 2023. 
 
 Allocation of General Corporate Expenses 
 
 We provide this information using our new December 31 fiscal year we adopted following the Business Combination. Ault provided human resources, accounting, and other services to Gresham and after September 8 th to us. Gresham obtained its business insurance under Ault s policies. The accompanying financial statements of Gresham include allocations of these expenses. The allocation method calculates the appropriate share of overhead costs to Gresham by using Gresham s revenue as a percentage of total revenue of Ault. Gresham believes the allocation methodology used is reasonable and has been consistently applied, and results in an appropriate allocation of costs incurred. However, these allocations may not be indicative of the cost had Gresham been a stand-alone entity or of future costs. Ault allocated 1.39 million for the year ended December 30, 2021, and 1.09 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Net Transfers From Ault 
 
 Gresham received funding from Ault to cover any shortfalls on operating cash requirements. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Our Recent Financings Our Recent Ault Financings. 
 
 Ault s Historical Bridge Loan to us 
 
 As our negotiations with Gresham and Ault became serious, in November 2021, an affiliate of Ault loaned us 500,000 (the Bridge Loan for general corporate purposes, including operating expenses. We borrowed an additional 300,000 on January 7, 2022 and an additional 500,000 on April 5, 2022, and the outstanding principal amount of the Bridge Loan totaled 1,300,000. 
 
 The promissory note evidencing the Bridge Loan was exchanged for the Exchange Note on December 31, 2022. For information on December 31, 2022 loan transactions with Ault, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Our Recent Financings Our Recent Ault Financings. 
 
 Ault s Closing Date Loan to us upon the Closing of the Business Combination 
 
 On September 8, 2022, Ault loaned us 4,250,000 upon the closing of the Business Combination. The loan was evidenced by a convertible note, that was issued to Ault. We refer to this loan as the Closing Date Loan. The promissory note evidencing the Closing Date Loan was exchanged for the Exchange Note on December 31, 2022. 
 
 Advances made from Ault to Us and Gresham 
 
 Through December 31, 2022, Ault advanced Gresham money for working capital purposes in the aggregate amount of 4.6 million. Of this amount, 0.5 million was classified as a capital contribution, and advances previously made by Ault Lending to us in the aggregate amount of 4,067,469 were rolled into a senior secured convertible note on December 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest of Executive Officers and Directors in the Transaction with Giga-tronics 
 
 In connection with the closing of the Business Combination and as required by the Share Exchange Agreement, we repurchased and redeemed outstanding preferred stock (other than the Series F), (the Outstanding Preferred Shares at the stated liquidation preference amount of such shares. Our Chief Financial Officer (Lutz Henckels) and one of our directors (Thomas E. Vickers) held some of the Outstanding Preferred Shares that we purchased on the same terms and price as shares of the Outstanding Preferred Shares held by other stockholders. We paid Mr. Henckels 246,000 to redeem his outstanding Preferred Stock and paid Mr. Vickers 116,000 to redeem his outstanding Preferred Stock. 
 
 Severance Agreements 
 
 We had entered into Severance Agreements with each of John Regazzi, our former Chief Executive Officer and a current director; Lutz Henckels, our Chief Financial Officer; Armand Pantalone, our Chief Technology Officer; and one other executive. See Management . 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The following table presents aggregate fees billed for audit fees rendered by Marcum LLP in fiscal year 2022 and in fiscal year 2021: 
 
 61 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Audit Services Fees 

852,000 

660,000 

S1 Review Fees 

Total 

852,000 

660,000 

Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements, review of consolidated financial statements included in the Company s quarterly reports (on Form10-Q) and services normally provided by the independent auditor in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements and Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 The following documents are included as Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 
 
 (b) Exhibits 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Filed or Furnished Herewith 

Form 
 Date 
 Number 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended 
 10-K 
 6/21/1999 
 3.1 

3.1(a) 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company 
 8-K 
 12/13/2019 
 3.1 

3.1(b) 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation 
 8-K 
 09/27/2022 
 3.1 

3.1(c) 
 Certificate of Determination of Series F Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 8-K 
 8/29/2022 
 3.1 

3.1(d) 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Article of Incorporation 
 8-K 
 09/27/2022 
 3.1 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company 
 10-K 
 6/12/2008 
 3.2 

4.1 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 
 8-K 
 4/30/2021 
 4.1 

4.2 
 Form of Amended and Restated Prefunded Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated as of July 29, 2021 
 10-Q 
 8/10/2021 
 10.1 

4.3 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Gresham Worldwide, Inc. 
 8-K 
 4/11/2022 
 4.1 

4.4 
 Form of note+ 
 8-K 
 1/11/2023 

4.5 
 Form of Warrant+ 
 8-K 
 1/11/2023 

4.6 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 10-K 
 5/28/2020 
 4.1 

10.1 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated as of December 27, 2021 by and among Giga-tronics Incorporated, Ault Holdings, Inc. and Gresham Worldwide, Inc. 
 8-K 
 12/29/2021 

10.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to Share Exchange Agreement by and among Giga-tronics Incorporated, Ault Holdings, Inc. and Gresham Worldwide, Inc. dated as of April 5, 2022 
 8-K 
 4/11/2022 

10.3 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of its directors and officers 
 10-K 
 5/25/2010 

10.4 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan++ 
 DEF14A 
 7/30/2018 

10.5 
 2023 Equity Incentive Plan++ 

Filed 

10.6 
 Stock Option Award Agreement between the Company and Lutz Henckels dated June 6, 2018 
 10-K 
 3/31/2018 
 10.25 

62 

10.7 
 Form of Option Agreement for Directors under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 8-K 
 2/6/2019 
 10.1 

10.8 
 Form of Option Agreement for Certain Grants to Executive Officers under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 8-K 
 2/6/2019 
 10.2 

10.9 
 Form of Option Agreement for Certain Grants to executive Officers under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (one year vesting) 
 8-K 
 2/6/2019 
 10.3 

10.10 
 Form of Option Agreement for Certain Grants to executive Officers under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (one year vesting) 
 8-K 
 12/31/2020 
 10.1 

10.11 
 Form of Option Agreement under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (one year vesting) 
 8-K 
 12/31/2020 
 10.2 

10.12 
 Severance Agreement between the Company and John Regazzi dated June 23, 2020 
 8-K 
 6/24/2020 
 10.1 

10.13 
 Severance Agreement between the Company and Lutz Henckels dated June 23, 2020 
 8-K 
 6/24/2020 
 10.2 

10.14 
 Severance Agreement between the Company and Daniel Kirby dated November 26, 2019 
 8-K 
 3/28/2020 
 10.7 

10.15 
 Severance Agreement between the Company and Armand Pantalone dated March 21, 2019 
 8-K 
 3/26/2019 
 10.2 

10.16 
 Lease Agreement between the Company and SF II Creekside LLC dated January 5, 2017 
 10-K 
 3/31/2018 
 10.17 

10.17 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and among the Company and Certain Investors dated as of April 29, 2021 
 8-K 
 4/30/2021 
 10.2 

10.18 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and Certain Investors dated as of April 29, 2021 
 8-K 
 4/30/2021 
 10.1 

10.19 
 Amended and Restated Business Financing Agreement between the Company, MicroSource, Inc. and Western Alliance Bank 
 8-K 
 3/14/2019 
 10.2 

10.20 
 Secured Promissory Note dated November 12, 2021 
 8-K 
 11/18/2021 
 10.1 

10.21 
 Security and Pledge Agreement dated November 12, 2021 
 8-K 
 11/18/2021 
 10.2 

10.22 
 Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note dates as of April 5, 2022 
 8-K 
 4/11/2022 
 10.3 

10.23 
 Amendment to Security and Pledge Agreement dated April 5, 2022 
 8-K 
 4/11/2022 
 10.4 

10.24 
 Waiver letter agreement concerning Severance Agreement between Giga-tronics and John Regazzi dated as of December 26, 2021 
 8-K 
 12/29/2021 
 10.4 

10.25 
 Waiver letter agreement concerning Severance Agreement between Giga-tronics and Lutz P. Henckels dated as of December 22, 2021 
 8-K 
 12/29/2021 
 10.5 

10.26 
 Waiver letter agreement concerning Severance Agreement between Giga-tronics and Armand Pantalone dated as of December 21, 2021 
 8-K 
 12/29/2021 
 10.6 

10.27 
 Waiver letter agreement concerning Severance Agreement between Giga-tronics and Daniel Kirby dated as of December 19, 2021 
 8-K 
 12/29/2021 
 10.7 

10.28 
 Convertible Note 
 8-K 
 9/14/2022 
 10.2 

10.29 
 Securities Purchase Agreement+ 
 8-K 
 9/14/2022 
 10.3 

10.30 
 Security Agreement+ 
 8-K 
 9/14/2022 
 10.4 

10.31 
 Registration Rights Agreement+ 
 8-K 
 9/14/2022 
 10.5 

10.32 
 Form of Preferred Share Repurchase Agreement+ 
 8-K 
 9/14/2022 
 10.7 

10.33 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement+ 
 8-K 
 1/11/2023 
 10.1 

10.34 
 Form of Security Agreement+ 
 8-K 
 1/11/2023 
 10.2 

10.35 
 Form of Subordination Agreement+ 
 8-K 
 1/11/2023 
 10.3 

10.36 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 8-K 
 1/11/2023 
 10.4 

10.37 
 Form of Termination and Release Agreement - Regazzi 
 8-K 
 2/7/2023 
 10.1 

10.38 
 Form of Exchange Agreement 

Filed 

10.39 
 Form of Exchange Note 

Filed 

10.40 
 Form of Exchange Security Agreement 

Filed 

10.41 
 Form of Exchange Registration Rights Agreement 

Filed 

10.42 
 Form of Warrant 

Filed 

10.43 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 

Filed 

10.44 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 

Filed 

10.45 
 Form of Secured Convertible Note 

Filed 

10.46 
 Form of Security Agreement 

Filed 

10.47 
 Form of Guaranty 

Filed 

10.48 
 Form of Letter Agreement 

Filed 

10.49 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement Jonathan Read and Tim Long 

Filed 

10.50 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Jonathan Read and Timothy Long 

Filed 

10.51 
 Employment Agreement Jonathan Read++ 

Filed 

63 

10.52 
 Employment Agreement Timothy Long++ 

Filed 

10.53 
 Form of Warrant Zvika Avni 

Filed 

10.54 
 Note Microphase and GWW 

Filed 

10.55 
 Warrant Microphase 

Filed 

10.56 
 Stock Purchase Agreement Relec Electronics Ltd. 

Filed 

10.57 
 Email extending November 12, 2022 Note due date 

Filed 

10.58 
 Note - Michrophase and DPL 

Filed 

16.1 
 Letter from Armamino LLP dated August 23, 2022 
 8-K 
 8/23/2022 
 16.1 

19.1 
 Insider Trading Policy 

Filed 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 S-1 
 2/13/2023 
 21.1 

23.1 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 

Filed 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

Filed 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

Filed 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

+ Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of the omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC on a supplemental basis upon its request. 
 ++ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 This exhibit is being furnished rather than filed and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 Certain schedules and other attachments have been omitted. The Company undertakes to furnish the omitted schedules and attachments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 Copies of this report (including the financial statements) and any of the exhibits referred to above will be furnished at no cost to our stockholders who make a written request to Giga-tronics Incorporated, at the address on the cover page of this report, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 
 ITEM 16 . FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 64 

SIGN ATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 

(Registrant) 

By: 

Date: 
 May 11, 2023 
 
 /s/ JONATHAN READ 

Jonathan Read 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 May 11, 2023 
 
 /s/ LUTZ P. HENCKELS 

Lutz P. Henckels 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date 
 Signature 
 Title 

May 11, 2023 
 /s/ JONATHAN READ 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Jonathan Read 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

May 11, 2023 
 /s/ LUTZ P. HENCKELS 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Lutz P. Henckels 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

May 11, 2023 
 /s/ WILLIAM B. HORNE 
 Director 

William B. Horne 

May 11, 2023 
 /s/ JEFFREY BENTZ 
 Director 

Jeffrey Bentz 

May 11, 2023 
 /s/ JOHN R. REGAZZI 
 Director 

John R. Regazzi 

May 11, 2023 
 /s/ ROBERT SMITH 
 Director 

Robert Smith 

May 11, 2023 
 /s/ WILLIAM J. THOMPSON 
 Director 

William J. Thompson 

May 11, 2023 
 /s/ THOMAS E. VICKERS 
 Director 

Thomas E. Vickers 

65 

66 

ITEM 8 . FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID Number 
 F- 2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - BDO Ziv Haft; Tel-Aviv; (PCAOB ID Number 1185) 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Giga-tronics Incorporated and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, statements of changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 331, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We did not audit the December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements of Enertec Systems 2001 Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary, which statements reflect 39 and 46 of the total consolidated assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and 41 and 43 of the total consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Those statements were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished to us, and our opinion, insofar as it relates to the amounts included for Enertec Systems 2001 Ltd., is based solely on the report of other auditors. 
 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit s . We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit s in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit s we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit s included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit s also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit s provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 New York, 
 May 11, 2023 
 
 F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Management of Enertec systems 2001 Ltd. 
 Karmiel, Israel. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the statements of financial position of Enertec systems 2001 Ltd. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of comprehensive profit /(loss), changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the financial statements (not presented herein)). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Estimation of total contract costs to be incurred for fixed-price long-term contract revenue 
 
 As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes a significant portion of its revenue over time using the cost-to-cost measure of progress, which measures a contract s progress toward completion based on the ratio of actual contract costs incurred to date to the Company s estimated costs at completion. The cost estimation process for these contracts is based on the knowledge and experience of the Company s project managers, engineers, and financial professionals. Changes in job performance, 
 F- 3 

job conditions and management s assessment of expected variable consideration are factors that influence estimates of the total contract transaction price, total costs to complete those contracts and the Company s revenue recognition. 

We identified estimated costs to complete on certain revenue contracts as a critical audit matter. The determination of the total estimated cost and progress toward completion requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions. Total estimated costs to complete projects include various costs such as direct labor, material, and subcontract costs. Changes in these estimates can have a significant impact on the revenue recognized each period. Auditing these estimates involved especially challenging auditor judgment in evaluating the reasonableness of management s assumptions and estimates over the duration of these contracts. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Examining a sample of revenue contracts to evaluate the appropriateness of the Company s identification of performance obligations and the determination of method for measuring contract progress. 

Assessing the reasonableness of the estimated costs to complete by selecting a sample of open projects and (i) testing consistency of the estimated total contract costs projected in the current year versus the original or prior period, (ii) assessing the status of completion by testing of a sample of project costs incurred to date and interviewing the Company s management to evaluate progress to date, the estimate of remaining costs to be incurred, and factors impacting the amount of time and cost to complete. 

Assessing the reasonableness of changes in estimated costs to complete by comparing project profitability estimates in the current period to historical estimates and actual performance and investigating reasons for changes in expected costs and project margins. 

Evaluating the reasonableness of management s budgeting process by selecting a sample of contract budgets for projects that were completed during the period and performing a retrospective review of budget to actual variances. 

/S/ Ziv Haft. 
 Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 
 BDO Member Firm 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 
 Tel-Aviv, Israel 
 April 17, 2023, except for footnote 17 which is dated May 11, 2023 
 
 F- 4 

GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands except share data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accrued revenue 

Receivable, related party 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses, related party 

Notes payable 

Operating lease liability, current 

Other current liabilities 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liability, non-current 

Notes payable 

Notes payable, related party 

Other liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Preferred stock; par value; Authorized - shares 

Series A Preferred Stock, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Series F Preferred Stock, shares designated; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common Stock; par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Non-controlling interest 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F- 5 

GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands except per share data) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Impairment of goodwill 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from continuing operations 

() 

() 

Other (expense) income 

Interest expense, related party 

() 

() 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of marketable equity securities 

() 

Change in fair value of senior secured convertible note 

() 

Foreign currency exchange adjustment 

Realized gain on marketable equity securities 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Other income (expense) 

Total other (expense) income, net 

() 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit (provision) 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net (loss) gain attributable to non-controlling interest 

() 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

Loss available to common stockholders 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

Total comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F- 6 

GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED ST ATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands except share data) 

Accumulated Other 

Non- 

Total 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Controlling 

Stockholder's 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Deficit 

Loss 

Interest 

Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Capital contribution from parent 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Capital contribution from parent 

Shares acquired in reverse capitalization 

Gain on extinguishment of related party debt 

Warrant issued in exchange of related party debt 

Common stock issued on warrant exercise 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Increase in Microphase ownership 

() 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F- 7 

GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Impairment of goodwill 

Amortization of intangibles 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

() 

Change in fair value of senior secured convertible note 

Increase in capital contribution from parent for corporate overhead 

Stock-based compensation 

Realized gains on sale of marketable securities 

() 

Unrealized losses on marketable equity securities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Accounts receivables, related parties 

() 

Accrued revenue 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

Other assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable, related parties 

Other current liabilities 

Lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Acquisition of GIGA, net of cash received 

() 

Sales of marketable equity securities 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Capital contribution from parent 

Proceeds from notes payable, related party 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Payments on notes payable 

() 

Payments on notes payable, related party 

() 

Payments on revolving credit facilities, net 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash 

() 

Net increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash paid during the period for income tax 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Gain on extinguishment of related party debt 

Warrants issued in exchange of related party debt 

Shares acquired in reverse capitalization 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F- 8 

GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 subsidiaries, namely Gresham Power and Relec located in the United Kingdom which primarily produce power conversion systems 

 Precision Electronic Solutions consists of subsidiary and division, namely Enertec located in Israel and the Giga-tronics Division including Microsource located in California and New Hampshire primarily producing test systems and RF filters for the defense industries. 

 Recapitalization and Reorganization On September 8, 2022 (the Closing Date ), GIGA acquired of the capital stock of GWW from Ault in exchange for shares of GIGA s common stock and shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series F that are convertible into an aggregate of shares of GIGA s common stock (the Acquisition ). The parties had previously entered into a Share Exchange Agreement dated December 27, 2021 (the Agreement but as a California corporation, GIGA required shareholder approval which occurred on September 8, 2022. GIGA also assumed GWW s outstanding equity awards representing the right to receive up to shares of GIGA s common stock, on an as-converted basis. The transaction described above resulted in a change of control of GIGA. Assuming Ault were to convert all of the Series F, the common stock issuable to Ault would be approximately of outstanding shares. Immediately following the above transaction, GWW became wholly owned subsidiary of GIGA and GIGA became a majority-owned subsidiary of Ault. GIGA s outstanding shares of Common Stock and outstanding warrants and options to purchase Common Stock remain outstanding and unaffected upon completion of the Acquisition. The historical financial statements, outstanding shares and all other historical share information have been adjusted by multiplying the respective share amount by the exchange ratio as noted in the Agreement if the exchange ratio had been in effect for all periods presented. 

million and working capital of million but has had recurring net losses and is not expected to have continued support from Ault to fund operating expenses. Management made plans to increase revenue, reduce costs, and raise needed capital, however there can be no assurance that we can successfully implement these plans. As a result, the Company may be forced to scale back its operations or cease operations altogether. 

Significant Accounting Policies 
 Sales of Products The Company enters into contracts directly with its customers and generates revenues from the sale of its products through a direct and indirect sales force. The Company s performance obligations to deliver products are satisfied at the point in time when products are received by the customer, which is when the customer obtains control over the goods. The Company provides standard assurance warranties, which are not separately priced, that the products function as intended. The Company primarily receives fixed consideration for sales of product. Some of the Company s contracts with distributors include stock rotation rights after six months for slow moving inventory, which represents variable consideration. The Company uses an expected value method to estimate variable consideration and constrains revenue for estimated stock rotations until it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. To date, returns have been insignificant. Because the Company s product sales agreements have an expected duration of one year or less, the Company has elected to adopt the practical expedient in ASC606-10-50-14(a) of not disclosing information about its remaining performance obligations. Manufacturing Services The Company s principal business is providing manufacturing services in exchange primarily for fixed fees. For manufacturing services, which include revenues generated by Enertec, Microsource and Microphase and in certain instances revenues generated by Gresham Power, the Company s performance obligation for manufacturing services is satisfied over time as the Company creates or enhances an asset based on criteria that are unique to the customer and that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Generally, the Company recognizes revenue based upon proportional performance over time using a cost-to-cost method which measures progress based on the costs incurred to total expected costs in satisfying its performance obligation. This method provides a depiction of the progress in providing the manufacturing service because there is a direct relationship between the costs incurred by the Company and the transfer of the manufacturing service to the customer. Manufacturing services are recognized based upon the proportional performance method as services transferred over time and to the extent the customer has not been invoiced for these revenues, as accrued revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Revisions to the Company s estimates may result in increases or decreases to revenues and income and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the periods in which they are first identified. The Company has elected the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14(a) to not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component to the extent that the period between when the Company transfers its promised good or service to the customer and when the customer pays in one year or less. 
 and , respectively. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 Level 2: Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or model-derived valuations. All significant inputs used in our valuations are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated with observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs also include quoted prices that were adjusted for security-specific restrictions which are compared to output from internally developed models such as a discounted cash flow model. Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The carrying amounts of financial instruments carried at cost, including cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivables, approximate their fair value due to the short-term maturities of such instruments. The categorization of a financial instrument within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
 
 and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, with and in the United Kingdom U.K. ), respectively and and in Israel, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses on deposits of cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 - 

Machinery and equipment, automobile, furniture and fixtures 
 - 

Leasehold improvements 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Indefinite-lived intangible assets, which consist of the Company s acquired trademarks, have a carrying value of million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are assessed annually for impairment as of December 31, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value. Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. When conducting annual or interim impairment assessments, if applicable, a two-step process is used. First, an optional qualitative evaluation is performed as to whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Company's each reporting unit is less than its carrying value, using an assessment of relevant events and circumstances. In performing this assessment, the Company is required to make assumptions and judgments including, but not limited to, an evaluation of macroeconomic conditions as they relate to the business, industry and market trends, as well as the overall future financial performance of the reporting unit. If it is determined that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, no additional tests are performed. However, if the Company concludes otherwise or elects not to perform the qualitative assessment, the Company performs a second step consisting of a quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment. This assessment requires the Company to compare the fair value of its reporting unit with its carrying value. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge will be recognized. In performing this assessment, the Company is required to make assumptions and judgments including, but not limited to, financial projections, discount rate, and future market conditions. See Note 9 Goodwill for further information on valuation methodology and impairment of goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2022. For indefinite-lived intangible assets with indefinite lives, the Company has the option to first assess qualitative factors of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. If the result of a qualitative test indicates that it is more likely that not that the asset is impaired a quantitative test is performed. When a quantitative test is performed, the estimated fair value of an asset is compared to its carrying value. If the carrying value of such asset exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value. impairment charges related to Indefinite-lived intangible assets were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 - years. The Company reviews intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. The factors that the Company considers in deciding when to perform an impairment review include significant underperformance of the business in relation to expectations, significant negative industry or economic trends, and significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets. When an impairment review is performed to evaluate a long-lived asset for recoverability, the Company compares forecasts of undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the long-lived asset to its carrying value. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of an asset are less than its carrying amount. The impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying value of the impaired asset over its fair value, determined based on discounted cash flows. 
 
 recognized in the consolidated statement of operations in the period in which they are incurred. The fair value of the notes payable was determined using a probability weighted expected return model, a scenario-based valuation model in which discrete future outcome scenarios for the Company are projected and discounted to present value (See Note 13. Notes payable, related party, net). 

uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, that would require recognition of a liability that would require disclosure in the financial statements. 
 , 

 the expected term assumption, using the simplified method, reflects the period for which the Company believes the option will remain outstanding, 

 the Company determines the volatility of its stock by looking at the historic volatility of its stock estimated over the expected term of the stock options , and 

 the risk-free rate reflects the U.S. Treasury yield for a similar expected life instrument in effect at the time of the grant. 

 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model for determining the estimated fair value for stock-based awards. The Black-Scholes model requires the use of assumptions which determine the fair value of stock-based awards, including the option s expected term and the price volatility of the underlying stock. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

As of December 31, 2022, customer accounted for of our total gross accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2021, customer accounted for of our total gross accounts receivable. 
 
 . 
 
 . The of ASU 2021-10 did t have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements . In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805), Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers , which requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination to be recognized and measured by the acquirer on the acquisition date in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The guidance will result in the acquirer recognizing contract assets and contract liabilities at the same amounts recorded by the acquiree. The guidance should be applied prospectively to acquisitions occurring on or after the effective date. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including in interim periods, for any financial statements that have not yet been issued. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance to determine the impact it may have on its consolidated financial statements. In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815- 40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options. The guidance became effective for the Company on . The Company the guidance on January 1, 2022, and has concluded the adoption did t have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ). ASU 2020-06 simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. Consequently, more convertible debt instruments will be reported as a single liability instrument with no separate accounting for embedded conversion features. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, which will permit more equity contracts to qualify for it. ASU 2020-06 also simplifies the diluted net income per share calculation in certain areas. The amendments in ASU 2020-06 are effective for smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Effective , the Company ASU 2020-06 using the modified retrospective approach, which resulted in impact on its consolidated financial statements. In January 2017, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which eliminated the calculation of implied goodwill fair value. Instead, companies will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit s carrying amount of goodwill over its fair value. The Company has not elected to early adopt the provisions of ASU 2017-04. If early adoption had been selected, the goodwill impairment recorded and analysis performed at December 31, 2022 would have been materially different given that one of the reporting units had negative carrying value. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses , ASU No. 2016-13 to improve information on credit losses for financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair value through net income. ASU 2016-13 replaces the current incurred loss impairment methodology with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2023, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this standard will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures 

Europe 

Middle East 

Other 

Total revenue 

Major Goods 

RF/microwave filters 

Detector logarithmic video amplifiers 

Power supply units and systems 

Healthcare diagnostic systems 

Defense systems 

Total revenue 

Timing of Revenue Recognition 

Goods transferred at a point in time 

Services transferred over time 

Revenue from contracts with customers 

As of 

Category 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Raw materials 

Work-in-progress 

Finished goods 

Total 

Computer, software and related equipment 

Office furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expenses related to the property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 

of the capital stock of GWW from Ault in exchange for million shares of GIGA s common stock and shares of GIGA s Series F preferred that are convertible into an aggregate of million shares of GIGA s common stock. GIGA also assumed GWW s outstanding equity awards representing the right to receive up to shares of GIGA s common stock, on an as-converted basis. The transaction described above resulted in a change of control of GIGA. Assuming Ault was to convert all of the Series F, it would own approximately of GIGA outstanding shares. The Series F Certificate of Determination contains an exchange cap which requires GIGA s shareholders to approve the issuance of more than of GIGA s outstanding common stock that would apply as of the time of any future conversion (the Exchange Cap ). On September 8, 2022 the GIGA s shareholders approved issuances of its common stock upon conversion of the Series F in excess of the Exchange Cap. We acquired GIGA to gain access to the public capital markets, drive growth, both organically and through strategic combinations with providers of bespoke technology solutions for defense customers, expand GWW s presence in the US defense market by adding strong management, innovative technology, and more engineering resources and to unlock synergies across operating subsidiaries. On September 8, 2022, Ault loaned GIGA million by purchasing a convertible note that carries an interest rate of per annum and matures on . This note was exchanged to Exchange Note on December 31, 2022 as described in Note 13. Notes Payable, Related Parties, net. In respect of the above transactions, the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, together with acquired processes and employees, represent a business as defined in ASC 805, Business Combinations. The transactions were accounted for as a reverse acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting with GIGA treated as the legal acquirer and GWW treated as the accounting acquirer. In identifying GWW as the acquiring entity for accounting purposes, GIGA and GWW took into account a number of factors, including the relative voting rights, executive management and the corporate governance structure of the Company. GWW is considered the accounting acquirer since the Company controls the board of directors of GIGA following the transactions and received a beneficial ownership interest in GIGA. However, no single factor was the sole determinant in the overall conclusion that GWW is the acquirer for accounting purposes; rather all relevant factors were considered in arriving at such conclusion. The fair value of the purchase consideration is million, consisting of million for GIGA s common stock and prefunded warrants, million fair value of vested stock incentives and million for cash consideration paid to existing preferred stockholders The Company estimated the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed using valuation techniques, such as the income, cost and market approaches. The fair values are based on available historical information and on future expectations and assumptions deemed reasonable by management but are inherently uncertain. The income method to measure the fair value of intangible assets, is based on forecasts of the expected future cash flows attributable to the respective assets. Significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the valuations reflected a consideration of other marketplace participants and included the amount and timing of future cash flows (including expected growth rates and profitability), the underlying product or technology life cycles, economic barriers to entry and the discount rate applied to the cash flows. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions. We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values at the date of the business combination. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Such valuations require us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, estimated replacement costs and future expected cash flows from acquired customers, acquired technology, acquired patents, and trade names from a market participant perspective, useful lives and discount rates. The estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Allocation of purchase consideration to identifiable assets and liabilities affects our amortization expense, as acquired finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful life, whereas any indefinite lived intangible assets, including trademark and goodwill, are not amortized. During the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the measurement period adjustment increased the preliminary allocation of goodwill by million due to revised forecasts resulting from the lack of sales and backlog, with the offset to trademark, developed technologies, customer lists, inventory and other assets by million, million, million, million and million respectively. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments will be recorded to earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 

Fair value of GIGA equity awards 

Cash consideration paid to existing preferred stockholders 

Total consideration 

Identifiable net assets acquired (liabilities assumed) 

Cash 

Trade accounts receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued revenue 

Property and equipment 

Right-of-use asset 

Other long-term assets 

Accounts payable 

() 

Loans payable, net of discounts and issuance costs 

() 

Accrued payroll and benefits 

() 

Lease obligations 

() 

Other current liabilities 

() 

Other non-current liabilities 

() 

Net assets acquired 

() 

Goodwill 

Consolidated proforma unaudited financial statements The following unaudited proforma combined financial information is based on the historical financial statements of the Company and Giga-tronics and subsidiaries after giving effect to the Company s acquisition of the companies as if the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2021. The following unaudited proforma information does not purport to present what the Company s actual results would have been had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2021, nor is the financial information indicative of the results of future operations. 

Proforma, unaudited (In thousands) 
 
 Gresham 

Giga-tronics 

Proforma 

Proforma 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Worldwide, Inc. 

Adjustments 

Unaudited 

Net Sales 

Cost of Sales 

Operating expenses 

Other expense 

Income tax benefit 

Net gain attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Proforma, unaudited (In thousands) 
 
 Gresham 

Giga-tronics 

Proforma 

Proforma 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Worldwide, Inc. 

Adjustments 

Unaudited 

Net Sales 

Cost of Sales 

Operating expenses 

Other income 

() 

() 

Income tax provision 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Customer relationships 
 
 - years 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Intangible assets, net 

impairment charges related to Indefinite-lived intangible assets were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. Amortization expense on the definite lived intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

F- 19 

million due to the effects of exchange rate changes. 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Acquisition of GIGA on September 8, 2022 

Impairment 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The Company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually on December 31 or more frequently if there are indicators that the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds its estimated fair value. The Giga-tronics reporting unit experienced a significant decline in sale during the fourth quarter of 2022 and is projecting a negative growth rate due to customers scaling back on programs, a lack of backlog, a highly competitive industry and certain operational challenges that have affected our expectations such that future growth and profitability is significantly lower than previous estimates. Furthermore, during the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company s market capitalization declined steadily which, although not a determinant on its own, when combined with the other factors indicated that Giga-tronics reporting unit goodwill was determined to be impaired . For Enertec, Relec and Microphase reporting units, the Company has determined that despite a declining market capitalization, the reporting units themselves benefit from a continued positive forecast within the industry, a significant backlog of contracted work, a history of and projected positive earnings and have not experience any technological, market or operational circumstances which indicate that the carrying values of reporting units goodwill may not be recoverable. B ased on the qualitative assessment, it was concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting units is less than its carrying amount. Management concluded that no quantitative testing was needed as it was not more likely than not that reporting units fair value are less than its carrying value as of December 31, 2022. Because the qualitative test indicated that Giga-tronics reporting unit goodwill was determined to be impaired a second phase of the goodwill impairment test Step 2 was performed specific to Giga-tronics reporting unit . Under Step 2, the fair value of the reporting unit was estimated for the purpose of deriving an estimate of the implied fair value of goodwill. The implied fair value of the goodwill was then compared to the recorded goodwill to determine the amount of the impairment. The Company utilized an enterprise value-based income approach to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. The income approach discounts projected free cashflows of the reporting unit at a computed weighted average cost of capital of as the discount rate. The income approach requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include a zero revenue growth assumption and negative future operating margins used to calculate projected future cashflows, weighted average cost of capital, and future economic and market conditions. The Company bases the forecasts on its knowledge of the industry, recent performance and expected future performance of the reporting unit, and other assumptions management believes to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from those estimates. As a result, the entire million carrying amount of Giga-tronics reporting unit goodwill was recognized as a non-cash impairment charge during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were impairments of goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Deferred revenue 

Warranty liability 

Other accrued expense 

Other current liabilities 

months to years, the leases perpetually , and the leases within year. 

Description 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Operating right-of-use assets 

Operating lease liability - current 

Operating lease liability - non-current 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange of new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases 
 
 years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

The Company determined that using a discount rate between and is reasonable, as this is consistent with the mortgage rates for commercial properties for the time period commensurate with the terms of the leases. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Financed receivables 

Other short-term notes payable 

Total notes payable 

Less: current portion 

() 

() 

Notes payable - long-term portion 

hort-term bank credit At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Enertec had short-term bank credit of million and million, respectively, that bears . Financed receivables The Company has a business financing agreement Financing Agreement with Western Alliance Bank. Under the Financing Agreement, the Company may borrow up to of the amounts of customer invoices issued by the Company, up to a maximum of million in aggregate advances outstanding at any time. Interest accrues on amounts outstanding under the Financing Agreement at an annual rate equal to the greater of prime or plus percent. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the annual interest rate was per annum and per annum, respectively. The Company is required to pay certain fees, including an annual facility fee of , to be paid in two equal semiannual installments. The Company s obligations under the Financing Agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and any domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain customary exceptions. The Financing Agreement has no specified term and may be terminated by either the Company or Western Alliance Bank at any time. The Financing Agreement contains customary events of default, including, among others: non-payment of principal, interest or other amounts when due; providing false or misleading representations and information; Western Alliance Bank failing to have an enforceable first lien on the collateral; cross-defaults with certain other indebtedness; certain undischarged judgments; bankruptcy, insolvency or inability to pay debts; and a change of control of the Company. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, the interest rate on the outstanding borrowings increases by basis points and the bank may declare the loans and all other obligations under the Financing Agreement immediately due and payable. Western Alliance Bank waived the potential change in control default in relation to the Acquisition. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s total outstanding borrowings under the Financing Agreement were and , respectively, and are included under current liabilities in notes payable on the consolidated balance sheets. On January 11, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with accredited investors (the Lenders pursuant to which the Company sold to the Lenders million of convertible notes. The Lenders required us to terminate the Financing Agreement as a condition of issuance of the notes (see Note 22. Subsequent Events). Other short-term notes payable Microphase has business financing agreements for equipment leases with several lenders. Under these financing agreements Microphase has short-term notes outstanding of and long term notes outstanding of paid monthly. 

Senior Secured Convertible Note (3) 

Notes payable, related parties, net 

Senior Secured Convertible Note (1) On September 8, 2022, Ault loaned the Company by purchasing a Senior Secured Convertible Note (1) (the Convertible Note pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement upon the closing of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Business Combination ). The Convertible Note carries an interest rate of per annum and matures on . The holder may at any time elect to convert in whole or in part, the outstanding principal and interest under the Convertible Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share (the Conversion Shares ). In addition, all principal and outstanding interest under the Convertible Note will automatically convert to the Company s common stock upon the closing of an underwritten public offering of common stock with net proceeds (net of underwriters discounts and selling commissions) of at least million (the Proposed Offering ). of the Company s common stock. The holder may increase this limit to on 61 days notice to us . The Convertible Note is secured by all of the Company s assets and the assets of the Company s subsidiaries pursuant to a security agreement (the Security Agreement ). per annum and the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Note, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing with respect to the Convertible Note will become, at the Convertible Note holder s election, immediately due and payable in cash. The Company may prepay all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Note at a premium that increases over the term, ranging from to . If the Company completes a public or private offering of million or more of its common stock (net of underwriting discounts and commission) prior to the maturity date, the Company must prepay all or part of the principal amount of the Convertible Note outstanding at a premium that increases over the term, ranging from 5 to 25 using up to of the proceeds from the Proposed Offering. However, if the Company closes the Proposed Offering, the principal of the Convertible Note will be applied toward Ault s million purchase of the Company s common stock. The Company accounts for its Convertible note under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . Under ASC 815-15-25, an election can be made at the inception of a financial instrument to account for the instrument under the fair value option under ASC 825. The Company has made such election for its Convertible note. Using the fair value option, the Convertible note is recorded at its initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the Convertible note are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The fair value of the Convertible note liability was determined based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The Company used the probability-weighted expected term method PWERM to value the Convertible note liability. This approach involved the estimation of future potential outcomes for the Company, as well as values and probabilities associated with each respective potential outcome. The Company assigned probability to the Convertible note liability remaining outstanding until maturity and probability of default on Convertible note, since the probability of a qualified or non-qualified financing in the near-term was assessed at . The Company calculated the present value of the Convertible note payoff on the maturity date using the income approach, which focuses on the income-producing capability of a business and estimated value based on the expectation of future cash flows. Key assumption used in the calculation included the discount rate of , which was calculated using term-matched market yields for CCC rated corporate paper and an incremental company specific risk premium. The Company also considered the probability of GIGA shares trading above the conversion price of (fixed price conversion option), in which case voluntary conversion was assessed to be likely just before maturity. The incremental value of such conversion was assessed using a Black-Scholes model. Significant assumptions used in Black-Scholes model include volatility of , risk-free rate of and expected term of year. After taking into consideration the PWERM of this scenario, the Company arrived at the fair value of the Convertible note liability. In addition, the Company agreed to indemnify Ault against losses from its breach of its covenants, representations and warranties under the Securities Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company issued the Convertible Note. The Company also entered into Registration Rights Agreement with Ault requiring the Company to file a registration statement with the SEC within 15 days of the voluntary conversion of the Convertible Note by Ault or in connection with a non-qualified public offering. The Registration Rights Agreement contains customary terms and conditions, certain liquidated damages provisions for failing to comply with the timing obligations for the filing and effectiveness of the registration statement, and certain customary indemnification obligations. Of the loaned to the Company, it used to redeem all of its preferred stock that was outstanding prior to the Closing Date. The Company previously entered into repurchase agreements with the holders of the outstanding shares of its preferred stock. The preferred stock holders included Lutz Henckels, the Company s Chief Financial Officer who received and Thomas Vickers, a member of the Company s Board of Directors who received . Based upon the fair value of the Convertible Note at September 8, 2022, which was using the probability-weighted present value on such date, we recorded a realized loss of related to the revaluation of the Convertible Note to on December 31,2022, which was recorded as Other income expense before exchange of this note for the Exchange Note noted below. Senior Secured Convertible Note (2) On December 31, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Ault to exchange the Senior Secured Convertible Note (1) due in the principal face amount of dated September 8, 2022 and any accrued interest thereon for a Senior Secured Convertible Note (2) in the principal amount of due (the Exchange Note ). The Exchange Note bears interest at per annum. The Exchange Note is, at the option of Ault, convertible into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) per share, or (ii) the VWAP Price (as defined in the Exchange Note) on such date less a discount to such VWAP Price, but in no event less than per share. In addition, all principal and outstanding interest under the Exchange Note will automatically convert to the Company s common stock upon (i) the consummation of a public offering of securities in which the Company receives net proceeds (net of underwriters discounts and selling commissions) of at least million (a Qualified Public Offering ), in which case the conversion price shall be the price at which the Common Stock is sold to the public, provided, however, that no underwriters discounts or selling commissions shall be imposed on such conversion, (ii) the consummation of a private or public offering of shares of Common Stock that is not a Qualified Public Offering but that results in the net proceeds (net of underwriters discounts and selling commissions) to the Company of at least million (a Non-Qualified Offering ), in which case the conversion price shall be the price at which Common Stock is sold in such Non-Qualified Offering less a twenty-five percent discount or (iii) December 31, 2024, in which case the conversion price shall be the VWAP Price less a discount to such VWAP Price. The Company s obligations under the Exchange Agreement and the Exchange Note are secured by a lien on all of the assets of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries pursuant to the Security Agreement dated December 31, 2022 (the Exchange Security Agreement ), by and among the Company, its two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Microsource. and Gresham, and Ault. The Company performed a fair value analysis on the Exchange Note. The fair value of the Exchange note liability was determined based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The Company used the PWERM to value the Exchange note liability. This approach involved the estimation of future potential outcomes for the Company, as well as values and probabilities associated with each respective potential outcome. The Company assigned probability for non-qualified financing, probability for qualified financing, probability to the Exchange note liability remaining outstanding until maturity and probability of default on Exchange note. The Company calculated the present value of the Exchange note payoff on the maturity date using the income approach, which focuses on the income-producing capability of a business and estimated value based on the expectation of future cash flows. Key assumption used in the calculation included the discount rate of , which was calculated using term-matched market yields for CCC rated corporate paper and an incremental company specific risk premium. The Company also considered the probability of GIGA shares trading above the conversion price of (fixed price conversion option), in which case voluntary conversion was assessed to be likely just before maturity. The incremental value of such conversion was assessed using a Black-Scholes model. Significant assumptions used in Black-Scholes model include volatility of , risk-free rate of and expected term of . After taking into consideration the PWERM of this scenario, the Company arrived at the fair value of the Exchange note liability as a Long term liability with a fair value of . The change in the fair values of between Convertible Note valued at , which was exchanged for the Exchange Note valued at , was recorded as Common Stock, and had no impact on the net loss to common stockholders of the Company. Senior Secured Convertible Note (3) and Warrant On the Closing Date, the Company also entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Ault Lending, LLC, Ault Lending ), whereby the Company issued Ault Lending a Senior Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of (the Secured Note and Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The Warrants are exercisable for from , at an exercise price of , subject to certain adjustments. In connection with the issuance of the Secured Note, as of the Closing Date, Ault Lending agreed to surrender for cancellation a term note dated November 12, 2021, in the principal face amount previously issued by the Company to Ault Lending, including accrued but unpaid interest thereon in the amount of . In addition, on the Closing Date advances previously made by Ault Lending to the Company in the aggregate amount of were rolled into the Secured Note . Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, as additional consideration for the issuance of the Secured Note, Ault Lending agreed to provide the Company an additional no later than May 31, 2023, which is recorded as a Receivable, related party at December 31, 2022. The Secured Note is due December 31, 2024, and bears interest at per annum. The voluntary conversion and automatic conversion price of the Secured Note are similar to the conversion price of the Exchange Note. With a limited exception, the Secured Note contains a most favored nations provision with respect to future financings of the Company. With limited exceptions, the Company also agreed to certain negative covenants that will require the prior approval of the holder of the Secured Note to incur indebtedness (other than permitted indebtedness), enter into variable rate transactions, incur indebtedness for borrowed money, purchase money indebtedness or lease obligations that would be required to be capitalized on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or guaranty the obligations of any other person, in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding in excess of in any individual transaction or in the aggregate. The Company s obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Secured Note are secured by a lien on all of the assets of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries pursuant to a Security Agreement, dated December 31, 2022 by and among the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Microsource and Gresham, and Ault Lending and Ault. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company and two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Microsource, Inc. and Gresham Holdings, Inc., entered into a Guaranty Agreement, dated December 31, 2022 with Ault Lending. Each such subsidiary guaranteed to Ault Lending the payment of the Secured Note. In connection with the issuance of the Exchange Note and the Secured Note, the Company granted Ault and Ault Lending certain mandatory and piggy back registration rights pursuant to two Registration Rights Agreements. On January 3, 2023 the Company, Ault and Ault Lending entered into a letter agreement whereby the parties agree that notwithstanding any obligations in any of the foregoing transaction documents the Company shall not be required to reserve more than of the shares issuable under the Exchange Note and the Secured Note using per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends or combinations) plus reservation of one share for each outstanding share issuable under the warrants (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends or combinations). The Company performed a fair value analysis on the Secured Note and the Warrants. T he fair value of the Secured note liability was determined based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The Company used the PWERM to value the Secured note liability. This approach involved the estimation of future potential outcomes for the Company, as well as values and probabilities associated with each respective potential outcome. The Company assigned probability for non-qualified financing, probability for qualified financing, probability to the Secured note liability remaining outstanding until maturity and probability of default on Secured note. The Company calculated the present value of the Secured note payoff on the maturity date using the income approach, which focuses on the income-producing capability of a business and estimated value based on the expectation of future cash flows. Key assumption used in the calculation included the discount rate of , which was calculated using term-matched market yields for CCC rated corporate paper and an incremental company specific risk premium. The Company also considered the probability of GIGA shares trading above the conversion price of (fixed price conversion option), in which case voluntary conversion was assessed to be likely just before maturity. The incremental value of such conversion was assessed using a Black-Scholes model. Significant assumptions used in Black-Scholes model include volatility of , risk-free rate of and expected term of . After taking into consideration the PWERM of this scenario, the Company arrived at the fair value of the Secured note liability as a Long term liability with a fair value of . The fair value of the Penny warrants was based on the residual value of remaining after allocating fair value to the Secured Note from the proceed of . The fair value of the warrants was recorded as common stock. 

 F- 24 

million for the year ended December 30, 2022, and million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net Transfers From Ault The Company received funding from Ault to cover any shortfalls on operating cash requirements. In addition to the allocation of general corporate expenses, the Company received million and million from Ault for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of GWW Class A common stock, at an exercise price per share of , with of these options vested immediately. The remaining vest pro-rata monthly over years. Additionally, the executives were granted RSUs to acquire an aggregate of shares of GWW Class A common stock, vesting annually over a term. Upon the Business Combination on September 8, 2022 the shares of GWW options converted to options to purchase common shares of the Company with an exercise price of per share and RSUs of GWW were converted to RSUs for common shares of the Company with no change in vesting terms. Additionally, stock options granted and outstanding under GIGA s Equity Incentive Plans were unaffected by the Business Combination except for revaluation on September 8, 2022. All options expires from the grant date. The stock-based compensation expense included in net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, based on the estimated fair value of the stock awards on the date of issuance. As these stock awards were issued prior to the business combination, the estimated fair value of the stock awards were based on observable market prices of Ault s common stock and extrapolated to GWW based upon its relative fair value within Ault as determined by equal weighting of revenues, operating income, and net tangible assets between Ault s subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2022, a total of stock options are outstanding at weighted average exercise price of and a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. Of the options outstanding, options are fully vested with an weighted average exercise price of and a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. As of December 31, 2021, a total of stock options are outstanding at weighted average exercise price of and a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. Of the options outstanding, options are fully vested with an weighted average exercise price of and a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. and options were cancelled for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were exercises of options for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a total of restricted stock awards were outstanding. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a total of and restricted stock awards were vested. 

newly issued shares of Microphase to increase its ownership interest in Microphase from of in exchange for consideration of million. 

On September 22, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (the Amendment with the California Secretary of State to increase the number of shares the Company is authorized to issue to shares by increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock from shares to shares . Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Preferred Stock with par value. The Company had authorized Series A convertible preferred stock of . shares are issued and outstanding. The Company had issued series B through E preferred stock which were redeemed with the business combination (See Note 7. Business Combination). On September 8, 2022 , the Company issued Ault, as part of the consideration for the acquisition of GWW, shares of Series F preferred stock. The terms, preferences and rights of holders of the Series F are set forth in the Certificate of Determination which was filed with the California Secretary of State, on August 23, 2022. Seniority and Liquidation Preferenc e The Series F ranks senior to the shares of the Company s common stock with respect to dividend rights and rights on the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of its affairs. The Series F has a liquidation preference of per share. The shares of Series F have an aggregate liquidation preference of . Conversion Right The shares of Series F are convertible into the Company s common stock at the holder s option at a conversion price of per share, subject to customary adjustments for stock splits (including the reverse split). The shares of Series F that were issued to Ault upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement are convertible into an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock. If converted in a public offering of the Company s stock, the conversion price will be at the public offering price less underwriting discounts and commissions. Dividend Rights The holders of Series F are entitled to participate with the Company s common stock and receive such dividends and distributions as they would receive if their shares of Series F are converted to common stock. The Company may not pay dividends without the consent of the holders of the Series F. Holders of Series F are also entitled to such dividends as the Board may declare on shares from time to time, if any. Voting Rights; Board Representation Holders of Series F have the right to vote on matters submitted to a vote of the holders of common stock on an as-converted basis unless required by applicable law. In addition, holders of Series F are entitled to elect of the Company s directors. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, Ault exercised its right adding four directors to our board of directors including our Chief Executive Officer and three persons who are Ault directors. Approval Rights for Certain Matters For so long as Ault consolidates the Company as a subsidiary of Ault for financial reporting purposes, the Company will require prior approval of the holders of the Series F to incur indebtedness in excess of million per individual transaction or million in the aggregate or to complete a merger, acquisition or purchase of assets where the aggregate consideration is valued at more than million. Holders of the Series F have separate class approval rights over certain specified actions that would affect the rights of holders of the Series F (see Note 22. Subsequent Events). Preemptive/Participation Rights If the Company sells any voting stock, or securities representing the right to acquire its voting stock, holders of Series F have the right to purchase, at the same price as other participants in the offering, a pro rata portion of such securities based on their aggregate voting power held such that they may maintain the percentage of voting power held. This participation right does not apply to certain exercises and conversions of outstanding securities, certain issuances pursuant to equity incentive plans and certain public offerings of the Company s common stock of million or more. This participation right terminates upon the earlier of the date that holders of Series F cease to beneficially own at least of the Company s common stock or September 8, 2027. Common Stock Common stock confers upon the holders the rights to receive notice to participate and vote at any meeting of stockholders of the Company, to receive dividends, if and when declared, and to participate in a distribution of any surplus of assets upon liquidation of the Company. 

() 

International 

Total 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects or (a) temporary differences between the carrying amounts or assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, and (b) operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Inventory adjustments 

Unrealized gains/losses 

Other carryforwards 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Lease liability 

Stock option expense 

Other accrued expenses 

Fixed assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

ROU assets 

() 

() 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred taxes 

State 

() 

International 

Total current tax expense 

() 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

International 

Total deferred tax expense 

Total tax (benefit) expense 

() 

ASC 740 requires that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences and credit carryforwards be recorded as an asset to the extent that management assesses that realization is more likely than not. Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent on the Company's ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. Because of the Company's recent history of operating losses, management believes that recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from the above-mentioned future tax benefits is currently not likely to be realized and, accordingly, has provided a valuation allowance. The valuation allowance increased by and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Amount 

Expiration 

Years 

Net operating losses, federal (post December 31, 2017) 

Net operating losses, federal (pre January 1, 2018) 

to 

Net operating losses, state 

to 

Tax credits federal 

Tax credits, state 

Net operating losses, foreign 

State tax 

Permanent differences 

() 

() 

Changes in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Change in foreign tax rate 

Impairment of goodwill 

() 

Foreign tax rate differential 

General intangible low tax income 

() 

() 

Prior period and other adjustments 

Unrealized gain on convertible note 

() 

Total 

() 

In January 2018, the FASB released guidance on the accounting for tax on the global intangible low-taxed income GILTI provisions of the Tax Act. The GILTI provisions impose a tax on foreign income in excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of foreign corporations. The Company elected to treat any potential GILTI inclusions as a period cost. The Company is subject to tax in the U.K. and Israel and is subject to audit by tax authorities in the U.K. and Israel for which returns are subject to examination for various years dependent on the jurisdiction. 

() 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities 

Diluted weighted-average shares 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, because the Company was in a loss position, basic net loss per share is the same as diluted net loss per share as the inclusion of the potential common shares would have been anti-dilutive. 

Common shares issuable on conversion of series F preferred stock 

Common shares issuable upon exercise of warrants 

Restricted stock awards 

Common shares issuable upon conversion of senior secured convertible notes 

Total 

million and million, respectively f or project implementation fees which are released upon delivery of the project products to the customer. 

 reportable segments as of December 31, 2022. Prior to the Business Combination, GWW operated as operating segments but aggregated its results into reportable segment based on similarity in economic characteristics, other qualitative factors and the objectives and principals of ASC 280, Segment Reporting . 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Impairment of goodwill 

Other (expense) income, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Assets (at period end) 

accredited investors (the Lenders pursuant to which the Company sold to the Lenders million 10 original issue discount Senior Secured Convertible Notes (the Notes and Warrants to purchase shares of common stock, par value for total gross proceeds of . The net proceeds shall be used primarily for working capital. The Notes are secured by the assets of the Company pursuant to a Security Agreement entered into for such purpose, and are senior to the indebtedness payable to Ault and Ault Lending, pursuant to a Subordination Agreement entered into in connection with the SPA. The Notes mature on the earlier of (i) from the issuance date, or , or (ii) completion of the uplist transaction pursuant to which the Company s common stock becomes listed for trading on a national securities exchange operated by The Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange (an Uplist Transaction ). The Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum payable monthly, which increases to upon an event of default. In addition, under the Notes upon an event of default the Company is required to pay of its consolidated revenues monthly on each interest payment date in reduction of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. The Notes provide for certain events of default which include failure of the Uplist Transaction to occur by the maturity date, failure to maintain effectiveness of the registration statement under the Registration Rights Agreement (as described below), suspension of trading of the Company s common stock for five consecutive trading days, failure to timely deliver shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes or exercise of the Warrants, failure to timely make payments under the Notes, default under other indebtedness, and certain other customary events of default, subject to certain exceptions and limitations. Upon an event of default, the holders will have the right to require the Company to prepay the Notes at a premium. Further, upon a bankruptcy event of default or a change of control event, the Company will be required to prepay the Notes at a premium. If the conversion price falls below , the Company may also elect to prepay the notes at a premium. Pursuant to the Notes, upon an event of default one of the investors is entitled to cause Jonathan Read, the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company, to resign from his positions with the Company. Mr. Read executed and delivered to the investor an undated letter of resignation to that effect, which the investor may cause to be dated and released upon the occurrence of an event of default. The Notes are convertible upon the earlier of the Uplist Transaction and an event of default at a conversion price equal to the greater of (a) of the lowest volume weighted average price VWAP for the 10 trading days prior to the conversion date and (b) per share, subject to adjustment including downward adjustment upon any dilutive issuance of securities. Each holder s conversion is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation which may be increased to on 61 days notice from the holder. The Notes contain customary restrictive covenants including covenants against incurring new indebtedness or liens, changing the nature of its business, transfers of assets, transactions with affiliates, and issuances of securities, subject to certain exceptions and limitations. The Company repaid its existing line of credit with Western Alliance Bank which had an existing balance of approximately . Under the Notes the Company can enter into a factoring agreement of million using the Company s accounts receivable as collateral. The Warrants entitle the holders to purchase a total of shares of common stock for a period from issuance, at an exercise price determined as follows: If the Uplist Transaction is not completed prior to the maturity date of the Notes, the number of shares of common stock that may be purchased upon exercise of the Warrants will be doubled, without an adjustment to the exercise price. Each holder s exercise is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation which may be increased to on days notice from the holder. The Warrants may be exercised cashlessly if the registration statement covering the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise is not effective as required under the Registration Rights Agreement. The SPA, Warrants and Notes require a reserve of authorized but unissued shares of common stock initially equal to approximately shares of common stock, subject to reduction as the Notes and Warrants are converted and exercised, respectively. Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (the Placement Agent served as placement agent in the offering and received a cash commission in the amount of of the gross proceeds, or . In addition, we have agreed to pay the Placement Agent an expense allowance of . Furthermore, we agreed to issue the Placement Agent warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to of the total number of shares of common stock underlying the Notes and Warrants sold in the offering, or shares. The Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price of of the Warrant exercise price. Under the SPA the Company reimbursed the Buyers a total of out of the proceeds from the offering for fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. In connection with the SPA, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which it agreed to register the resale by the Buyers of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes and Warrants. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the initial registration statement on Form S-1 must be filed 30 days after the Notes become convertible, and to cause the registration statement to be declared effective within 90 days thereafter, subject to certain limitations and exceptions. The Lenders required us to terminate the Financing Agreement as a condition of lending us the million and our issuance of the Notes. In early January 2023 the Company executed a reduction in force benefiting from the synergies of its two US operation and incurred nominal termination costs as a result. On January 31, 2023, the Company entered into a Termination and Release Agreement Agreement with John Regazzi, in which Mr. Regazzi resigned as a full-time employee and officer of the Company, effective immediately. Mr. Regazzi remains a director of the Company. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company has paid or agreed to pay Mr. Regazzi (i) in unpaid expenses, (ii) in unpaid deferred salary, (iii) in an unpaid bonus related to the acquisition of GWW payable in essentially equal installments over an 18-month commencing in January 2024, (iv) in retirement compensation payable over an period commencing in January 2024, and (v) COBRA reimbursement until such time as he can transition to Medicare. Mr. Regazzi is remaining as a part-time employee though June 30, 2025 at a rate of per hour and will be paid the he is owed for paid time-off over next 12 months ending on January 31, 2024. On February 13, 2023, the company filed an S-1 registration statement for Ault Alliance, Inc. to distribute shares of common stock of the Company on a pro rata basis to the holders of Ault common stock. On March 6, 2023, Ault provided to the Company towards the outstanding balance of the Secured Note (see Note 13. Notes Payable, Related Parties, net) On March 24, 2023, Ault provided to the Company towards the outstanding balance of the Secured Note (see Note 13. Notes Payable, Related Parties, net) On April 6, 2023, Ault provided to the Company towards the outstanding balance of the Secured Note (see Note 13. Notes Payable, Related Parties, net) On April 7, 2023, Ault provided to the Company towards the outstanding balance of the Secured Note (see Note 13. Notes Payable, Related Parties, net) On April 21, 2023, Ault provided to the Company towards the outstanding balance of the Secured Note (see Note 13. Notes Payable, Related Parties, net) On April 21, 2023 Will Horne and Lutz Henckels each provided to the Company a loan at percent interest. The notes are due on . On May 11, 2023, Ault provided to the Company 150,000 towards the outstanding balance of the Secured Note (see Note 13. Notes Payable, Related Parties, net) 

 F- 31 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 giga-ex10_5.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10.5 

Exhibit 10.5 
 GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 
 2023 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN, as Amended 
 
 1. Scope of Plan; Definitions . 
 
 (a) This 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan is intended to advance the interests of Giga-Tronics Incorporated (the Company and its Related Corporations by enhancing the ability of the Company to attract and retain qualified employees, consultants, Officers and directors, by creating incentives and rewards for their contributions to the success of the Company and its Related Corporations. This Plan will provide to (a) Officers and other employees of the Company and its Related Corporations opportunities to purchase common stock, par value 0.001 Common Stock of the Company pursuant to Options granted hereunder which qualify as incentive stock options ISOs under Section 422(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ), (b) directors, Officers, employees and consultants of the Company and Related Corporations opportunities to purchase Common Stock of the Company pursuant to options granted hereunder which do not qualify as ISOs Non-Qualified Options ); (c) directors, Officers, employees and consultants of the Company and Related Corporations opportunities to receive shares of Common Stock of the Company which normally are subject to restrictions on sale Restricted Stock ); (d) directors, Officers, employees and consultants of the Company and Related Corporations opportunities to receive grants of stock appreciation rights SARs ); and (e) directors, Officers, employees and consultants of the Company and Related Corporations opportunities to receive grants of restricted stock units RSUs ). ISOs and Non-Qualified Options are referred to hereafter as Options. Options, Restricted Stock, RSUs and SARs are sometimes referred to hereafter collectively as Stock Rights. Any of the Options and/or Stock Rights may in the Board of Directors or Compensation Committee s discretion be issued in tandem to one or more other Options and/or Stock Rights to the extent permitted by law. 
 
 (b) For purposes of the Plan, capitalized words and terms shall have the following meaning: 
 
 Board means the board of directors of the Company. 
 
 Chairman means the Chairman of the Board. 
 
 Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in a transaction which requires shareholder approval under applicable state law; or (ii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least 50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation. 
 
 Code shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 
 
 Common Stock shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

Company shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 
 
 Compensation Committee means the compensation committee of the Board, if any, which shall consist of two or more members of the Board, each of whom shall be both an outside director within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code and a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. All references in this Plan to the Compensation Committee shall mean the Board when (i) there is no Compensation Committee or (ii) the Board has retained the power to administer this Plan. 
 
 Disability means permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code or successor statute. 
 
 Disqualifying Disposition means any disposition (including any sale) of Common Stock underlying an ISO before the later of (i) two years after the date of employee was granted the ISO or (ii) one year after the date the employee acquired Common Stock by exercising the ISO. 
 
 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Fair Market Value shall be determined as of the last Trading Day before the date a Stock Right is granted and shall mean: 
 
 (1) the closing price on the principal market if the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange or the OTCQB or OTCQX. 
 
 (2) if the Company s shares are not listed on a national securities exchange or the OTCQB or OTCQX, then the closing price if reported or the average bid and asked price for the Company s shares as published by OTC Markets Group, Inc.; 
 
 (3) if there are no prices available under clauses (1) or (2), then Fair Market Value shall be based upon the average closing bid and asked price as determined following a polling of all dealers making a market in the Company s Common Stock; or 
 
 (4) if there is no regularly established trading market for the Company s Common Stock or if the Company s Common Stock is listed, quoted or reported under clauses (1) or (2) but it trades sporadically rather than every day, the Fair Market Value shall be established by the Board or the Compensation Committee taking into consideration all relevant factors including the most recent price at which the Company s Common Stock was sold. 
 
 ISO shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 
 
 Non-Qualified Options shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 
 
 Officers means a person who is an executive officer of the Company and is required to file ownership reports under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Options shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 

Plan shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 
 
 Related Corporations shall mean a corporation which is a subsidiary corporation with respect to the Company within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code. 
 
 Restricted Stock shall have the meaning contained in Section 1(a). 
 
 RSU shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 
 
 SAR shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 Stock Rights shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1(a). 
 
 Trading Day shall mean a day on which The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC is open for business. 
 
 This Plan is intended to comply in all respects with Rule 16b-3 Rule 16b-3 and its successor rules as promulgated under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act for participants who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. To the extent any provision of the Plan or action by the Plan administrators fails to so comply, it shall be deemed null and void to the extent permitted by law and deemed advisable by the Plan administrators. Provided , however , such exercise of discretion by the Plan administrators shall not interfere with the contract rights of any grantee. In the event that any interpretation or construction of the Plan is required, it shall be interpreted and construed in order to ensure, to the maximum extent permissible by law, that such grantee does not violate the short-swing profit provisions of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and that any exemption available under Rule 16b-3 or other rule is available. 
 
 2. Administration of the Plan . 
 
 (a) The Plan may be administered by the entire Board or by the Compensation Committee. Once appointed, the Compensation Committee shall continue to serve until otherwise directed by the Board. A majority of the members of the Compensation Committee shall constitute a quorum, and all determinations of the Compensation Committee shall be made by the majority of its members present at a meeting. Any determination of the Compensation Committee under the Plan may be made without notice or meeting of the Compensation Committee by a writing signed by all of the Compensation Committee members. Subject to ratification of the grant of each Stock Right by the Board (but only if so required by applicable state law), and subject to the terms of the Plan, the Compensation Committee shall have the authority to (i) determine the employees of the Company and Related Corporations (from among the class of employees eligible under Section 3 to receive ISOs) to whom ISOs may be granted, and to determine (from among the class of individuals and entities eligible under Section 3 to receive Non-Qualified Options, Restricted Stock, RSUs and SARs) to whom Non-Qualified Options, Restricted Stock, RSUs and SARs may be granted; (ii) determine when Stock Rights may be granted; (iii) determine the exercise prices of Stock Rights other than Restricted Stock and RSUs, which shall not be less than the Fair Market Value; (iv) determine whether each Option granted shall be an ISO or a Non-Qualified Option; (v) determine when Stock Rights shall become exercisable, the duration of the exercise period and 

when each Stock Right shall vest; (vi) determine whether restrictions such as repurchase options are to be imposed on shares subject to or issued in connection with Stock Rights, and the nature of such restrictions, if any, and (vii) interpret the Plan and promulgate and rescind rules and regulations relating to it. The interpretation and construction by the Compensation Committee of any provisions of the Plan or of any Stock Right granted under it shall be final, binding and conclusive unless otherwise determined by the Board. The Compensation Committee may from time to time adopt such rules and regulations for carrying out the Plan as it may deem best. 
 
 No members of the Compensation Committee or the Board shall be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Stock Right granted under it. No member of the Compensation Committee or the Board shall be liable for any act or omission of any other member of the Compensation Committee or the Board or for any act or omission on his own part, including but not limited to the exercise of any power and discretion given to him under the Plan, except those resulting from his own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 (b) The Compensation Committee may select one of its members as its Chairman and shall hold meetings at such time and places as it may determine. All references in this Plan to the Compensation Committee shall mean the Board if no Compensation Committee has been appointed. From time to time the Board may increase the size of the Compensation Committee and appoint additional members thereof, remove members (with or without cause) and appoint new members in substitution therefor, fill vacancies however caused or remove all members of the Compensation Committee and thereafter directly administer the Plan. 
 
 (c) Stock Rights may be granted to members of the Board, whether such grants are in their capacity as directors, Officers or consultants. All grants of Stock Rights to members of the Board shall in all other respects be made in accordance with the provisions of this Plan applicable to other eligible persons. Members of the Board who are either (i) eligible for Stock Rights pursuant to the Plan or (ii) have been granted Stock Rights may vote on any matters affecting the administration of the Plan or the grant of any Stock Rights pursuant to the Plan. 
 
 (d) In addition to such other rights of indemnification as he or she may have as a member of the Board, and with respect to administration of the Plan and the granting of Stock Rights under it, each member of the Board and of the Compensation Committee shall be entitled without further act on his part to indemnification from the Company for all expenses (including advances of litigation expenses, the amount of judgment and the amount of approved settlements made with a view to the curtailment of costs of litigation) reasonably incurred by him in connection with or arising out of any action, suit or proceeding, including any appeal thereof, with respect to the administration of the Plan or the granting of Stock Rights under it in which he may be involved by reason of his being or having been a member of the Board or the Compensation Committee, whether or not he continues to be such member of the Board or the Compensation Committee at the time of the incurring of such expenses; provided , however , that such indemnity shall be subject to the limitations contained in any Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the Board member or Officer. The foregoing right of indemnification shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors or administrators of each such member of the Board or the Compensation Committee and shall be in addition to all other rights to which such member of the Board or the Compensation Committee would be entitled to as a matter of law, contract or otherwise. 

(e) The Board may delegate the powers to grant Stock Rights to Officers to the extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
 3. Eligible Employees and Others . ISOs may be granted to any employee of the Company or any Related Corporation. Those Officers and directors of the Company who are not employees may not be granted ISOs under the Plan. Subject to compliance with Rule 16b-3 and other applicable securities laws, Non-Qualified Options, Restricted Stock, RSUs and SARs may be granted to any director (whether or not an employee), Officers, employees or consultants of the Company or any Related Corporation. The Compensation Committee may take into consideration a recipient s individual circumstances in determining whether to grant an ISO, a Non-Qualified Option, Restricted Stock, RSUs or a SAR. Granting of any Stock Right to any individual or entity shall neither entitle that individual or entity to, nor disqualify him from participation in, any other grant of Stock Rights. 
 
 4. Common Stock . The Common Stock subject to Stock Rights shall be authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, or shares of Common Stock reacquired by the Company in any manner, including purchase, forfeiture or otherwise. The aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued pursuant to the Plan is 10,000,000 less any Stock Rights previously granted or exercised subject to adjustment as provided in Section 14. Any such shares may be issued under ISOs, Non-Qualified Options, Restricted Stock, RSUs or SARs, so long as the number of shares so issued does not exceed the limitations in this Section. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 14, no more than 10,000,000 shares of Common Stock may be issued in the aggregate pursuant to the exercise of ISOs. If any Stock Rights granted under the Plan shall expire or terminate for any reason without having been exercised in full or shall cease for any reason to be exercisable in whole or in part, or if the Company shall reacquire any unvested shares, the unpurchased shares subject to such Stock Rights and any unvested shares so reacquired by the Company shall again be available for grants under the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that (i) the payment of the exercise price of any Stock Right, or (ii) the satisfaction of any tax withholding obligations arising from any Stock Right is made by withholding of shares of Common Stock by the Company, the shares so withheld shall again become available for grants under the Plan. 
 
 5. Granting of Stock Rights . 
 
 (a) The date of grant of a Stock Right under the Plan will be the date specified by the Board or Compensation Committee at the time it grants the Stock Right; provided , however , that such date shall not be prior to the date on which the Board or Compensation Committee acts to approve the grant. The Board or Compensation Committee shall have the right, with the consent of the optionee, to convert an ISO granted under the Plan to a Non-Qualified Option pursuant to Section 17. 
 
 (b) The Board or Compensation Committee shall grant Stock Rights to participants that it, in its sole discretion, selects. Stock Rights shall be granted on such terms as the Board or Compensation Committee shall determine except that ISOs shall be granted on terms that comply with the Code and regulations thereunder. 

(c) A SAR entitles the holder to receive, as designated by the Board or Compensation Committee, cash or shares of Common Stock, value equal to (or otherwise based on) the excess of: (a) the Fair Market Value of a specified number of shares of Common Stock at the time of exercise over (b) an exercise price established by the Board or Compensation Committee. The exercise price of each SAR granted under this Plan shall be established by the Compensation Committee or shall be determined by a method established by the Board or Compensation Committee at the time the SAR is granted, provided the exercise price shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of the grant of the SAR, or such higher price as is established by the Board or Compensation Committee. A SAR shall be exercisable in accordance with such terms and conditions and during such periods as may be established by the Board or Compensation Committee. Shares of Common Stock delivered pursuant to the exercise of a SAR shall be subject to such conditions, restrictions and contingencies as the Board or Compensation Committee may establish in the applicable SAR agreement or document, if any. The Board or Compensation Committee, in its discretion, may impose such conditions, restrictions and contingencies with respect to shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of each SAR as the Board or Compensation Committee determines to be desirable. A SAR under the Plan shall be subject to such terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the Plan, as the Board or Compensation Committee shall, in its discretion, prescribe. The terms and conditions of any SAR to any grantee shall be reflected in such form of agreement as is determined by the Board or Compensation Committee. A copy of such document, if any, shall be provided to the grantee, and the Board or Compensation Committee may condition the granting of the SAR on the grantee executing such agreement. 
 
 (d) An RSU gives the grantee the right to receive a number of shares of the Company s Common Stock on applicable vesting or other dates. Delivery of the RSUs may be deferred beyond vesting as determined by the Board or Compensation Committee. RSUs shall be evidenced by an RSU agreement in the form determined by the Board or Compensation Committee. With respect to an RSU, which becomes non-forfeitable due to the lapse of time, the Compensation Committee shall prescribe in the RSU agreement the vesting period. With respect to the granting of the RSU, which becomes non-forfeitable due to the satisfaction of certain pre-established performance-based objectives imposed by the Board or Compensation Committee, the measurement date of whether such performance-based objectives have been satisfied shall be a date no earlier than the first anniversary of the date of the RSU. A recipient who is granted an RSU shall possess no incidents of ownership with respect to such underlying Common Stock, although the RSU agreement may provide for payments in lieu of dividends to such grantee. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan, the Board or Compensation Committee may impose conditions and restrictions on any grant of Stock Rights including forfeiture of vested Options, cancellation of Common Stock acquired in connection with any Stock Right and forfeiture of profits. 
 
 (f) The Options and SARs shall not be exercisable for a period of more than 10 years from the date of grant. 
 
 6. Sale of Shares . The shares underlying Stock Rights granted to any Officer, director or a beneficial owner of 10 or more of the Company s securities registered under Section 12 of the 

Exchange Act shall not be sold, assigned or transferred by the grantee until at least six months elapse from the date of the grant thereof. 
 
 7. ISO Minimum Option Price and Other Limitations . 
 
 (a) The exercise price per share relating to all Options granted under the Plan shall not be less than the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the last trading day prior to the date of such grant. For purposes of determining the exercise price, the date of the grant shall be the later of (i) the date of approval by the Board or Compensation Committee or the Board, or (ii) for ISOs, the date the recipient becomes an employee of the Company. In the case of an ISO to be granted to an employee owning Common Stock which represents more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Related Corporation, the price per share shall not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the date of grant and such ISO shall not be exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. 
 
 (b) In no event shall the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time an ISO is granted) of Common Stock for which ISOs granted to any employee are exercisable for the first time by such employee during any calendar year (under all stock option plans of the Company and any Related Corporation) exceed 100,000. 
 
 8. Duration of Stock Rights . Subject to earlier termination as provided in Sections 5, 9, 10 and 11, each Option and SAR shall expire on the date specified in the original instrument granting such Stock Right (except with respect to any part of an ISO that is converted into a Non-Qualified Option pursuant to Section 17), provided , however , that such instrument must comply with Section 422 of the Code with regard to ISOs and Rule 16b-3 with regard to all Stock Rights granted pursuant to the Plan to Officers, directors and 10 shareholders of the Company. 
 
 9. Exercise of Options and SARs; Vesting of Stock Rights . Subject to the provisions of Sections 9 through 13, each Option and SAR granted under the Plan shall be exercisable as follows: 
 
 (a) The Options and SARs shall either be fully vested and exercisable from the date of grant or shall vest and become exercisable in such installments as the Board or Compensation Committee may specify. 
 
 (b) Once an installment becomes exercisable it shall remain exercisable until expiration or termination of the Option and SAR, unless otherwise specified by the Board or Compensation Committee. 
 
 (c) Each Option and SAR or installment, once it becomes exercisable, may be exercised at any time or from time to time, in whole or in part, for up to the total number of shares with respect to which it is then exercisable. 
 
 (d) The Board or Compensation Committee shall have the right to accelerate the vesting date of any installment of any Stock Right; provided that the Board or Compensation Committee shall not accelerate the exercise date of any installment of any Option granted to any employee as an ISO (and not previously converted into a Non-Qualified Option pursuant to Section 

17) if such acceleration would violate the annual exercisability limitation contained in Section 422(d) of the Code as described in Section 7(b). 
 
 10. Termination of Employment . Subject to any greater restrictions or limitations as may be imposed by the Board or Compensation Committee or by a written agreement, if an optionee ceases to be employed by the Company and all Related Corporations other than by reason of death or Disability, no further installments of his Options shall vest or become exercisable, and his Options shall terminate as provided for in the grant or on the day 12 months after the day of the termination of his employment (except three months for ISOs), whichever is earlier, but in no event later than on their specified expiration dates. Employment shall be considered as continuing uninterrupted during any bona fide leave of absence (such as those attributable to illness, military obligations or governmental service) provided that the period of such leave does not exceed 90 days or, if longer, any period during which such optionee s right to re-employment is guaranteed by statute. A leave of absence with the written approval of the Board shall not be considered an interruption of employment under the Plan, provided that such written approval contractually obligates the Company or any Related Corporation to continue the employment of the optionee after the approved period of absence. ISOs granted under the Plan shall not be affected by any change of employment within or among the Company and Related Corporations so long as the optionee continues to be an employee of the Company or any Related Corporation. 
 
 11. Death; Disability . Unless otherwise determined by the Board or Compensation Committee or by a written agreement: 
 
 (a) If the holder of an Option or SAR ceases to be employed by the Company and all Related Corporations by reason of his death, any Options or SARs held by the optionee may be exercised to the extent he could have exercised it on the date of his death, by his estate, personal representative or beneficiary who has acquired the Options or SARs by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, at any time prior to the earlier of: (i) the Options or SARs specified expiration date or (ii) one year (except three months for an ISO) from the date of death. 
 
 (b) If the holder of an Option or SAR ceases to be employed by the Company and all Related Corporations, or a director or Director Advisor can no longer perform his duties, by reason of his Disability, any Options or SARs held by the optionee may be exercised to the extent he could have exercised it on the date of termination due to Disability until the earlier of (i) the Options or SARs specified expiration date or (ii) one year from the date of the termination. 
 
 12. Assignment, Transfer or Sale . 
 
 (a) No ISO granted under this Plan shall be assignable or transferable by the grantee except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and during the lifetime of the grantee, each ISO shall be exercisable only by him, his guardian or legal representative. 
 
 (b) Except for ISOs, all Stock Rights are transferable subject to compliance with applicable securities laws and Section 6 of this Plan. 
 
 13. Terms and Conditions of Stock Rights . Stock Rights shall be evidenced by instruments (which need not be identical) in such forms as the Board or Compensation Committee may from time to time approve. Such instruments shall conform to the terms and conditions set forth in 

Sections 5 through 12 hereof and may contain such other provisions as the Board or Compensation Committee deems advisable which are not inconsistent with the Plan. In granting any Stock Rights, the Board or Compensation Committee may specify that Stock Rights shall be subject to the restrictions set forth herein with respect to ISOs, or to such other termination and cancellation provisions as the Board or Compensation Committee may determine. The Board or Compensation Committee may from time to time confer authority and responsibility on one or more of its own members and/or one or more Officers of the Company to execute and deliver such instruments. The proper Officers of the Company are authorized and directed to take any and all action necessary or advisable from time to time to carry out the terms of such instruments. 
 
 14. Adjustments Upon Certain Events . 
 
 (a) Subject to any required action by the shareholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each outstanding Stock Right, and the number of shares of Common Stock which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Stock Rights have yet been granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of a Stock Right, as well as the price per share of Common Stock (or cash, as applicable) covered by each such outstanding Option or SAR, shall be proportionately adjusted for any increases or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company; provided , however , that conversion of any convertible securities of the Company or the voluntary cancellation whether by virtue of a cashless exercise of a derivative security of the Company or otherwise shall not be deemed to have been effected without receipt of consideration. Such adjustment shall be made by the Board or Compensation Committee, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to a Stock Right. No adjustments shall be made for dividends or other distributions paid in cash or in property other than securities of the Company. 
 
 (b) In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Board or Compensation Committee shall notify each participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, a Stock Right will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action. 
 
 (c) In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation, or a Change of Control, each outstanding Stock Right shall be assumed (as defined below) or an equivalent option or right substituted by the successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Stock Rights, the participants shall fully vest in and have the right to exercise their Stock Rights as to which it would not otherwise be vested or exercisable. If a Stock Right becomes fully vested and exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in the event of a merger or sale of assets, the Board or Compensation Committee shall notify the participant in writing or electronically that the Stock Right shall be fully vested and exercisable for a period of at least 15 

days from the date of such notice, and any Options or SARs shall terminate one minute prior to the closing of the merger or sale of assets. 
 
 For the purposes of this Section 14(c), the Stock Right shall be considered assumed if, following the merger or Change of Control, the option or right confers the right to purchase or receive, for each share of Common Stock subject to the Stock Right immediately prior to the merger or Change of Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or Change of Control by holders of Common Stock for each share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided , however , that if such consideration received in the merger or Change of Control is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its parent, the Board or Compensation Committee may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of the Stock Right, for each share of Common Stock subject to the Stock Right, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its parent equal in Fair Market Value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the merger or Change of Control. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any adjustments made pursuant to Section 14(a), (b) or (c) with respect to ISOs shall be made only after the Board or Compensation Committee, after consulting with counsel for the Company, determines whether such adjustments would constitute a modification of such ISOs (as that term is defined in Section 424(h) of the Code) or would cause any adverse tax consequences for the holders of such ISOs. If the Board or Compensation Committee determines that such adjustments made with respect to ISOs would constitute a modification of such ISOs it may refrain from making such adjustments. 
 
 (e) No fractional shares shall be issued under the Plan and the optionee shall receive from the Company cash in lieu of such fractional shares. 
 
 15. Means of Exercising Stock Rights . 
 
 (a) An Option or SAR (or any part or installment thereof) shall be exercised by giving written notice to the Company at its principal office address. Such notice shall identify the Stock Right being exercised and specify the number of shares as to which such Stock Right is being exercised, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price therefor (to the extent it is exercisable in cash) either (i) in United States dollars by check or wire transfer; or (ii) at the discretion of the Board or Compensation Committee, through delivery of shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal as of the date of the exercise to the cash exercise price of the Stock Right or such other formula as may be approved by the Board or Compensation Committee; or (iii) at the discretion of the Board or Compensation Committee, by any combination of (i) and (ii) above. If the Board or Compensation Committee exercises its discretion to permit payment of the exercise price of an ISO by means of the methods set forth in clauses (ii) or (iii) of the preceding sentence, such discretion need not be exercised in writing at the time of the grant of the Stock Right in question. The holder of a Stock Right shall not have the rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares covered by his Stock Right until the date of issuance of a stock certificate to him for such shares. Except as expressly provided above in Section 14 with respect to changes in capitalization 

and stock dividends, no adjustment shall be made for dividends or similar rights for which the record date is before the date such stock certificate is issued. 
 
 (b) Each notice of exercise shall, unless the shares of Common Stock are covered by a then current registration statement under the Securities Act, contain the holder s acknowledgment in form and substance satisfactory to the Company that (i) such shares are being purchased for investment and not for distribution or resale (other than a distribution or resale which, in the opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company, may be made without violating the registration provisions of the Securities Act), (ii) the holder has been advised and understands that (1) the shares have not been registered under the Securities Act and are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and are subject to restrictions on transfer and (2) the Company is under no obligation to register the shares under the Securities Act or to take any action which would make available to the holder any exemption from such registration, and (iii) such shares may not be transferred without compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. Notwithstanding the above, should the Company be advised by counsel that issuance of shares should be delayed pending registration under federal or state securities laws or the receipt of an opinion that an appropriate exemption therefrom is available, the Company may defer exercise of any Stock Right granted hereunder until either such event has occurred. 
 
 16. Term, Termination and Amendment . 
 
 (a) This Plan was adopted by the Board. This Plan may be approved by the Company s shareholders, which approval is required for ISOs. 
 
 (b) The Board may terminate the Plan at any time. Unless sooner terminated, the Plan shall terminate on January 2, 2033. No Stock Rights may be granted under the Plan once the Plan is terminated. Termination of the Plan shall not impair rights and obligations under any Stock Right granted while the Plan is in effect, except with the written consent of the grantee. 
 
 (c) The Board at any time, and from time to time, may amend the Plan. Provided , however , except as provided in Section 14 relating to adjustments in Common Stock, no amendment shall be effective unless approved by the shareholders of the Company to the extent (i) shareholder approval is necessary to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or (ii) required by the rules of the principal national securities exchange or trading market upon which the Company s Common Stock trades. Rights under any Stock Rights granted before amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan, except with the written consent of the grantee. 
 
 (d) The Board at any time, and from time to time, may amend the terms of any one or more Stock Rights; provided , however , that the rights under the Stock Right shall not be impaired by any such amendment, except with the written consent of the grantee. 
 
 17. Conversion of ISOs into Non-Qualified Options; Termination of ISOs . The Board or Compensation Committee, at the written request of any optionee, may in its discretion take such actions as may be necessary to convert such optionee s ISOs (or any installments or portions of installments thereof) that have not been exercised on the date of conversion into Non-Qualified Options at any time prior to the expiration of such ISOs, regardless of whether the optionee is an 

employee of the Company or a Related Corporation at the time of such conversion. Provided , however , the Board or Compensation Committee shall not reprice the Options or extend the exercise period or reduce the exercise price of the appropriate installments of such Options without the approval of the Company s shareholders. At the time of such conversion, the Board or Compensation Committee (with the consent of the optionee) may impose such conditions on the exercise of the resulting Non-Qualified Options as the Board or Compensation Committee in its discretion may determine, provided that such conditions shall not be inconsistent with this Plan. Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any optionee the right to have such optionee s ISOs converted into Non-Qualified Options, and no such conversion shall occur until and unless the Board or Compensation Committee takes appropriate action. The Compensation Committee, with the consent of the optionee, may also terminate any portion of any ISO that has not been exercised at the time of such termination. 
 
 18. Application of Funds . The proceeds received by the Company from the sale of shares pursuant to Options or SARS (if cash settled) granted under the Plan shall be used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 19. Governmental Regulations . The Company s obligation to sell and deliver shares of the Common Stock under this Plan is subject to the approval of any governmental authority required in connection with the authorization, issuance or sale of such shares. 
 
 20. Withholding of Additional Income Taxes . In connection with the granting, exercise or vesting of a Stock Right or the making of a Disqualifying Disposition the Company, in accordance with Section 3402(a) of the Code, may require the optionee to pay additional withholding taxes in respect of the amount that is considered compensation includable in such person s gross income. 
 
 To the extent that the Company is required to withhold taxes for federal income tax purposes as provided above, if any optionee may elect to satisfy such withholding requirement by (i) paying the amount of the required withholding tax to the Company; (ii) delivering to the Company shares of its Common Stock (including shares of Restricted Stock) previously owned by the optionee; or (iii) having the Company retain a portion of the shares covered by an Option exercise. The number of shares to be delivered to or withheld by the Company times the Fair Market Value of such shares or such other formula as may be approved by the Board or Compensation Committee pursuant to the Plan shall equal the cash required to be withheld. 
 
 21. Notice to the Company of Disqualifying Disposition. Each employee who receives an ISO must agree to notify the Company in writing immediately after the employee makes a Disqualifying Disposition of any Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an ISO. If the employee has died before such stock is sold, the holding periods requirements of the Disqualifying Disposition do not apply and no Disqualifying Disposition can occur thereafter. 
 
 22. Continued Employment . The grant of a Stock Right pursuant to the Plan shall not be construed to imply or to constitute evidence of any agreement, express or implied, on the part of the Company or any Related Corporation to retain the grantee in the employ of the Company or a Related Corporation, as a member of the Company s Board or in any other capacity, whichever the case may be. 

23. Governing Law; Construction . The validity and construction of the Plan and the instruments evidencing Stock Rights shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. In construing this Plan, the singular shall include the plural and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 
 24. (a) Forfeiture of Stock Rights Granted to Employees or Consultants . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, and unless otherwise provided for in a Stock Rights Agreement, all vested or unvested Stock Rights granted to employees or consultants shall be immediately forfeited at the discretion of the Board if any of the following events occur: 
 
 (1) Termination of the relationship with the grantee for cause including, but not limited to, fraud, theft, dishonesty and violation of Company policy; 
 
 (2) Purchasing or selling securities of the Company in violation of the Company s insider trading guidelines then in effect; 
 
 (3) Breaching any duty of confidentiality including that required by the Company s insider trading guidelines then in effect; 
 
 (4) Competing with the Company; 
 
 (5) Being unavailable for consultation after leaving the Company s employment if such availability is a condition of any agreement between the Company and the grantee; 
 
 (6) Recruitment of Company personnel after termination of employment, whether such termination is voluntary or for cause; 
 
 (7) Failure to assign any invention or technology to the Company if such assignment is a condition of employment or any other agreements between the Company and the grantee; or 
 
 (8) A finding by the Board that the grantee has acted disloyally and/or against the interests of the Company. 
 
 (b) Forfeiture of Stock Rights Granted to Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, and unless otherwise provided for in a Stock Rights Agreement, all vested or unvested Stock Rights granted to directors shall be immediately forfeited at the discretion of the Board if any of the following events occur: 
 
 (1) Purchasing or selling securities of the Company in violation of the Company s insider trading guidelines then in effect; 
 
 (2) Breaching any duty of confidentiality including that required by the Company s insider trading guidelines then in effect; 
 
 (3) Competing with the Company; 
 
 (4) Recruitment of Company personnel after ceasing to be a director; 

or 
 
 (5) A finding by the Board that the grantee has acted disloyally and/or against the interests of the Company. 
 
 The Company may impose other forfeiture restrictions which are more or less restrictive and require a return of profits from the sale of Common Stock as part of said forfeiture provisions if such forfeiture provisions and/or return of provisions are contained in a Stock Rights Agreement. 
 
 (c) Profits on the Sale of Certain Shares; Redemption . If any of the events specified in Section 24(a) or (b) of the Plan occur within one year from the date the grantee last performed services for the Company in the capacity for which the Stock Rights were granted (the Termination Date (or such longer period required by any written agreement), all profits earned from the sale of the Company s securities, including the sale of shares of Common Stock underlying the Stock Rights, during the two-year period commencing one year prior to the Termination Date shall be forfeited and immediately paid by the grantee to the Company. Further, in such event, the Company may at its option redeem shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the Stock Right by payment of the exercise price to the grantee. To the extent that another written agreement with the Company extends the events in Section 24(a) or (b) beyond one year following the Termination Date, the two-year period shall be extended by an equal number of days. The Company s rights under this Section 24(c) do not lapse one year form the Termination Date but are contract rights subject to any appropriate statutory limitation period. 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.38>
 3
 giga-ex10_38.htm
 EX-10.38

EX-10.38 

Execution Copy 
 Exhibit 10.38 
 EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 
 
 This EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), is dated as of December 31, 2022, by and between Giga-tronics Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), and BitNile Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Holder ). 
 
 WHEREAS: 
 
 A. The Holder is the owner, beneficially and of record, a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note due February 14, 2023 in the principal face amount of 4,250,000 dated September 8, 2022 (the Prior Note ); 

B. In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 8, 2022 providing for the Holder s purchase of the Original Note, the Holder and the Company also entered into a security agreement and a registration rights agreement, each dated of even date therewith; 

C.	The Company and the Holder desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, the Holder shall exchange (i) the Prior Note for a new promissory note in the principal amount of 4,382,740 due December 31, 2024 (the Exchange Note ), which Exchange Note is attached hereto as Exhibit A , (ii) the original Security Agreement by and between the Holder, the Company and the other signatory thereto dated September 8, 2022 (the Prior Security Agreement for a new security agreement (the Exchange Security Agreement ), which Exchange Security Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit B , and (iii) the original Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Holder and the Company dated September 8, 2022 (the Prior Registration Rights Agreement and with the Prior Note and the Prior Security Agreement, the Prior Instruments for a new registration rights agreement (the Exchange Registration Rights Agreement and with the Exchange Note and the Exchange Security Agreement, the Exchange Instruments ), which Exchange Registration Rights Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit C ; 
 
 D.	The exchange of the Prior Note for the Exchange Note is being made in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and 
 
 E.	In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth below: 
 
 Affiliate means, as to any person (the Person ), any other Person (a) that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls or is controlled by, or is under direct or indirect common control with, the subject Person, (b) that directly or indirectly beneficially owns or holds ten percent (10 or more of any class of voting equity of the subject Person, or (c) ten percent (10 or more of the voting equity of which is directly or indirectly beneficially owned or held by the subject Person. For the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, through representation on such Person s board of directors or other management committee or group, by contract or otherwise. 
 
 Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 
 
 Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 
 
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, no par value per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Liens means a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 
 
 Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTC QX or the OTC QB (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual promises hereinafter set forth, the Company and the Holder hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Exchange of Prior Instruments . On the date hereof, the Holder and the Company shall exchange: (i) the Prior Note for the Exchange Note pursuant to Rule 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and (ii) each other Prior Instrument for each other Exchange Instrument, in each case, without the payment of any additional consideration (the Exchange ), as follows: 

(a) Delivery . In exchange for the Prior Instruments, on the date hereof the Company shall issue to the Holder the Exchange Instruments. Promptly following the delivery of the Exchange Instruments to the Holder, the Prior Instruments shall be cancelled and be of no further force or effect. 

(b) Mutual Release . Effective as of the time of consummation of the Exchange, each party hereto, on behalf of itself and its affiliates (collectively, the Releasing Parties ), hereby unconditionally releases and forever discharges the other party hereto, including, but not limited to, all of such other party's present and former subsidiaries, affiliate companies, shareholders, officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents, from any and all causes of action demands claims contracts, encumbrances, liabilities, obligations, expenses, losses, and rights of every nature and description, whether arising or pleaded in law or in equity, under contract, statute, tort or otherwise, whether known or unknown, whether accrued, potential, inchoate, liquidated, contingent or actual, asserted or that might have been asserted Claims which the Releasing Parties now have, have ever had or may hereafter have, accruing or arising contemporaneously with, or before the date hereof, based upon or arising out of the Prior Note. For the avoidance of doubt, this mutual release shall not release any Releasing Party of its obligations, if any, under this Agreement, under the Exchange Note or any other agreement by and between the Company and the Holder. 

(c) Other Documents . The Company and the Holder shall execute and/or deliver such other documents and agreements as are customary and reasonably necessary to effectuate the Exchange. 

2. Representations and Warranties. 

(a) Holder Representations and Warranties . The Holder hereby represents and warrants to the Company that, as of the date hereof, the Holder is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Prior Instruments and will transfer and deliver to the Company at the Closing valid title to the Prior Instruments, free from preemptive or similar rights, taxes, liens (other than Permitted Liens (as defined in the Security Agreement), charges and other encumbrances. 

(b)	 Company Representations and Warranties . 
 
 (i) Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(b), the Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Exchange Instruments. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Holder that, as of the date hereof, the Exchange Instruments and the issuance of the Exchange Instruments have been duly authorized and upon issuance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Exchange Instruments, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Exchange Note will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights, taxes, Liens (other than Permitted Liens), charges and other encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof. The Exchange Note shall be issued with the restrictive legend prescribed by the Securities Act. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the 

2 

transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the shares upon conversion of the Exchange Instruments will not (i) result in a violation of the articles of incorporation or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or bylaws of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) except as disclosed on Schedule 2.1(b) , conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including foreign, federal and state securities laws and applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent such violations that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as hereinafter defined) on the Company or its subsidiaries. 

(ii) 	Each of the Company and the subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any this Agreement, the Prior Instruments or any document issued in connection with this Agreement or the Exchange Instruments (collectively the Transaction Documents ), (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. 
 
 (ii) The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 

(iv)	The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company s Common Stock is quoted on a Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. 
 
 3. Covenants . 

(a) Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information . On or before 9:30 a.m., New York time, on the first (1 st Business Day following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing all the material terms of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in the form required by the Exchange Act, as amended and attaching the form of this Agreement (including all attachments, the 8-K Filing ). From and after the issuance of the 8-K Filing, the Company shall have disclosed all material, non-public information (if any) delivered to the Holder by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. In addition, effective upon the issuance of 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges and 

3 

agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates on the one hand, and the Purchaser or any of its affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Purchaser, or include the name of the Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities laws and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchaser with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b). 

(b) Non-Public Information . Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the this Agreement, the Company covenants and agrees that after the date hereof, neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, will provide the Holder or its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Holder shall have executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. The Company understands and confirms that the Holder shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. 

(c) Transfer Agent . The Company covenants and agrees that it will at all times while the Exchange Note remains outstanding maintain a duly qualified independent transfer agent. 

(d) Listing of Common Stock . The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Exchange Note on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Exchange Note on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Exchange Note, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Exchange Note to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing or quotation and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. 

(e) Expenses . The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion notice delivered by the Holder), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Exchange Note to the Holder other than income and capital gains taxes of the Holder that may be incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(f) Holding Period . For the purposes of Rule 144 of the 1933 Act, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the holding period of the Exchange Note (and, upon conversion of the Exchange Note, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Exchange Note) may be tacked onto the holding period of the Prior Note. The Company agrees not to take a position contrary thereto or inconsistent with this Section 3(g) and shall bear the expense of any Rule 144 legal opinion in connection therewith. 

4. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Waivers . The waiver of a breach of this Agreement or the failure of any party hereto to exercise any right under this Agreement shall in no way constitute waiver as to future breach whether similar or dissimilar in nature or as to the exercise of any further right under this Agreement. 

(b) Amendment . This Agreement may be amended or modified only by an instrument of equal formality signed by the Parties or the duly authorized representatives of the respective Parties. 

(c) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws. Any action, suit, or proceeding arising out of, based on, or in 

4 

connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any document relating hereto or delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, any statement, certificate, or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of, or delivered to, any party hereto or thereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any breach of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or such other document, or the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby may be brought only in the state courts of the State of New York located in New York City, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and each party covenants and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such action, suit, or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of such court if it has been duly served with process, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the action, suit, or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the action, suit, or proceeding is improper, or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address sin effect for notice under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The Company and the Holder waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. 

(d) Assignment . This Agreement is not assignable except by operation of law. 

(e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed, shall constitute an original copy hereof, but all of which together shall consider but one and the same document. 

[Signature Page Follows] 
 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Holder and the Company have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 

By:	 			 
 Name:	Jonathan Read 
 Title:	Chief Executive Officer 

HOLDER 
 
 BITNILE HOLDINGS, INC. 

By:	 			 
 Name:	William Horne 
 Title:	Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-10.39>
 4
 giga-ex10_39.htm
 EX-10.39

EX-10.39 

Execution Copy 
 
 Exhibit 10.39 
 NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

Original Issue Date: December 31, 2022 
 Principal Amount: 4,382,740 

SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 DUE December 31, 2024 

THIS SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE is a validly issued Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note of Giga-tronics Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), having its principal place of business at 5990 Gleason Drive, Dublin CA 94568, designated as its Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note due December 31, 2024 (this Note ). 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to BitNile Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation or its registered assigns (the Holder ), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of 4,382,740 on December 31, 2024 (the Maturity Date or such earlier date as this Note is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Note in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Note is subject to the following additional provisions: 
 
 Section 1 .	 Definitions . For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Note, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 
 Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 
 Alternate Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e). 
 
 Announced Distribution means the proposed distribution by BitNile of 6,880,128 shares of the Company s Common Stock to BitNile s shareholders that was announced by BitNile on November 9, 2022. 
 
 Bankruptcy Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X for purposes of this definition) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within sixty (60) days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or stayed within sixty (60) calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts or (g) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(e). 

Buy-In shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(v). 
 
 Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of fifty percent (50 of the voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion of the Note), (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than fifty-one percent (51 of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Company sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than fifty-one percent (51 of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or (e) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above. 
 
 Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, no par value, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or any subsidiary which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, unit, or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 
 Conversion shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4. 
 
 Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 
 
 Conversion Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c). 
 
 Conversion Schedule means the Conversion Schedule in the form of Schedule 1 attached hereto. 
 
 Conversion Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, including without limitation, shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion or redemption of this Note, and shares of Common Stock issued and issuable in lieu of the cash payment of interest on this Note in accordance with the terms of this Note. 
 
 DTC means the Depository Trust Company. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Exchange Agreement means that certain Exchange Agreement, dated December 31, 2022 between the Company and the Holder. 
 
 Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). 
 
 Fundamental Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e). 
 
 Late Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c). 
 
 Mandatory Default Amount means the payment of one hundred twenty-five percent (125 of the outstanding principal amount of this Note and accrued and unpaid interest hereon, in addition to the payment of all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this Note. 
 	 2 

New York Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d). 
 
 Note Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b). 
 
 Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 
 
 Original Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of this Note, regardless of any transfers of any Note and regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Note provided, that for purposes of tacking under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, this term shall pursuant to the Exchange Agreement mean September 8, 2022. 
 
 Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 31, 2022 between the Company and the Holder. 
 
 Required Minimum means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the future pursuant to this Note, including any Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion in full of this Note (including Conversion Shares issuable as payment of interest on this Note), ignoring any conversion limits set forth therein, and assuming that the conversion price is at all times on and after the date of determination 100 of the then conversion price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of determination. 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d)(ii). 
 
 Spartan Financing means a proposed senior secured financing of up to 3,000,000 with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC as the placement agent on the terms and conditions described in the term sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1 of the Purchase Agreement and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof. 
 Successor Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(e). 
 
 Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 
 
 Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American; the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global Market; the Nasdaq Global Select Market; the New York Stock Exchange; any level of the OTC Markets operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. or the OTC Bulletin Board (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 
 
 VWAP means, for any security as of any period, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which such security is then traded during the period beginning on the first day of the period at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending on the last day of the period at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its Volume at Price function or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning on the first day of the period at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending on the last day of the period at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest Closing Bid Price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly Pink Sheets LLC). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such dates shall be the fair market value as reasonably determined by the Holder. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period. 
 
 Section 2.	Interest . 
 	 
 	 3 

(a) Payment of Interest in Cash . The Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate principal amount of this Note at the rate of ten percent (10 per annum, which annual interest shall be guaranteed. The Company agrees to pay the Holder 100 of such guaranteed annual interest in cash on the Closing Date. Accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable on each Conversion Date and on the Maturity Date, or as otherwise set forth herein. 

(b) Interest Calculations . Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve (12) thirty (30) calendar day periods, and shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Note (the Note Register ). 

(c) Late Fee . All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the lesser of eighteen percent (18 per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the Late Fees which shall accrue daily from the date such interest is due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full. 

(d) Voluntary Prepayment . So long as no Event of Default (as defined in Section 6(a)) hereof exists, but subject to the Holder s conversion rights set forth herein, the Company may prepay any portion of the principal amount of this Note, any accrued and unpaid interest, and any other amounts due under this Note in accordance with this Section 2(d). The Holder may continue to convert the Note from the date the Optional Prepayment Notice (as defined below) is given until the date of the prepayment. If the Company exercises its right to prepay the Note, the Company shall deliver a notice of prepayment (an Optional Prepayment Notice to the Holder of the Note at its registered address, which shall state: (1) that the Company is exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment, which shall be not more than ten (10) days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice. On the date fixed for prepayment (the Optional Prepayment Date ), the Company shall make payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in writing to the Company at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Optional Prepayment Date. If the Company exercises its right to prepay the Note at any time within the initial thirty (30) days following the Original Issue Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 105 multiplied by the principal amount of the Note then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) any other amounts due under the Note, including Late Fees, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x). If the Company exercises its right to prepay the Note at any time from the 31 st day through the 60 th day following the Original Issue Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 110 multiplied by the principal amount of the Note then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) any other amounts due under the Note, including Late Fees, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x). If the Company exercises its right to prepay the Note at any time from the 61 st day through the 90 th day following the Original Issue Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 115 multiplied by the principal amount of the Note then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) any other amounts due under the Note, including Late Fees, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x). If the Company exercises its right to prepay the Note at any time within from the 91 st day through the 120 th day following the Original Issue Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 120 multiplied by the principal amount of the Note then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) any other amounts due under the Note, including Late Fees, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x). If the Company exercises its right to prepay the Note at any time from the 121 st day through the 180 th day following the Original Issue Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 125 multiplied by the principal amount of the Note then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) any other amounts due under the Note, including Late Fees, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x). 

(e) Mandatory Prepayment . Except for any transaction set forth on Schedule 2(e) , during the term of the Note, in the event that the Company consummates a private or public offering of shares of Common Stock that is not a Qualified Public Offering (as hereinafter defined) but that results in the net proceeds (net of underwriters discounts and selling commissions) to the Company of at least 5 million (a Non-Qualified Offering ), at the election of the Holder and at any time upon ten (10) days written notice to the Holder, but subject to the Holder s conversion rights set forth in Section 4(b) hereof, the Company shall make payment to the Holder, from up to 50 of the proceeds from such Qualified Offering or from up to 25 of the proceeds of such Non-Qualified Offering, as applicable, of an amount in cash as follows: (A) if the Company is required to prepay the Note at any time within the initial thirty (30) days following the Original Issue Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 105 multiplied by the principal amount of the Note then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding principal amount to the date of mandatory prepayment (the Mandatory Prepayment Date plus (y) any other amounts due under the Note, including Late Fees, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x); (B) if the Company is required to prepay the Note at any time from the 31 st day through the 

4 

60 th day following the Original Issue Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 110 multiplied by the principal amount of the Note then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to the Mandatory Prepayment Date plus (y) any other amounts due under the Note, including Late Fees, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x); (C) if the Company is required to prepay the Note at any time from the 61 st day through the 90 th day following the Original Issue Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 115 multiplied by the principal amount of the Note then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to the Mandatory Prepayment Date plus (y) any other amounts due under the Note, including Late Fees, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x); (D) if the Company is required to prepay the Note at any time from the 91 st day through the 120 th day following the Original Issue Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 120 multiplied by the principal amount of the Note then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to the Mandatory Prepayment Date plus (y) any other amounts due under the Note, including Late Fees, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x); and (E) if the Company is required to prepay the Note at any time from the 121 st day through the 180 th day following the Original Issue Date, the Company shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 125 multiplied by the principal amount of the Note then outstanding plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Note to the Mandatory Prepayment Date plus (y) any other amounts due under the Note, including Late Fees, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x). The Holder may continue to convert the Note from the date notice of the mandatory prepayment is given until the date of the mandatory prepayment. 

Section 3.	Registration of Transfers and Exchanges . 
 
 (a) Different Denominations . This Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange. 

(b) Investment Representations . This Note has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations. 

(c) Reliance on Note Register . Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Note, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Note is duly registered on the Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Note is overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Section 4.	Conversion . 
 
 (a) Voluntary Conversion . Commencing on January 1, 2023, this Note shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (subject to the conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d) hereof). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as Annex A (each, a Notice of Conversion ), specifying therein the principal amount of this Note to be converted and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the Conversion Date ). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Note, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Note in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall maintain a Conversion Schedule showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company may deliver an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

(b) Automatic Conversion . This Note, including accrued but unpaid interest thereon (the Note Amount ), not previously converted into shares of Common Stock shall automatically, without any further action by the Holder and whether or not the Note representing such Note Amount have been surrendered to the Corporation or its transfer agent, be converted into such number of fully paid and non-assessable Conversion Shares determined by dividing the Note Amount by the then applicable Conversion Price (as hereinafter defined), upon the occurrence of: (i) the Company s consummation of a single 

5 

public offering of securities in which the Company receives net proceeds (net of underwriters discounts and selling commissions) of at least 25 million (a Qualified Public Offering ), in which case the Conversion Price shall be the price at which the Common Stock is sold to the public, provided, however , that no underwriters discounts or selling commissions shall be imposed on such conversion, (ii) the closing of a Non-Qualified Offering, in which case the Conversion Price shall be the price at which Common Stock is sold in such Non-Qualified Offering less a twenty-five percent (25 discount or (iii) December 31, 2024, in which case the Conversion Price shall be the ten-day trailing VWAP of the shares of Common Stock on such date (the VWAP Price less a twenty-five percent (25 discount to such VWAP Price. 

(c) Conversion Price . For purposes of Section 4(a), the conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to the lesser of (i) 0.78 per share, or (ii) the VWAP Price on such date less a twenty percent (20 discount to such VWAP Price, but in no event less than 0.25 per share (the Conversion Price ). All such foregoing determinations will be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock during such measuring period. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6 hereof and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law. 

(d) Mechanics of Conversion . 

i. Conversion Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount . The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Note to be converted and any accrued and unpaid interest, including interest, to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price. 

ii. Delivery of Certificate Upon Conversion . Not later than two (2) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date ), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the Conversion Shares which, on or after the date on which such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold under Rule 144 without the need for current public information and the Company has received an opinion of counsel to such effect, which such opinion must be acceptable to the Holder in its sole and absolute discretion (which opinion the Company shall be responsible for obtaining at its sole cost and expense) shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions, representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of this Note. All certificate or certificates required to be delivered by the Company under this Section 4(c) shall be delivered electronically through the DTC or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. If the Conversion Date is prior to the date on which such Conversion Shares are eligible to be sold under Rule 144 without the need for current public information, or there is no registration statement in effect covering the Conversion Shares, the Conversion Shares shall bear a restrictive legend in the following form, as appropriate: 

THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 
 	 
 	Notwithstanding the foregoing, commencing on such date that the Conversion Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 subject to current public information requirements, the Company, upon request and at the sole cost and expense of the Company, shall obtain a legal opinion that is acceptable to the Holder in its sole and absolute discretion, to allow for such sales under Rule 144. 
 
 iii. Failure to Deliver Certificates . If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such certificate or certificates are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any original Note delivered to the 

6 

Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Common Stock certificates issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice. 

iv. Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages . The Company s obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided , however , that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this Note shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal or interest amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of this Note shall have been sought. If the injunction is not granted, the Company shall promptly comply with all conversion obligations herein. If the injunction is obtained, the Company must post a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of one hundred fifty percent (150 of the outstanding principal amount of this Note, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of seeking such injunction, the Company shall issue Conversion Shares or, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates pursuant to Section 4(d)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, 1,000 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after such Share Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6 hereof for the Company s failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law. 

v. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Conversion . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 4(d)(ii), and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Note in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 4(d)(ii). For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of this Note with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of 10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

vi. Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion . The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to four hundred percent (400 of the Required Minimum (the Reserve Amount for the sole purpose 

7 

of issuance upon conversion of this Note and payment of interest on this Note, each as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Notes). The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

vii. Fractional Shares . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Note. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share. 

viii. Transfer Taxes and Expenses . The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Note shall be made without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such certificates, provided that, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Note so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion. 

(e) Holder s Conversion Limitations . The Company shall not effect any conversion of principal and/or interest of this Note, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any principal and/or interest of this Note, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, any other Notes) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 4(e) applies, the determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which principal amount of this Note is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holder s determination of whether this Note may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and which principal amount of this Note is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 4(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company, or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder. The Holder, upon not less than sixty-one (61) days prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(e) shall continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the sixty-first (61 st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise 

8 

than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. 

Section 5.	Certain Adjustments . 
 
 (a) Stock Dividends and Stock Splits . If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of, or payment of interest on, this Note), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re classification. 

(b) Subsequent Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). This provision shall not apply with respect to the Spartan Financing. 

(c) Pro Rata Distributions . Other than in connection with the Announced Distribution, while this Note is outstanding, the Company shall not declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution . In the event that the Note is repaid at the time of such Distribution, the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution. If the Holder and the Company mutually agree, and the Note is not repaid at the time of such Distribution, then the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Note (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution provided , however , to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

(d) Fundamental Transaction . If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 

9 

fifty percent (50 or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (v) the Company , directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(e) on the conversion of this Note), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(e) on the conversion of this Note). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and any document ancillary hereto, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Note, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Note immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. For avoidance of doubt, the Announced Distribution will not be deemed to be a Fundamental Transaction. 

(e) Calculations . All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding. 

(f) Notice to the Holder . 

i. Adjustment to Conversion Price . Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of Section 5(a), the Company shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is 

10 

converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Note, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Note Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Note during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

(g) Subsequent Equity Sales; Variable Rate Transactions; Other . 

i. So long as this Note remains outstanding, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, amend, modify, waiver or alter any terms of conditions of any Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date hereof to decrease the exercise, conversion and/or exchange price, as applicable, thereunder or otherwise increase the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issuable in connection therewith (other than pursuant to anti-dilution terms and conditions applicable to such Common Stock Equivalents in effect as of the date hereof and disclosed in filings of the Company with the Commission prior to the date hereof). 

ii. Other than in connection with the Spartan Financing, so long as this Note remains outstanding, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional Common Stock either (i) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (ii) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock (other than pursuant to terms and conditions applicable to such Common Stock Equivalents in effect as of the date hereof and disclosed in filings of the Company with the Commission prior to the date hereof). 

iii. So long as this Note remains outstanding, the Company shall, in the absence of the Holder s prior written consent, be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving an equity line of credit, at-the-market offering (as defined in SEC Rule 415) or similarly structured transaction, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. 

iv. Other than in connection with the Spartan Financing, so long as this Note is outstanding, the Company shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act. 

v. The Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance in this Section 5(g) (without the need for the posting of any bond or similar item, which the Company hereby expressly and irrevocably waives the requirement for), which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. 

(h) Most Favored Nation Status . From the date hereof through the date that no Notes are outstanding, in the event that the Company issues or sells any notes, if the Purchaser then holding Notes reasonably believes that the terms and conditions appurtenant to such issuance or sale provide anti-dilution or other full-ratchet protective provisions to such investors that were not granted to the Purchaser hereunder, upon notice to the Company by such Purchaser within five (5) Trading Days after the Company s disclosure of such issuance or sale, the Company shall amend the terms of the Notes as to such Purchaser only, so 

11 

as to give such Purchaser the benefit of such anti-dilution or other full-ratchet protective provisions. This provision shall not apply to the Spartan Financing. 

Section 6.	Events of Default . 
 
 (a) Event of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): 

i. any default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of this Note or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing to a Holder on this Note, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which default is not cured within seven (7) Trading Days; 

ii. the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, provision, or agreement contained in this Note (and other than a breach by the Company of its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach is addressed in clause (ix) below) which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) seven (7) Trading Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) ten (10) Trading Days after the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure; 

iii. a material default or material event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument) shall occur under any of the Transaction Documents; 

iv. any representation or warranty made in this Note, any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto, any other agreement, contract, lease, document or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (including those covered by clause (vi) below), or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made; 

v. the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event; 

vi. the Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an obligation greater than 50,000 whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable; 

vii. the Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume listing or quotation for trading thereon within seven (7) Trading Days; 

viii. the Company does not meet the current public information requirements under Rule 144, which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within seven (7) Trading Days after the expiration of the applicable grace period permitted under Rule 12b-25 of the Exchange Act, further provided that the Company files a Form 12b-25 for the relevant report required to meet the current public information requirements under Rule 144; 

ix. the Company shall fail for any reason to deliver certificates to a Holder prior to the seventh (7 th Trading Day after a Conversion Date pursuant to Section 4(d), or the Company shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, of the Company s intention to not honor requests for conversions of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof; 

x. the Company fails to file with the Commission any required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act such that it is not in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable), which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within seven (7) Trading Days after the expiration of the applicable grace period permitted under Rule 12b-25 of the Exchange Act, further provided that the Company files a Form 12b-25 for such report; 

12 

xi. the Company or any Subsidiary shall: (A) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of it or any of its properties; (B) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature; (C) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (D) be adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent or be the subject of an order for relief under Title 11 of the United States Code or any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law or statute of any other jurisdiction or foreign country; or (E) file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or a petition or an answer seeking reorganization or an arrangement with creditors or to take advantage or any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law or statute, or an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any proceeding under any such law, or (F) take or permit to be taken any action in furtherance of or for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

xii. if any order, judgment or decree shall be entered, without the application, approval or consent of the Company or any Subsidiary, by any court of competent jurisdiction, approving a petition seeking liquidation or reorganization of the Company or any Subsidiary, or appointing a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of the Company or any Subsidiary, or of all or any substantial part of its assets, and such order, judgment or decree shall continue unstayed and in effect for any period of sixty (60) days; 

xiii. the occurrence of any levy upon or seizure or attachment of, or any uninsured loss of or damage to, any property of the Company or any Subsidiary having an aggregate fair value or repair cost (as the case may be) in excess of 250,000 individually or in the aggregate, and any such levy, seizure or attachment shall not be set aside, bonded or discharged within thirty (30) days after the date thereof; 

xiv. the Company shall fail to maintain the Reserve Amount and such failure is not cured within seven (7) Trading Days; 

xv. any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective property or other assets for more than 50,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of forty-five (45) calendar days; 

xvi. the Company shall fail to respond to any comments from the principal Trading Market regarding approval of the sale and issuance of the Conversion Shares within five (5) Trading Days of receipt of such comments; 

xvii. the Company shall fail to obtain all necessary approvals of the sale and issuance of the Conversion Shares consistent with the rules and regulations of the principal Trading Market within twenty-five (25) days of the Closing Date; 

xviii. the Company shall fail to file the Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) within twenty-one (21) days after the Closing Date; or 

xix. the Company shall fail to register the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) within ninety (90) days of the Closing Date on a registration statement declared effective by the Commission in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement. 

(b) Remedies Upon Event of Default . Subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation as set forth in Section 4(e), if any Event of Default occurs, then the outstanding principal amount of this Note, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holder s election, immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount. After the occurrence of any Event of Default that results in the eventual acceleration of this Note, the interest rate on this Note shall accrue at an additional interest rate equal to the lesser of one and one-half percent (1.5 per month (eighteen percent (18.0 per annum) or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Upon the payment in full of the Mandatory Default Amount, the Holder shall promptly surrender this Note to or as directed by the Company. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind (other than the Holder s election to declare such acceleration), and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Note until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 6(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

Section 7.	Negative Covenants 
 	 13 

The Company shall not, whether directly or indirectly, by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise, and shall not permit any Subsidiary, to: 
 
 (a)	in any manner alter or change the powers or rights of the shares of Common Stock; 
 
 (b)	set aside assets for a sinking or other similar fund for the purchase, redemption, or retirement of, or redeem, purchase, retire, or otherwise acquire any shares of the Common Stock or of any other capital stock of the Company, whether now or hereafter outstanding; except for the repurchase from employees of the Company, pursuant to the provisions of the Company s stock option plan, upon such employees termination of employment with the Company, of shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to stock option exercises by or underlying stock option grants to such employees pursuant to the terms of stock option agreements between the Company and such employees; 
 
 (c)	take any action to amend, modify, alter or repeal any provision of its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws which would have an adverse effect on the shares of Common Stock taken as a whole; 
 
 (d)	take any action to alter the number of members of the Board, or designate classes of directors other than as required by the federal securities laws or the rules of any market on which the Company s securities are listed; 
 
 (e)	other than in connection with the Announced Distribution, take any action to effect or permit, or offer or agree to effect or permit, a liquidation, or a Change of Control Transaction, of the Company or any material Subsidiary; 
 
 (f)	discontinue the businesses in which it or any material Subsidiary is engaged as of the Closing Date; 
 
 (g)	enter into or permit any Subsidiary to enter into any transaction with any of the Company's officers, directors or employees or any Person directly or indirectly controlled by or under common control with the Company or any of its officers, directors or employees (a Related Party including, without limitation, any transaction for the purchase, sale or exchange of property or the rendering of any service to or by any Related Party, except for transactions entered into in the ordinary course with employees (excluding the principal stockholders or their affiliates) that are approved by the Board including the unanimous approval of the independent members thereof; 
 
 (h)	except in connection with Permitted Indebtedness(as defined in the Security Agreement), incur indebtedness for borrowed money, purchase money indebtedness or lease obligations that would be required to be capitalized on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or guaranty the obligations of any other Person, in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding in excess of 1,000,000 in any individual transaction or 2,500,000 in the aggregate; or 
 (i)	enter into an agreement to do any of the things described in clauses (a) through (h) of this Section 7. 
 
 Section 8.	Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email or facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company at 5990 Gleason Drive, Dublin, CA 94568 or such other address, facsimile number, or email address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 8(a). Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email or facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address, facsimile number, or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such email address, facsimile number, or address appears on the books of the Company, at the principal place of business of such Holder. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email at the facsimile number or email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email at the facsimile number or email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. 

14 

(b) Absolute Obligation . Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable, on this Note at the time, place, and rate.	 

(c) Lost or Mutilated Note . If this Note shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Note, a new Note for the principal amount of this Note so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Note, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company. 

(d) Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the New York Courts ). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

(e) Waiver . Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of the Company or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Note on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing. 

(f) Amendments . The prior written consent of 50.1 in interest of the Holders, which shall be calculated based on the principal amount of all Notes outstanding at the time of such consent, shall be required for any change or amendment to the Notes. 

(g) Severability . If any provision of this Note is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted. 

(h) Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holder s right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument 

15 

other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Company s compliance with the terms and conditions of this Note. 

(i) Next Business Day . Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. 

(j) Payment of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs . If (i) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note or (ii) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors' rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees and disbursements. 

(k) Headings . The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 
 
 	 16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated. 

GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 

By: __________________________________________ Name: Jonathan Read Title: Chief Executive Officer Facsimile No. for delivery of Notices: 

17 

ANNEX A 
 
 NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, due December 31, 2024 of Giga-tronics Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), into shares of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock ), according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance therewith. No fee will be charged to the holder for any conversion, except for such transfer taxes, if any. 
 
 	By the delivery of this Notice of Conversion, the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that its ownership of the Common Stock does not exceed the amounts specified under Section 4 of this Note, as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 	The undersigned agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Conversion calculations:			 
 
 Date to Effect Conversion: 
 
 Principal Amount of Note to be Converted: 
 
 Payment of Interest in Common Stock __ Yes __ No 
 
 If Yes, _____ of Interest Accrued on Account of Conversion at Issue. 
 	 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued: 

Signature: 
 	 
 Name: 
 	 
 					Delivery Instructions: 

18 

Schedule 1 
 
 CONVERSION SCHEDULE 
 
 This Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, due December 31, 2024, in the original principal amount of 4,382,740 is issued by Giga-tronics Incorporated, a California corporation. This Conversion Schedule reflects conversions made under Section 4 of the above referenced Note. 
 
 Dated: 

Date of Conversion (or for first entry, Original Issue Date) 
 Amount of Conversion 
 Aggregate Principal Amount Remaining Subsequent to Conversion (or original Principal Amount) 
 Company Attest 

19 

Schedule 2(e) 
 Mandatory Prepayment 

20 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.40>
 5
 giga-ex10_40.htm
 EX-10.40

EX-10.40 

Execution Copy 
 
 Exhibit 10.40 
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 This SECURITY AGREEMENT , dated as of December 31, 2022 (this Agreement ), is by and among Giga-tronics Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), any subsidiary of the Company that is a signatory hereto either now joined or joined in the future (such subsidiaries, the Guarantors and, together with the Company, the Debtors and the holder of the Company s Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note due December 31, 2024 (the Note in the principal amount of 4,382,740 signatory hereto, its endorsees, transferees and assigns (collectively, the Secured Lender ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of even date herewith, by and among the Company and the Secured Lender (the Exchange Agreement ), the Secured Lender has agreed to exchange the promissory note dated September 8, 2022 for the Note; and together with the Note, any other securities that may be issued from time-to-time (the Securities ). 
 
 WHEREAS , in order to induce the Secured Lender to fund the Company, each Debtor has agreed to execute and deliver to the Secured Lender this Agreement and to grant the Secured Lender a security interest in certain property of such Debtor to secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of all of the Company s obligations under the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) and the obligations required by any guarantors under any guarantee that now or hereinafter may come into effect. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1.	Certain Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1. Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement that are defined in Article 9 of the UCC (such as account, chattel paper, commercial tort claim, deposit account, document, equipment, fixtures, general intangibles, goods, instruments, inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, proceeds and supporting obligations shall have the respective meanings given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC. 
 
 (a)	 Collateral means the collateral in which the Secured Lender is granted a security interest by this Agreement and which shall comprise all the assets of Debtors, including, without limitation, the following personal property of the Debtors, whether presently owned or existing or hereafter acquired or coming into existence, wherever situated, and all additions and accessions thereto and all substitutions and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products and accounts thereof, including, without limitation, all proceeds from the sale or transfer of the Collateral and of insurance covering the same and of any tort claims in connection therewith, and all dividends, interest, cash, notes, securities, equity interest or other property at any time and from time to time acquired, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any or all of the Pledged Securities (as defined below): 
 
 (i)	All goods, including, without limitation, (A) all machinery, equipment, computers, motor vehicles, trucks, tanks, boats, ships, appliances, furniture, special and general tools, fixtures, test and quality control devices and other equipment of every kind and nature and wherever situated, together with all documents of title and documents representing the same, all additions and accessions thereto, replacements therefor, all parts therefor, and all substitutes for any of the foregoing and all other items used and useful in connection with any Debtor s businesses and all improvements thereto; and (B) all inventory; 
 
 (ii)	All contract rights and other general intangibles, including, without limitation, all partnership interests, membership interests, stock or other securities, rights under any of the Organizational Documents, agreements related to the Pledged Securities, licenses, distribution and other agreements, computer software (whether off-the-shelf, licensed from any third party or developed by any Debtor), computer software development rights, leases, franchises, customer lists, quality control procedures, grants and rights, goodwill, Intellectual Property and income tax refunds; 
 
 (iii)	All accounts, together with all instruments, all documents of title representing any of the foregoing, all rights in any merchandising, goods, equipment, motor vehicles and trucks which any of the same may represent, and all right, title, security and guaranties with respect to each account, including any right of stoppage in transit; 
 
 (iv)	All documents, letter-of-credit rights, instruments and chattel paper; 
 
 (v)	All commercial tort claims; 
 
 1 

Execution Copy 
 
 (vi)	All deposit accounts and all cash (whether or not deposited in such deposit accounts); 
 
 (vii)	All investment property; 
 
 (viii) 	All supporting obligations; 
 
 (ix)	All files, records, books of account, business papers, and computer programs; and 
 
 (x)	the products and proceeds of all of the foregoing Collateral set forth in clauses (i)-(ix) above. 
 
 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral shall include all investment property and any other shares of capital stock and/or other equity interests of any Guarantor obtained in the future, and, in each case, all certificates representing such shares and/or equity interests and, in each case, all rights, options, warrants, stock, other securities and/or equity interests that may hereafter be received, receivable or distributed in respect of, or exchanged for, any of the foregoing and all rights arising under or in connection with the Pledged Securities, including, but not limited to, all dividends, interest and cash. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute an assignment of any asset which, in the event of an assignment, becomes void by operation of applicable law or the assignment of which is otherwise prohibited by applicable law (in each case to the extent that such applicable law is not overridden by Sections 9-406, 9-407 and/or 9-408 of the UCC or other similar applicable law); provided , however , that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in such asset and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in the proceeds of such asset. 
 
 (b)	 Intellectual Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including, without limitation, (i) all copyrights arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including, without limitation, all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Copyright Office, (ii) all letters patent of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, all reissues and extensions thereof, and all applications for letters patent of the United States or any other country and all divisions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, (iii) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade dress, service marks, logos, domain names and other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, whether in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, or otherwise, and all common law rights related thereto, (iv) all trade secrets arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, (v) all rights to obtain any reissues, renewals or extensions of the foregoing, (vi) all licenses for any of the foregoing, and (vii) all causes of action for infringement of the foregoing. 
 
 (c)	[Reserved.] 
 
 (d)	 Necessary Endorsement means undated stock powers endorsed in blank or other proper instruments of assignment duly executed and such other instruments or documents as the Secured Lender (as that term is defined below) may reasonably request. 
 
 (e)	 Obligations means all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of any Debtor to the Secured Lender pursuant to this Agreement, the Securities, the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement), and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, in each case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Secured Lender as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, interest, and any other amounts owed on the Note as set forth in the Note; (ii) any and all obligations due under the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement), (iii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Debtors from time to time under or in connection with this Agreement, the Securities, the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith; and (iv) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition 
 2 

Execution Copy 
 
 interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving any Debtor. 
 
 (f)	 Organizational Documents means, with respect to any Debtor, the documents by which such Debtor was organized (such as articles of incorporation, certificate of incorporation, certificate of limited partnership or articles of organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and which relate to the internal governance of such Debtor (such as bylaws, a partnership agreement or an operating, limited liability or members agreement). 
 
 (g) 	 Permitted Indebtedness means (i) indebtedness evidenced by the Note and the Secured Note (ii) indebtedness existing as of the closing date, (iii) intercompany indebtedness, (iv) indebtedness for intercompany loans, (v) indebtedness in an amount not to exceed 100,000, and (vi) indebtedness in connection with the Spartan Financing. 
 
 (h)	 Permitted Liens means the following: 
 
 (i)	Liens imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in good faith, which in each case, have been appropriately reserved for; 
 (ii)	Carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in good faith; 
 (iii)	Pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations; 
 (iv)	Deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business;	 
 (v)	Liens under this Agreement; 
 (vii) 	liens in favor of lenders in connection with the Note and the Secured Note; and 
 (vi)	Any other liens in favor of the Secured Lender. 
 (i)	 Pledged Interests shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(j). 
 
 (j)	 Pledged Securities shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(i). 
 
 (k)	 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York and any other applicable law of any state or states that has jurisdiction with respect to all, or any portion of, the Collateral or this Agreement, from time to time. It is the intent of the parties that defined terms in the UCC should be construed in their broadest sense so that the term Collateral will be construed in its broadest sense. Accordingly, if there are, from time to time, changes to defined terms in the UCC that broaden the definitions, they are incorporated herein and if existing definitions in the UCC are broader than the amended definitions, the existing ones shall be controlling. 
 
 2.	Grant of Security Interest in Collateral . As an inducement for the Secured Lender to fund the Company and to secure the complete and timely payment, performance and discharge in full, as the case may be, of all of the Obligations, each Debtor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably pledges, grants and hypothecates to the Secured Lender a perfected, first priority security interest in and to, a lien upon and a right of set-off against all of their respective right, title and interest of whatsoever kind and nature in and to, the Collateral (a Security Interest and, collectively, the Security Interests ). 
 
 3.	Delivery of Certain Collateral . Within ten (10) days after the execution of this Agreement, each Debtor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Secured Lender (a) any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (b) any and all certificates and other instruments or documents representing any of the other Collateral, in each case, together with all Necessary Endorsements. The Debtors are, contemporaneously with the execution hereof, delivering to Secured Lender, or have previously delivered to Secured Lender, a true and correct copy of each Organizational Document governing any of the Pledged Securities. 
 3 

Execution Copy 

4.	Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Agreements of the Debtors . Except as set forth under the corresponding Section of the disclosure schedules delivered to the Secured Lender concurrently herewith (the Disclosure Schedules ), which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof, each Debtor represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with, the Secured Lender as follows: 
 
 (a)	Each Debtor has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other power and authority to enter into this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by each Debtor of this Agreement and the filings contemplated therein have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Debtor and no further action is required by such Debtor. This Agreement has been duly executed by each Debtor. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Debtor, enforceable against each Debtor in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and by general principles of equity. 
 
 (b)	The Debtors have no place of business or offices where their respective books of account and records are kept (other than temporarily at the offices of its attorneys or accountants) or places where Collateral is stored or located, except as set forth on Schedule A attached hereto. Except as specifically set forth on Schedule A , each Debtor is the record owner of the real property where such Collateral is located, and there exist no mortgages or other liens on any such real property except for Permitted Liens as set forth on Schedule A . Except as disclosed on Schedule A , none of such Collateral is in the possession of any consignee, bailee, warehouseman, agent or processor. 
 
 (c)	Except for Permitted Liens and as set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, the Debtors are the sole owners of the Collateral (except for non-exclusive licenses granted by any Debtor in the ordinary course of business), free and clear of any liens, security interests, encumbrances, rights or claims, and are fully authorized to grant the Security Interests. Except as set forth on Schedule C attached hereto, there is not on file in any governmental or regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective financing statement, security agreement, license or transfer or any notice of any of the foregoing (other than those that will be filed in favor of the Secured Lender pursuant to this Agreement) covering or affecting any of the Collateral. Except as set forth on Schedule C attached hereto and except pursuant to this Agreement, as long as this Agreement shall be in effect, the Debtors shall not execute and shall not knowingly permit to be on file in any such office or agency any other financing statement or other document or instrument (except to the extent filed or recorded in favor of the Secured Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement). 
 
 (d)	No written claim has been received that any Collateral or any Debtor s use of any Collateral violates the rights of any third party. There has been no adverse decision to any Debtor s claim of ownership rights in or exclusive rights to use the Collateral in any jurisdiction or to any Debtor s right to keep and maintain such Collateral in full force and effect, and there is no proceeding involving said rights pending or, to the best knowledge of any Debtor, threatened before any court, judicial body, administrative or regulatory agency, arbitrator or other governmental authority. 
 
 (e)	Each Debtor shall at all times maintain its books of account and records relating to the Collateral at its principal place of business and its Collateral at the locations set forth on Schedule A attached hereto and may not relocate such books of account and records or tangible Collateral unless it delivers to the Secured Lender at least thirty (30) days prior to such relocation (i) written notice of such relocation and the new location thereof (which must be within the United States) and (ii) evidence that appropriate financing statements under the UCC and other necessary documents have been filed and recorded and other steps have been taken to perfect the Security Interests to create in favor of the Secured Lender a valid, perfected and continuing perfected first priority lien in the Collateral. 
 
 (f)	This Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Lender a valid first priority security interest in the Collateral, subject only to Permitted Liens, securing the payment and performance of the Obligations. Upon making the filings described in the immediately following paragraph, all security interests created hereunder in any Collateral which may be perfected by filing Uniform Commercial Code financing statements shall have been duly perfected. Except for (i) the filing of the Uniform Commercial Code financing statements referred to in the immediately following paragraph, (ii) the recordation of the Intellectual Property Security Agreement (as defined in Section 4(p) hereof) with respect to copyrights and copyright applications in the United States Copyright Office referred to in paragraph (mm), (iii) the recordation of the Intellectual Property Security Agreement (as defined in Section 4(p) hereof) with respect to patents and trademarks of the Debtors in the United States Patent and Trademark Office referred to in paragraph (oo), (iv) the execution and delivery of deposit account control agreements satisfying the requirements of Section 9-104(a)(2) of the UCC with respect to each deposit account of the Debtors, (v) if there is any investment property or deposit account included as Collateral that can be perfected by control through an account control agreement, the execution and delivery of securities account control agreements satisfying the requirements of 9-106 of the UCC with respect to each such investment property of the Debtors, and (vi) the delivery of the certificates and other instruments provided in Section 3, Section 4(aa) and Section 4(cc), no action is necessary to create, 
 4 

Execution Copy 
 
 perfect or protect the security interests created hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for the foregoing, no consent of any third parties and no authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for (x) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, (y) the creation or perfection of the Security Interests created hereunder in the Collateral or (z) the enforcement of the rights of the Secured Lender and the Secured Lender hereunder. 
 
 (g)	Each Debtor hereby authorizes the Secured Lender to file one or more financing statements under the UCC, with respect to the Security Interests, with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction reasonably deemed proper by it. 
 
 (h)	The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Debtors does not (i) violate any of the provisions of any Organizational Documents of any Debtor or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator or any applicable law, rule or regulation applicable to any Debtor or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing any Debtor s debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which any Debtor is a party or by which any property or asset of any Debtor is bound or affected. If any, all required consents (including, without limitation, from stockholders or creditors of any Debtor) necessary for any Debtor to enter into and perform its obligations hereunder have been obtained. 
 
 (i)	The capital stock and other equity interests listed on Schedule H hereto (the Pledged Securities represent all capital stock and other equity interests of the Guarantors and represent all capital stock and other equity interests owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. All of the Pledged Securities are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the Company is the legal and beneficial owner of the Pledged Securities, free and clear of any lien, security interest or other encumbrance except for the security interests created by this Agreement and other Permitted Liens. 
 
 (j)	Except as set forth on Schedule J , the ownership and other equity interests in partnerships and limited liability companies (if any) included in the Collateral (the Pledged Interests by their express terms provide that they are securities governed by Article 8 of the UCC. 
 
 (k)	Except for Permitted Liens, each Debtor shall at all times maintain the liens and Security Interests provided for hereunder as valid and perfected, first priority liens and security interests in the Collateral in favor of the Secured Lender until this Agreement and the Security Interest hereunder shall be terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof. Each Debtor hereby agrees to defend the same against the claims of any and all persons and entities. Each Debtor shall safeguard and protect all Collateral for the account of the Secured Lender. At the request of the Secured Lender, each Debtor will sign and deliver to the Secured Lender at any time or from time to time one or more financing statements pursuant to the UCC in form reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Lender and will pay the cost of filing the same in all public offices wherever filing is, or is deemed by the Secured Lender to be, necessary or desirable to effect the rights and obligations provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Debtor shall pay all fees, taxes and other amounts necessary to maintain the Collateral and the Security Interests hereunder, and each Debtor shall obtain and furnish to the Secured Lender from time to time, upon demand, such releases and/or subordinations of claims and liens which may be required to maintain the priority of the Security Interests hereunder. 
 
 (l)	No Debtor will transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, license, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral (except for non-exclusive licenses granted by a Debtor in its ordinary course of business, sales of inventory by a Debtor in its ordinary course of business and the replacement of worn-out or obsolete equipment by a Debtor in its ordinary course of business) without the prior written consent of the Secured Lender. 
 
 (m)	Each Debtor shall keep and preserve its equipment, inventory and other tangible Collateral in good condition, repair and order and shall not operate or locate any such Collateral (or cause to be operated or located) in any area excluded from insurance coverage. 
 
 (n)	Each Debtor shall maintain with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to the Collateral, including Collateral hereafter acquired, against loss or damage of the kinds and in the amounts customarily insured against by entities of established reputation having similar properties similarly situated and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by other such entities and otherwise as is prudent for entities engaged in similar businesses but in any event sufficient to cover the full replacement cost thereof. If no Event of Default (as defined in the Note exists and if the proceeds arising out of any claim or series of related claims do not exceed 100,000, loss payments in each instance will be applied by the applicable Debtor to the repair and/or replacement of property with respect to which the loss was incurred to the extent reasonably feasible, and any loss payments or the balance thereof remaining, to the extent not so applied, shall be payable to the applicable Debtor; provided , however , that payments received by any Debtor after an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) or an Event of Default occurs and is 
 5 

Execution Copy 
 
 continuing or in excess of 100,000 for any occurrence or series of related occurrences, upon approval by Secured Lender, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, denied or conditioned, loss payments in each instance will be applied by the applicable Debtor to the repair and/or replacement of property with respect to which the loss was incurred to the extent reasonably feasible, and any loss payments or the balance thereof remaining, to the extent not so applied, shall be paid to the Secured Lender on behalf of the Secured Lender and, if received by such Debtor, shall be held in trust for the Secured Lender and immediately paid over to the Secured Lender unless otherwise directed in writing by the Secured Lender. Copies of such policies or the related certificates, in each case, naming the Secured Lender as lender-loss-payee and additional insured shall be delivered to the Secured Lender at least annually and at the time any new policy of insurance is issued. 
 
 (o)	Each Debtor shall, within ten (10) days of obtaining knowledge thereof, advise the Secured Lender, in sufficient detail, of any material adverse change in the Collateral, and of the occurrence of any event that would have a material adverse effect on the value of the Collateral or on the Secured Lender security interest, through the Secured Lender, therein. 
 
 (p)	Each Debtor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Secured Lender such further deeds, mortgages, assignments, security agreements, financing statements or other instruments, documents, certificates and assurances and take such further action as the Secured Lender may from time to time request and may in its sole discretion deem necessary to perfect, protect or enforce the Secured Lender security interest in the Collateral. 
 
 (q)	Upon reasonable prior notice (so long as no Event of Default (as defined in the Note) or a breach under any of the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) has occurred or continuing, which in either such event, no prior notice is required), each Debtor shall permit the Secured Lender and its representatives and agents to inspect the Collateral during normal business hours and to make copies of records pertaining to the Collateral as may be reasonably requested by the Secured Lender from time to time. 
 
 (r)	Each Debtor shall take all steps reasonably necessary to diligently pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights, claims, causes of action and accounts receivable in respect of the Collateral. 
 
 (s)	Each Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Lender in sufficient detail upon becoming aware of any attachment, garnishment, execution or other legal process levied against any Collateral and of any other information received by such Debtor that may materially affect the value of the Collateral, the Security Interest or the rights and remedies of the Secured Lender hereunder. 
 
 (t)	All information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the Secured Lender by or on behalf of any Debtor with respect to the Collateral is accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date furnished. 
 
 (u)	The Debtors shall at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect their respective valid existence and good standing and any rights and franchises material to its business. 
 
 (v)	No Debtor will change its name, type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number (if it has one), legal or corporate structure, or identity, or add any new fictitious name unless it provides at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Secured Lender of such change and, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement. 
 
 (w)	Except in the ordinary course of business, no Debtor may consign any of its inventory or sell any of its inventory on bill-and-hold, sale-or-return, sale-on-approval, or other conditional terms of sale without the consent of the Secured Lender, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, denied, or conditioned. 
 
 (x)	No Debtor may relocate its chief executive office to a new location without providing thirty (30) days prior written notification thereof to the Secured Lender and so long as, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement. 
 
 (y)	Each Debtor was organized and remains organized solely under the laws of the state set forth next to such Debtor s name in Schedule D attached hereto, which Schedule D sets forth each Debtor s organizational identification number or, if any Debtor does not have one, states that one does not exist. 
 
 6 

Execution Copy 
 
 (z)	(i) The actual name of each Debtor is the name set forth in Schedule D attached hereto; (ii) no Debtor has any trade names except as set forth on Schedule E attached hereto; (iii) no Debtor has used any name other than that stated in the preamble hereto or as set forth on Schedule E for the preceding five (5) years; and (iv) no entity has merged into any Debtor or been acquired by any Debtor within the past five years except as set forth on Schedule E . 
 
 (aa)	At any time and from time to time that any Collateral consists of instruments, certificated securities or other items that require or permit possession by the secured party to perfect the security interest created hereby, the applicable Debtor shall deliver such Collateral to the Secured Lender. 
 
 (bb)	Each Debtor, in its capacity as issuer, hereby agrees to comply with any and all orders and instructions of Secured Lender regarding the Pledged Interests consistent with the terms of this Agreement without the further consent of any Debtor as contemplated by Section 8-106 (or any successor section) of the UCC. Further, each Debtor agrees that it shall not enter into a similar agreement (or one that would confer control within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC) with any other person or entity. 
 
 (cc)	Each Debtor shall cause all tangible chattel paper constituting Collateral to be delivered to the Secured Lender, or, if such delivery is not possible, then to cause such tangible chattel paper to contain a legend noting that it is subject to the security interest created by this Agreement. To the extent that any Collateral consists of electronic chattel paper, the applicable Debtor shall cause the underlying chattel paper to be marked within the meaning of Section 9 105 of the UCC (or successor Section thereto). 
 
 (dd)	If there is any investment property or deposit account included as Collateral that can be perfected by control through an account control agreement, the applicable Debtor shall cause such an account control agreement, in form and substance in each case satisfactory to the Secured Lender, to be entered into and delivered to the Secured Lender for the benefit of the Secured Lender. 
 
 (ee)	To the extent that any Collateral consists of letter-of-credit rights, the applicable Debtor shall cause the issuer of each underlying letter of credit to consent to an assignment of the proceeds thereof to the Secured Lender. 
 
 (ff)	To the extent that any Collateral is in the possession of any third party, the applicable Debtor shall join with the Secured Lender in notifying such third party of the Secured Lender security interest in such Collateral and shall use its best efforts to obtain an acknowledgement and agreement from such third party with respect to the Collateral, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Lender. 
 
 (gg)	If any Debtor shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, such Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Lender in a writing signed by such Debtor of the particulars thereof and grant to the Secured Lender in such writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Secured Lender. 
 
 (hh)	Each Debtor shall immediately provide written notice to the Secured Lender of any and all accounts that are equal to or in excess of 1 million and which arise out of contracts with any governmental authority and, to the extent necessary to perfect or continue the perfected status of the Security Interests in such accounts and proceeds thereof, shall execute and deliver to the Secured Lender an assignment of claims for such accounts and cooperate with the Secured Lender in taking any other steps required, in its judgment, under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal, state or local statute or rule to perfect or continue the perfected status of the Security Interests in such accounts and proceeds thereof. 
 
 (ii)	Each Debtor shall cause each subsidiary of such Debtor to immediately become a party hereto (an Additional Debtor ), by executing and delivering an Additional Debtor Joinder in substantially the form of Annex A attached hereto and comply with the provisions hereof applicable to the Debtors. Concurrently therewith, the Additional Debtor shall deliver replacement schedules for, or supplements to all other Schedules to (or referred to in) this Agreement, as applicable, which replacement schedules shall supersede, or supplements shall modify, the Schedules then in effect. The Additional Debtor shall also deliver such opinions of counsel, authorizing resolutions, good standing certificates, incumbency certificates, organizational documents, financing statements and other information and documentation as the Secured Lender may reasonably request. Upon delivery of the foregoing to the Secured Lender, the Additional Debtor shall be and become a party to this Agreement with the same rights and obligations as the Debtors, for all purposes hereof as fully and to the same extent as if it were an original signatory hereto and shall be deemed to have made the representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein as of the date of execution and delivery of such Additional Debtor Joinder, and all references herein to the Debtors shall be deemed to include each Additional Debtor. 
 
 (jj)	Each Debtor shall vote the Pledged Securities to comply with the covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement). 
 7 

Execution Copy 

(kk)	 Each Debtor shall register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities on the books of such Debtor. Each Debtor shall notify each issuer of Pledged Securities to register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities in the name of the Secured Lender on the books of such issuer. Further, except with respect to certificated securities delivered to the Secured Lender, the applicable Debtor shall deliver to Secured Lender an acknowledgement of pledge (which, where appropriate, shall comply with the requirements of the relevant UCC with respect to perfection by registration) signed by the issuer of the applicable Pledged Securities, which acknowledgement shall confirm that: (a) it has registered the pledge on its books and records; and (b) at any time directed by Secured Lender during the continuation of an Event of Default, such issuer will transfer the record ownership of such Pledged Securities into the name of any designee of Secured Lender, will take such steps as may be necessary to effect the transfer, and will comply with all other instructions of Secured Lender regarding such Pledged Securities without the further consent of the applicable Debtor. 
 
 (ll)	In the event that, upon an occurrence of an Event of Default, Secured Lender shall sell all or any of the Pledged Securities to another party or parties (herein called the Transferee or shall purchase or retain all or any of the Pledged Securities, each Debtor shall, to the extent applicable: (i) deliver to Secured Lender or the Transferee, as the case may be, the articles of incorporation, bylaws, minute books, stock certificate books, corporate seals, deeds, leases, indentures, agreements, evidences of indebtedness, books of account, financial records and all other Organizational Documents and records of the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries (but not including any items subject to the attorney-client privilege related to this Agreement or any of the transactions hereunder); (ii) use its best efforts to obtain resignations of the persons then serving as officers and directors of the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries, if so requested; and (iii) use its best efforts to obtain any approvals that are required by any governmental or regulatory body in order to permit the sale of the Pledged Securities to the Transferee or the purchase or retention of the Pledged Securities by Secured Lender and allow the Transferee or Secured Lender to continue the business of the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 
 (mm)	Without limiting the generality of the other obligations of the Debtors hereunder, each Debtor shall promptly (i) cause to be registered at the United States Copyright Office all of its material copyrights, (ii) cause the security interest contemplated hereby with respect to all Intellectual Property registered at the United States Copyright Office or United States Patent and Trademark Office to be duly recorded at the applicable office, and (iii) give the Secured Lender notice whenever it acquires (whether absolutely or by license) or creates any additional material Intellectual Property. 
 
 (nn)	Each Debtor will from time to time, at the joint and several expense of the Debtors, promptly execute and deliver all such further instruments and documents, and take all such further action as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Secured Lender may reasonably request, in order to perfect and protect any security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Lender to exercise and enforce their rights and remedies hereunder and with respect to any Collateral or to otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 (oo)	 Schedule F attached hereto lists all of the patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, registered copyrights, and domain names owned by any of the Debtors as of the date hereof. Schedule F lists all material licenses in favor of any Debtor for the use of any patents, trademarks, copyrights and domain names as of the date hereof. All material patents and trademarks of the Debtors have been duly recorded at the United States Patent and Trademark Office and all material copyrights of the Debtors have been duly recorded at the United States Copyright Office. 
 
 (pp)	Except as set forth on Schedule G attached hereto, none of the account debtors or other persons or entities obligated on any of the Collateral is a governmental authority covered by the Federal Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal, state or local statute or rule in respect of such Collateral. 
 
 (qq)	Until the Obligations shall have been paid and performed in full, the Company covenants that it shall promptly direct any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof to enter into a guarantee in favor of the Secured Party, in the form of attached as an exhibit to the Exchange Agreement. 
 
 5.	Effect of Pledge on Certain Rights . If any of the Collateral subject to this Agreement consists of nonvoting equity or ownership interests (regardless of class, designation, preference or rights) that may be converted into voting equity or ownership interests upon the occurrence of certain events (including, without limitation, upon the transfer of all or any of the other stock or assets of the issuer), it is agreed by Debtors that the pledge of such equity or ownership interests pursuant to this Agreement or the enforcement of any of Secured Lender s rights hereunder shall not be deemed to be the type of event which would trigger such conversion rights notwithstanding any provisions in the Organizational Documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is party. 
 
 8 

Execution Copy 
 
 6.	Defaults . The following events shall be Events of Default : 
 
 (a)	The occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note); 
 
 (b)	The occurrence of an event of default or breach under any of the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement); 
 
 (c)	Any representation or warranty of any Debtor in this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; 
 
 (d)	The failure by any Debtor to observe or perform any of its obligations hereunder for seven (7) Trading Days after delivery to such Debtor of notice of such failure by or on behalf of a Secured Party unless such default is capable of cure but cannot be cured within such time frame and such Debtor is using best efforts to cure same in a timely fashion; or 
 
 (e)	If any provision of this Agreement shall at any time for any reason be declared to be null and void, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any Debtor, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Debtor, or by any governmental authority having jurisdiction over any Debtor, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Debtor shall deny that any Debtor has any liability or obligation purported to be created under this Agreement. 
 
 7.	Duty to Hold in Trust . 
 
 (a)	Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, each Debtor shall, upon receipt of any revenue, income, dividend, interest or other sums subject to the Security Interests, whether payable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) or otherwise, or of any check, draft, note, trade acceptance or other instrument evidencing an obligation to pay any such sum, hold the same in trust for the Secured Lender and shall forthwith endorse and transfer any such sums or instruments, or both, to the Secured Lender. 
 
 (b)	If any Debtor shall become entitled to receive or shall receive any securities or other property (including, without limitation, shares of Pledged Securities or instruments representing Pledged Securities acquired after the date hereof, or any options, warrants, rights or other similar property or certificates representing a dividend, or any distribution in connection with any recapitalization, reclassification or increase or reduction of capital, or issued in connection with any reorganization of such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries) in respect of the Pledged Securities (whether as an addition to, in substitution of, or in exchange for, such Pledged Securities or otherwise), such Debtor agrees to (i) accept the same as the agent of the Secured Lender; (ii) hold the same in trust on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Lender and (iii) to deliver any and all certificates or instruments evidencing the same to Secured Lender on or before the close of business on the fifth (5 th business day following the receipt thereof by such Debtor, in the exact form received together with the Necessary Endorsements, to be held by Secured Lender subject to the terms of this Agreement as Collateral. 
 
 8.	Rights and Remedies Upon Default . 
 
 (a)	During the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Secured Lender shall have the right to exercise all of the remedies conferred hereunder and under the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement), and the Secured Lender shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC. Without limitation, the Secured Lender shall have the following rights and powers: 
 
 (i)	The Secured Lender shall have the right to take possession of the Collateral and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and assistance of any person, any premises where the Collateral, or any part thereof, is or may be placed and remove the same, and each Debtor shall assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Secured Lender at places which the Secured Lender shall reasonably select, whether at such Debtor s premises or elsewhere, and make available to the Secured Lender, without rent, all of such Debtor s respective premises and facilities for the purpose of the Secured Lender taking possession of, removing or putting the Collateral in saleable or disposable form. 
 
 (ii)	Upon notice to the Debtors by Secured Lender, all rights of each Debtor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise and all rights of each Debtor to receive the dividends and interest which it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain, shall cease. Upon such notice, Secured Lender shall have the right to receive, for the benefit of the Secured Lender, any interest, cash dividends or other payments on the Collateral and, at the option of Secured Lender, to exercise in such Secured Lender s discretion all voting rights pertaining thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Secured Lender shall have the right (but not the obligation) to exercise all rights with respect to the Collateral as it were 
 9 

Execution Copy 
 
 the sole and absolute owner thereof, including, without limitation, to vote and/or to exchange, at its sole discretion, any or all of the Collateral in connection with a merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization or other readjustment concerning or involving the Collateral or any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries. 
 
 (iii)	The Secured Lender shall, subject to applicable law, have the right to operate the business of each Debtor using the Collateral and shall have the right to assign, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or any part of the Collateral, at public or private sale or otherwise, either with or without special conditions or stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, in such parcel or parcels and at such time or times and at such place or places, and upon such terms and conditions as the Secured Lender may deem commercially reasonable, all without (except as shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to any Debtor or right of redemption of a Debtor, which are hereby expressly waived. Upon each such sale, lease, assignment or other transfer of Collateral, the Secured Lender, for the benefit of the Secured Lender, may, unless prohibited by applicable law which cannot be waived, purchase all or any part of the Collateral being sold, free from and discharged of all trusts, claims, right of redemption and equities of any Debtor, which are hereby waived and released. 
 
 (iv)	The Secured Lender shall have the right (but not the obligation) to notify any account debtors and any obligors under instruments or accounts to make payments directly to the Secured Lender, on behalf of the Secured Lender, and to enforce the Debtors rights against such account debtors and obligors. 
 
 (v)	The Secured Lender may (but is not obligated to) direct any financial intermediary or any other person or entity holding any investment property to transfer the same to the Secured Lender or its designee. 
 
 (vi)	The Secured Lender may (but is not obligated to) transfer any or all Intellectual Property registered in the name of any Debtor at the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or Copyright Office into the name of the Secured Lender or any designee or any purchaser of any Collateral. 
 
 (b)	The Secured Lender shall comply with any applicable law in connection with a disposition of Collateral and such compliance will not be considered adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral. The Secured Lender may sell the Collateral without giving any warranties and may specifically disclaim such warranties. If the Secured Lender sells any of the Collateral on credit, the Debtors will only be credited with payments actually made by the purchaser. In addition, each Debtor waives (except as shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived) any and all rights that it may have to a judicial hearing in advance of the enforcement of any of the Secured Lender s rights and remedies hereunder, including, without limitation, its right following an Event of Default to take immediate possession of the Collateral and to exercise its rights and remedies with respect thereto. 
 
 (c)	For the purpose of enabling the Secured Lender to further exercise rights and remedies under this Section 8 or elsewhere provided by agreement or applicable law, each Debtor hereby grants to the Secured Lender, for the benefit of the Secured Lender, an irrevocable, nonexclusive license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Debtor) to use, license or sublicense during the occurrence of an Event of Default, any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Debtor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof. 
 
 9.	Applications of Proceeds . The proceeds of any such sale, lease or other disposition of the Collateral hereunder or from payments made on account of any insurance policy insuring any portion of the Collateral shall be applied first, to the expenses of retaking, holding, storing, processing and preparing for sale, selling, and the like (including, without limitation, any taxes, fees and other costs incurred in connection therewith) of the Collateral, to the reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Secured Lender in enforcing the Secured Lender rights hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the Collateral, and then to satisfaction of the Obligations pro rata among the Secured Lender (based on then issued and outstanding Securities at the time of any such determination), and to the payment of any other amounts required by applicable law, after which the Secured Lender shall pay to the applicable Debtor any surplus proceeds. If, upon the sale, license or other disposition of the Collateral, the proceeds thereof are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured Lender is legally entitled, the Debtors will be liable for the deficiency, together with interest thereon, at the rate of 12.5 per annum or the lesser amount permitted by applicable law (the Default Rate ), and the reasonable fees of any attorneys employed by the Secured Lender to collect such deficiency. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Debtor waives all claims, damages and demands against the Secured Lender arising out of the repossession, removal, retention or sale of the Collateral, unless due solely to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Secured Lender as determined by a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 
 10.	Securities Law Provision . Each Debtor recognizes that Secured Lender may be limited in its ability to effect a sale to the public of all or part of the Pledged Securities by reason of certain prohibitions in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or other federal or state securities laws (collectively, the Securities Laws ), and may be compelled to resort to one or more sales to a restricted group 
 10 

Execution Copy 
 
 of purchasers who may be required to agree to acquire the Pledged Securities for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Debtor agrees that sales so made may be at prices and on terms less favorable than if the Pledged Securities were sold to the public, and that Secured Lender has no obligation to delay the sale of any Pledged Securities for the period of time necessary to register the Pledged Securities for sale to the public under the Securities Laws. Each Debtor shall cooperate with Secured Lender in its attempt to satisfy any requirements under the Securities Laws (including, without limitation, registration thereunder if requested by Secured Lender) applicable to the sale of the Pledged Securities by Secured Lender. 
 
 11.	Costs and Expenses . Each Debtor agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any filing required hereunder, including without limitation, any financing statements pursuant to the UCC, continuation statements, partial releases and/or termination statements related thereto, or any expenses of any searches reasonably required by the Secured Lender. The Debtors shall also pay all other claims and charges which in the reasonable opinion of the Secured Lender is reasonably likely to prejudice, imperil or otherwise affect the Collateral or the Security Interests therein. The Debtors will also, upon demand, pay to the Secured Lender the amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Secured Lender, for the benefit of the Secured Lender, may incur in connection with the creation, perfection, protection, satisfaction, foreclosure, collection or enforcement of the Security Interest and the preparation, administration, continuance, amendment or enforcement of this Agreement and pay to the Secured Lender the amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Secured Lender, for the benefit of the Secured Lender, and the Secured Lender may incur in connection with (i) the enforcement of this Agreement, (ii) the custody or preservation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral, or (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Secured Lender under the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement). Until so paid, any fees payable hereunder shall be added to the amounts owed under the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. 
 
 12.	Responsibility for Collateral . The Debtors assume all liabilities and responsibility in connection with all Collateral, and the Obligations shall in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction, damage or theft of any of the Collateral or its unavailability for any reason. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and except as required by applicable law, (a) neither the Secured Lender nor any Secured Party (i) has any duty (either before or after an Event of Default) to collect any amounts in respect of the Collateral or to preserve any rights relating to the Collateral, or (ii) has any obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale, and (b) each Debtor shall remain obligated and liable under each contract or agreement included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by such Debtor thereunder. Neither the Secured Lender nor any Secured Party shall have any obligation or liability under any such contract or agreement by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt by the Secured Lender or any Secured Party of any payment relating to any of the Collateral, nor shall the Secured Lender or any Secured Party be obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of any Debtor under or pursuant to any such contract or agreement, to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by the Secured Lender or any Secured Party in respect of the Collateral or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any such contract or agreement, to present or file any claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to the Secured Lender or to which the Secured Lender or any Secured Party may be entitled at any time or times. 
 
 13.	Security Interests Absolute . All rights of the Secured Lender and all obligations of each Debtor hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Securities, the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement), or any agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof, against any other Debtor or Guarantor; (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment or performance of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) or any other agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any of the Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other collateral for, or any guarantee, or any other security, for all or any of the Obligations; (d) any action by the Secured Lender to obtain, adjust, settle and cancel in its sole discretion any insurance claims or matters made or arising in connection with the Collateral; or (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute any legal or equitable defense available to a Debtor, or a discharge of all or any part of the Security Interests granted hereby. Until the Obligations shall have been paid and performed in full, the rights of the Secured Lender shall continue even if the Obligations are barred for any reason, including, without limitation, the running of the statute of limitations. Each Debtor expressly waives presentment, protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of nonpayment and demand for performance. In the event that at any time any transfer of any Collateral or any payment received by the Secured Lender hereunder shall be deemed by final order of a court of competent jurisdiction to have been a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be deemed to be otherwise due to any party other than the Secured Lender, then, in any such event, each Debtor s obligations hereunder shall survive cancellation of this Agreement, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof and/or cancellation of this Agreement, but shall remain a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. Each Debtor waives all right to require the Secured Lender to proceed against any other person or entity or to apply any Collateral which the Secured Lender may hold at any 
 11 

Execution Copy 
 
 time, or to marshal assets, or to pursue any other remedy. Each Debtor waives any defense arising by reason of the application of the statute of limitations to any obligation secured hereby. 
 
 14.	Term of Agreement . This Agreement shall terminate on the date on which all payments under the Securities and the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) have been indefeasibly paid in full and all other Obligations have been paid or discharged; provided, however, that all indemnities of the Debtors contained in this Agreement shall survive and remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 15.	Power of Attorney; Further Assurances . 
 
 (a)	Each Debtor authorizes the Secured Lender, and does hereby make, constitute and appoint the Secured Lender and its officers, agents, successors or assigns with full power of substitution, as such Debtor s true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power, in the name of the Secured Lender or such Debtor, to, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) endorse any note, checks, drafts, money orders or other instruments of payment (including payments payable under or in respect of any policy of insurance) in respect of the Collateral that may come into possession of the Secured Lender; (ii) to sign and endorse any financing statement pursuant to the UCC or any invoice, freight or express bill, bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications and notices in connection with accounts, and other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests or other encumbrances at any time levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral; (iv) to demand, collect, receipt for, compromise, settle and sue for monies due in respect of the Collateral; (v) to transfer any Intellectual Property or provide licenses respecting any Intellectual Property; and (vi) generally, at the option of the Secured Lender, and at the expense of the Debtors, at any time, or from time to time, to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments and to do all acts and things which the Secured Lender deems necessary to protect, preserve and realize upon the Collateral and the Security Interests granted therein in order to effect the intent of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) all as fully and effectually as the Debtors might or could do; and each Debtor hereby ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding. The designation set forth herein shall be deemed to amend and supersede any inconsistent provision in the Organizational Documents or other documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is a party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Secured Lender is specifically authorized to execute and file any applications for or instruments of transfer and assignment of any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office. 
 
 (b)	On a continuing basis, each Debtor will make, execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the jurisdictions indicated on Schedule C attached hereto, all such instruments, and take all such action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or as reasonably requested by the Secured Lender, to perfect the Security Interests granted hereunder and otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement, or for assuring and confirming to the Secured Lender the grant or perfection of a perfected security interest in all the Collateral under the UCC. 
 
 (c)	Each Debtor hereby irrevocably appoints the Secured Lender as such Debtor s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and instead of such Debtor and in the name of such Debtor, from time to time in the Secured Lender s discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Secured Lender may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, including the filing, in its sole discretion, of one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral without the signature of such Debtor where permitted by law, which financing statements may (but need not) describe the Collateral as all assets or all personal property or words of like import, and ratifies all such actions taken by the Secured Lender. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding. 
 
 16.	Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be subject to the notice provision of the Exchange Agreement. 
 
 17.	Other Security . To the extent that the Obligations are now or hereafter secured by property other than the Collateral or by the guarantee, endorsement or property of any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, then the Secured Lender shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to pursue, relinquish, subordinate, modify or take any other action with respect thereto, without in any way modifying or affecting any of the Secured Lender rights and remedies hereunder. 
 
 18.	Reserved . 
 
 12 

Execution Copy 
 
 19.	Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a)	No course of dealing between the Debtors and the Secured Lender, nor any failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Secured Lender, any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. 
 
 (b)	All of the rights and remedies of the Secured Lender with respect to the Collateral, whether established hereby, the Securities or the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) or by any other agreements, instruments or documents or by law shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently. 
 
 (c)	This Agreement, together with the exhibits and schedules hereto, contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into this Agreement and the exhibits and schedules hereto. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Debtors and the Secured Lender holding two-thirds (2/3 rds or more of the principal amount of the Note, then issued and outstanding, or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. 
 
 (d)	If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 
 
 (e)	No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. 
 
 (f)	This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company and the Guarantors may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Secured Lender (other than by merger). The Secured Lender may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) to whom such Secured Party assigns or transfers any Obligations, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Obligations, by the provisions of this Agreement that apply to the Secured Lender. 
 
 (g)	Each party hereto shall take such further action and execute and deliver such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 (h)	Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, each Debtor agrees that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, each Debtor hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 (i)	This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that any signature 
 13 

Execution Copy 
 
 is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original thereof. 
 
 (j)	All Debtors shall jointly and severally be liable for the obligations of each Debtor to the Secured Lender hereunder. 
 
 (k)	Each Debtor shall indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Secured Lender and the Secured Lender and their respective partners, members, shareholders, officers, directors, employees and agents (and any other persons with other titles that have similar functions) (collectively, Indemnitees from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses, of any kind or nature, (including fees relating to the cost of investigating and defending any of the foregoing) imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee in any way related to or arising from or alleged to arise from this Agreement or the Collateral, except any such losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses which result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnitee as determined by a final, non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction. This indemnification provision is in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other indemnification provision in the Exchange Agreement, the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement), or any other agreement, instrument or other document executed or delivered in connection herewith or therewith. 
 
 (l)	Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to subject Secured Lender or any Secured Party to liability as a partner in any Debtor or any if its direct or indirect subsidiaries that is a partnership or as a member in any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries that is a limited liability company, nor shall Secured Lender or any Secured Party be deemed to have assumed any obligations under any partnership agreement or limited liability company agreement, as applicable, of any such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries or otherwise, unless and until any such Secured Party exercises its right to be substituted for such Debtor as a partner or member, as applicable, pursuant hereto. 
 
 (m)	To the extent that the grant of the security interest in the Collateral and the enforcement of the terms hereof require the consent, approval or action of any partner or member, as applicable, of any Debtor or any direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor or compliance with any provisions of any of the Organizational Documents, the Debtors hereby represent that all such consents and approvals have been obtained. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF DEBTORS FOLLOWS] 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written. 

GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 

By: __________________________________________ Name: Jonathan Read Title: Chief Executive Officer 

MICROSOURCE, INC. 

By: __________________________________________ Name: John Regazzi Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS] 
 
 14 

Execution Copy 
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO SECURITY AGREEMENT] 

Name of Secured Party: BitNile Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Secured Party : _________________________ 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: William B. Horne 
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: Chief Executive Officer 

15 

Execution Copy 
 
 DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES 
 
 (Security Agreement) 
 
 The following are the Disclosure Schedules (the Disclosure Schedules referred to in that certain Security Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2022 (the Agreemen t ), by and among Giga-tronics Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), any subsidiary and affiliate of the Company that is a signatory hereto either now or joined in the future (the Subsidiaries , and, together with the Company, the Debtors and the holder(s) of the Note (as defined in the Agreement), their endorsees, transferees and assigns (collectively, the Secured Lender ). 

Execution Copy 
 
 SCHEDULE A 
 Principal Place of Business of Debtors: 
 Locations Where Collateral is Located or Stored 

5990 Gleason Drive Dublin, California 94568 

Execution Copy 
 
 SCHEDULE B 
 Liens on Assets 
 
 1. Blanket lien in favor of Western Alliance Bank 

Execution Copy 
 
 SCHEDULE C 
 Governmental or regulatory filing evidencing liens on collateral 
 
 None. 

Execution Copy 
 
 SCHEDULE D 
 Organizational Information on Subsidiaries of Giga-tronics Incorporated 

Subsidiary Legal Name 
 State of Organization 
 Type of Organization 
 Entity Organizational ID # 

Microsource, Inc. 
 California 
 Corporation 
 1094156 

Execution Copy 
 
 SCHEDULE E 
 Merger Information on Subsidiaries of Giga-tronics Incorporated 
 
 None. 

Execution Copy 
 
 SCHEDULE F 
 Patents Trademarks Listing 
 
 Trademarks 

Serial Number - Registration Number 
 Date 
 Mark 
 Owner 

76/589683 
 12/7/2004 
 Automation Xpress 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated 

Patents 

Patent/Application Number 
 Title 
 Owner 

7,639,100 B2 
 RF Step Attenuator 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated 

7,215,167 B1 
 Low Noise Microwave Frequency Synthesizer Having Fast Switching 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated 

7,514,970 B2 
 Decimal Frequency Synthesizer 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated 

7,208,990 B1 
 Low Noise Microwave Frequency Synthesizer Having Loop Accumulation 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated 

10,560,110 B1 
 Precision Microwave Frequency Synthesizer and Receiver with Delay Balanced Drift Cancelling Loop 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated 

10,848,163 B2 
 Precision Microwave Frequency Synthesizer and Receiver with Delay Balanced Drift Cancelling Loop 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated 

2020/0127672 A1 (Pending) 
 Precision Microwave Frequency Synthesizer and Receiver with Delay Balanced Drift Cancelling Loop 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated 

Domain Rights 

Domain Name 
 Host 
 Admin Contact 
 Owner 
 Expiry 

www.gigatronics.com 
 360 Web Design 
 Jonathan Read [ ] [925-683-8506] 
 Giga-tronics Incorporated 
 05/23/2024 

Giga s Microsource division maintains unregistered intellectual property in the form of technical experience and know-how relating to Yttrium-Iron Garnet (YIG) material, its magnetic properties, and the methods of fast tuning electro-magnets. The IP is employed 

Execution Copy 
 
 in very low phase noise oscillators for close-in weapon systems and in fast tuning notch filters for mitigating co-site interference onboard military jets. 
 
 Licenses 
 1. Open Loop Simulator Agreement by and between Lockheed Martin Corporation and Giga-tronics Incorporated. 

2. Technology License Agreement, dated March 26, 2006, by and between Roland Hassun Consulting, LLC and Giga-tronics, Incorporated. 

3. Master Services Agreement, effective November 1, 2021, by and between Giga-tronics, Incorporated, and Parachute Technology, Inc.; with Managed IT Services Scope of Work. 

4. Off-The-Shelf Software-As-A-Service Licenses: 

a. ARENA. Approximately 30,000 per year spend. 

b. Microsoft Office 365. Approximately 10,000 per year spend. 

c. SMART-PROCURE. Approximately 8,400 per year spend. 

d. Expandable. Approximately 17,280 per year spend. 

Execution Copy 
 
 SCHEDULE G 
 Account debtors governmental authority 
 
 None. 

Execution Copy 
 
 SCHEDULE H 
 Pledged ownership equity interests in entities 

Subsidiary Legal Name 
 State of Organization 
 Type of Organization 
 Percentage owned by Giga-tronics Incorporated 

Microsource, Inc. 
 California 
 Corporation 
 100 

Execution Copy 
 
 SCHEDULE I 
 Written claims upon the Collateral 
 
 1. Blanket lien in favor of Western Alliance Bank 

Execution Copy 
 
 SCHEDULE J 
 Article 8 of UCC 
 
 None. 

Execution Copy 
 
 ANNEX A 
 to 
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 FORM OF ADDITIONAL DEBTOR JOINDER 
 
 Reference is hereby made to the Security Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2022, made by and among Giga-tronics Incorporated and its subsidiaries party thereto from time to time, as Debtors to and in favor of the Secured Lender identified therein (the Security Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in, or by reference in, the Security Agreement. 
 
 The undersigned hereby agrees that, upon delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder to the Secured Lender referred to above, the undersigned shall (a) be an Additional Debtor under the Security Agreement, (b) have all the rights and obligations of the Debtors under the Security Agreement as fully and to the same extent as if the undersigned was an original signatory thereto and (c) be deemed to have made the representations and warranties set forth therein as of the date of execution and delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE UNDERSIGNED SPECIFICALLY GRANTS TO THE SECURED LENDER A SECURITY INTEREST IN THE COLLATERAL AS MORE FULLY SET FORTH IN THE SECURITY AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES TO THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL PROVISIONS SET FORTH THEREIN. 
 
 Attached hereto are supplemental and/or replacement Schedules to the Security Agreement, as applicable. 
 
 An executed copy of this Joinder shall be delivered to the Secured Lender, and the Secured Lender may rely on the matters set forth herein on or after the date hereof. This Joinder shall not be modified, amended or terminated without the prior written consent of the Secured Lender. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Joinder to be executed in the name and on behalf of the undersigned. 

Microsource, Inc. 

By: 

Name: John Regazzi 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Address:5990 Gleason Drive, San Ramon, California 94568 

Dated: December 31, 2022 

Execution Copy 
 
 ANNEX B 
 to 
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 UCC Amendment 

Article [___]	Pledgee's Rights; Membership Interests to be Securities under Article 8 of the UCC 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the sole Member shall be permitted to pledge or hypothecate any or all of its membership interests, including all economic rights, control rights and status rights as a sole Member, to any lender to the [Debtor Entity] or any affiliate of the [Debtor Entity] or to any agent acting on such lender's behalf, and any transfer of such membership interests pursuant to any such lender's (or agent s) exercise of remedies in connection with any such pledge or hypothecation shall be permitted under this [Operating Agreement] with no further action or approval required hereunder. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, subject to the terms of the financing giving rise to any pledge or hypothecation of membership interests, the lender (or agent) shall have the right, to the extent set forth in the applicable pledge or hypothecation agreement, and without further approval of the sole Member and without becoming a member (unless such lender (or agent) elects to become a Member), to exercise the membership voting rights of the Member granting such pledge or hypothecation. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, and without complying with any other procedures set forth in this [Operating Agreement], upon the exercise of remedies in connection with a pledge or hypothecation, to the extent set forth in the applicable pledge or hypothecation agreement, (a) the lender (or agent) or transferee of such lender (or agent), as the case may be, shall, if it so elects, become a Member under this [Operating Agreement] and shall succeed to all of the rights and powers, including the right to participate in the management of the business and affairs of the [Debtor Entity], and shall be bound by all of the obligations, of a Member under this [Operating Agreement] without taking any further action on the part of such lender (or agent) or transferee, as the case may be, and (b) following such exercise of remedies, the pledging Member shall cease to be a Member and shall have no further rights or powers under this [Operating Agreement]. The execution and delivery of this [Operating Agreement] by the sole Member shall constitute any necessary approval of such Member under the [State LLC Act] to the foregoing provisions of this Article [___]. 

(b) So long as any pledge or hypothecation of any membership interests is in effect, the [Debtor Entity] hereby elects that all membership interests in the [Debtor Entity] shall be securities governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York and each other applicable jurisdiction. All membership interests in the [Debtor Entity] shall be evidenced by a certificate. Each certificate evidencing a Member s interests in the [Debtor Entity] shall bear the following legend: This certificate evidences an interest in the [Debtor Entity] and shall constitute a security governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code of each other applicable jurisdiction. 

(c) This Article [___] may not be amended or modified so long as any of the membership interests are subject to a pledge or hypothecation without the pledgee s (or the transferee of such pledgee s) prior written consent. Each recipient of a pledge or hypothecation of the membership interests shall be a third party beneficiary of the provisions of this Article [____]. 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-10.41>
 6
 giga-ex10_41.htm
 EX-10.41

EX-10.41 

Execution Copy 
 
 Exhibit 10.41 
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 
 	This REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of December 31, 2022, between Giga-tronics Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), and the purchaser signatory hereto (the Purchaser ). 
 
 This Agreement is made pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and each of the purchasers signatory thereto (the Exchange Agreement ). 
 
 The Company and the Purchaser hereby agrees as follows: 
 
 1. 	Definitions . 
 
 Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Exchange Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Exchange Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 
 Advice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d). 
 
 Conversion Date means the earlier of the date that (i) the Purchaser voluntarily elects to convert the Note pursuant to its Section 4(a), or (ii) the Note is converted pursuant to its Section 4(b) but only is such conversion occurs upon the closing of a Non-Qualified Offering. 
 
 Effectiveness Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the sixtieth (60 th calendar day following the Filing Date, provided , however , that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth (5 th Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day. 
 
 Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 
 
 Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d). 
 
 Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d). 
 
 Filing Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, the fifteenth (15 th calendar day after the Conversion Date, and, with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the earliest practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities. 
 
 Holder or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities. 
 
 Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c). 
 
 Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c). 
 
 Initial Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a). 
 
 Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus. 

Registrable Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all of the shares of Common Stock then issued and issuable upon conversion in full of the Notes (assuming on such date the Notes are converted in full without regard to any conversion limitations therein), (b) all shares of Common Stock issued and issuable as interest or principal on the Notes assuming all permissible interest and principal payments are made in shares of Common Stock and the Notes are held until maturity and (c) any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided, however , that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the Holders in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company), as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice of counsel to the Company. 
 
 Registration Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration statements contemplated by Section 2 or Section 3(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement. 
 
 Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 
 
 Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 
 
 Selling Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). 
 
 SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act. 
 
 Spartan Financing means a proposed senior secured financing of up to 3,000,000 with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC as the placement agent on the terms and conditions described in the term sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

2.	Registration 
 
 (a) No later than the Filing Date, the Company shall file with the Commission the Initial Registration Statement relating to the resale by the Holders of all (or such other number as the Commission will permit) of the Registrable Securities. If Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as soon as such form is available; provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 3(c)) to be declared effective under the Securities Act within forty-five (45) days after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holder (the Effectiveness Period ). The Company shall telephonically request effectiveness of a Registration 

2 

Statement as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on a Trading Day. The Company shall immediately notify the Holder via facsimile or by e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with the Commission, which shall be the date requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission as required by Rule 424. Failure to so notify the Holders within one (1) Trading Day of such notification of effectiveness or failure to file a final Prospectus as foresaid shall be deemed an Event under Section 2(g). 

(b) Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its best efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e); with respect to filing on Form S-3 or other appropriate form, and subject to the provisions of Section 2(d) with respect to the payment of liquidated damages; provided , however , that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09. 

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and subject to the payment of liquidated damages pursuant to Section 2(d), if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows: 

i. first, the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included by any Person other than a Holder; and 

ii. second, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Conversion Shares (applied, in the case that some Conversion Shares may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Conversion Shares held by such Holders). 

In the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to such Holder s allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended. 
 
 (d) Provided that no event of default exists under the Exchange Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, if: (i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to the Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration Statement without providing the Holders the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section 3(a) herein, the Company shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause (i)) or (ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, within five (5) Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of such Registration Statement within ten (10) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the Initial Registration Statement, or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event , and for purposes of clause (i) thirty (30) calendar days after the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii), the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date which such fifteen (15) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such ten (10) or fifteen (15) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being 

3 

referred to as Event Date ), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date thereafter (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) or any pro rata portion thereof, until the applicable Event is cured or sixty (60) calendar days after the applicable Event Date, whichever occurs first, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of one percent (1.0 multiplied by the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Exchange Agreement; provided that the maximum amount payable thereunder shall not exceed 4 of the aggregate Subscription Amount. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven (7) days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein but subject to comments by the Commission, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate of a Holder as any Underwriter without the prior written consent of such Holder. 

3. 	Registration Procedures . 
 
 In connection with the Company s registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall have the following obligations: 
 
 (a) Not less than three (3) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to the Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of the Holders, and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to the Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the above, the Company shall not be obligated to provide the Holders advance copies of any universal registration statement registering securities in addition to those required hereunder, or any Prospectus prepared thereto. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later than five (5) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holder has been furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex A (a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire on a date that is not less than two (2) Trading Days prior to the Filing Date or by the end of the fourth (4 th Trading Day following the date on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance with this Section. 

(b) (i) The Company shall prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably practicable to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented. 

(c) If during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100 of the number of shares of Common Stock then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case, prior to the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such Registrable Securities. 

4 

(d) The Company shall notify the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible (and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus, provided , however , in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(e) The Company shall use its best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment. 

(f) The Company shall furnish to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission; provided, that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form. 

(g) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d). 

(h) The Company shall cooperate with any broker-dealer through which a Holder proposes to resell its Registrable Securities in effecting a filing with the FINRA Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110, as requested by any such Holder, and the Company shall pay the filing fee required by such filing within two (2) Business Days of receipt of a request therefor. 

(i) Prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, the Company shall use its best efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement; provided, that, the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. 

(j) If requested by a Holder, the Company shall cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, 

5 

which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Exchange Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may request. 

(k) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into account the Company s good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(k) to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise required pursuant to Section 2(g), for a period not to exceed sixty (60) calendar days (which need not be consecutive days) in any 12-month period. 

(l) The Company shall comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission. 

(m) The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto) for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities. 

(n) The Company may require from each selling Holder a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and the name(s) of the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the Common Stock underlying the Note(s). During any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities solely because any Holder fails to furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Company s request, any liquidated damages that are accruing at such time as to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because of such delay shall be suspended as to all Holders until such information is delivered to the Company. 

4. 	Registration Expenses . All fees and expenses incident to the performance of, or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) if not previously paid by the Company in connection with an Issuer Filing, with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a Holder intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110, so long as the broker is receiving no more than a customary brokerage commission in connection with such sale, (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any Holder or, except to the extent provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders. 
 
 5. 	Indemnification . 
 
 (a) Indemnification by the Company . The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding 

6 

such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holder s proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(d), but only if and to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice the misstatement or omission giving rise to such Loss would have been corrected. The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(h). 

(b) Indemnification by Holders . Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: (x) such Holder s failure to comply with any applicable prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act through no fault of the Company or (y) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such Prospectus, (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holder s proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or (iii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi), to the extent, but only to the extent, related to the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(d), but only if and to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice the misstatement or omission giving rise to such Loss would have been corrected. In no event shall the liability of any selling Holder under this Section 5(b) be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation. 

(c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings . If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified Party ), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof; provided, that, the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party. 

An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses; (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding; or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such 
 7 

Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding. 
 
 Subject to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten (10) Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party; provided, that, the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder. 
 
 (d) Contribution . If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms. 

The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5(d), no Holder shall be required to contribute pursuant to this Section 5(d), in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such Holder from the sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any damages that such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 
 
 The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties. 
 
 6. 	Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Remedies . In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

(b) Prohibition on Filing Other Registration Statements . The Company shall not file any other registration statements until all Registrable Securities are registered pursuant to a Registration Statement that is declared effective by the Commission, provided that this Section 6(b), (i) shall not prohibit the Company from filing amendments to registration statements filed prior to the date of this Agreement and (ii) shall not prohibit the Company from filing a registration statement on Form S-3 for a primary offering by the Company, provided that the Company makes no offering of securities pursuant to such shelf registration statement prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement required hereunder that includes all of the Registrable Securities. 

8 

(c) Compliance . Each Holder covenants and agrees that it will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to it (unless an exemption therefrom is available) in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement. 

(d) Discontinued Disposition . By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, the Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company agrees and acknowledges that any periods during which the Holder is required to discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities hereunder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2(d). 

(e) Piggy-Back Registrations . If, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, there is not an effective Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities and the Company shall determine to prepare and file with the Commission a registration statement relating to an offering for its own account or the account of others under the Securities Act of any of its equity securities, other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as promulgated under the Securities Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any entity or business or equity securities issuable in connection with the Company s stock option or other employee benefit plans, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a written notice of such determination and, if within fifteen (15) days after the date of the delivery of such notice, any such Holder shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in such registration statement all or any part of such Registrable Securities such Holder requests to be registered; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to register any Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 6(e) that are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 (without volume restrictions or current public information requirements) promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act or that are the subject of a then effective Registration Statement. 

(f) Amendments and Waivers . The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and the Holders of 67 or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for purposes of clarification, this includes any Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security). If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates; provided , however , that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6(f). No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement. 

(g) Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as set forth in the Exchange Agreement. 

(h) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties hereto and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.7 of the Exchange Agreement. 

(i) No Inconsistent Agreements . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 6(i) , neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has previously entered into any agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full. 

(j) Execution and Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all parties hereto need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding 

9 

obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 

(k) Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Agreement. 

(l) Cumulative Remedies . The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 

(m) Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their best efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties hereto that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

(n) Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

(o) Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights . The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Holders are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders. 

(p) Subordination . The registration rights granted hereunder are subordinated to the registration rights granted pursuant to the Spartan Financing. 

(Signature Pages Follow) 
 10 

Execution Copy 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 

GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 

By:__________________________________________ Name: Jonathan Read Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS] 

Execution Copy 
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO RRA] 

Name of Holder: BitNile Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder : __________________________ 
 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: William B. Horne 
 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: Chief Executive Officer 

Execution Copy 
 
 SCHEDULE 6(i) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreements 

ANNEX A 
 
 GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 
 
 Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire 
 The undersigned beneficial owner of shares of common stock (the Registrable Securities of GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED (the Company ), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission a registration statement (the Registration Statement for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement to which this document is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 Certain legal consequences arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. 
 NOTICE 
 The undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Stockholder of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned by it in the Registration Statement. 
 
 2 

The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate: 
 QUESTIONNAIRE 
 1.	Name. 
 	(a)	Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder 

(b)	Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held: 

(c)	Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire): 

2. Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder: 

Telephone: 

Fax: 

Contact Person: 

3. Broker-Dealer Status: 
 	(a)	Are you a broker-dealer? 
 	Yes 	No 
 	(b)	If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company? 
 	Yes 	No 
 	Note:	If no to Section 3(b), the Commission s staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 
 	(c)	Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer? 
 	Yes 	No 
 	(d)	If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities? 
 	Yes 	No 
 3 

Note:	If no to Section 3(d), the Commission s staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 
 4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder. 
 Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable pursuant to the Exchange Agreement. 
 	(a)	Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder: 

5. Relationships with the Company: 
 Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5 of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years. 
 	State any exceptions here: 

The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates. 
 By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent. 
 Date: 	 	Beneficial Owner: 	 
 
 		By:	 	 
 			Name: 
 			Title:	 
 
 PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO: 

4 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 7
 giga-ex10_42.htm
 EX-10.42

EX-10.42 

Exhibit 10.42 
 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 
 
 GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 

Warrant Shares: 2,000,000 
 Issuance Date: December 31, 2022 

This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received, Ault Lending, LLC or its assigns (the Holder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after December 31, 2022 (the Issuance Date ), and on or prior to the close of business on the five (5)-year anniversary of the Issuance Date (the Termination Date but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Giga-tronics, Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), up to 2,000,000 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (as defined below). 
 Section 1.	Definitions . In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, (i) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and (ii) the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1: 
 Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 
 BitNile means BitNile Holdings, Inc., an affiliate of the Holder. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or any other day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed. 
 Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 
 Distribution means the proposed distribution by BitNile of 6,880,128 shares of the Company s Common Stock to BitNile s stockholders that was announced by BitNile on November 9, 2022. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 
 Purchase Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2022, between the Company and the Holder relating to the Warrant. 
 Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule 144 may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Spartan Financing means a proposed senior secured financing of up to 3,000,000 with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC as the placement agent on the terms and conditions described in the term sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American; the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global Market; the Nasdaq Global Select Market; the New York Stock Exchange; any level of the OTC Markets operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. or the OTC Bulletin Board (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 
 Transfer Agent means Transfer Online and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 
 VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock during the ten (10) preceding Trading Days prior to such date on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTC Bulletin Board is a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock during the ten (10) preceding Trading Days prior to such date on the OTC Bulletin Board, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. 
 Section 2.	Exercise . 
 (a) Exercise of Warrant . Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile copy of the Notice of Exercise form annexed hereto and within three (3) Business Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company, the Company shall have received payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the shares of Common Stock thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashier s check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Business Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise form within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledges and agrees that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

(b) Exercise Price . The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall be 0.01, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price ). 

(c) Cashless Exercise . If at the time of exercise hereof, there is no effective registration statement registering the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder (or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use), then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A) = 	as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(64) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the bid price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holder s execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day; 

(B) 	=	the Exercise Price, as adjusted hereunder; and 
 
 2 

(X)	=	the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c). 
 
 (d) Mechanics of Exercise. 

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . Warrant Shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holder s prime broker with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system DWAC if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise Warrant Shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by physical delivery to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is three (3) Business Days after the latest of (A) the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (B) payment of the aggregate Exercise Price by the Holder as set forth above (including by cashless exercise, if permitted) (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date ). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and the Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price, which Exercise Price shall be paid in lawful U.S. currency, and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to the issuance of such shares, have been paid. The Company understands that a delay in the delivery of the Warrant Shares after the Warrant Share Delivery Date could result in economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss, the Company agrees to pay (as liquidated damages and not as a penalty) to the Holder for late issuance of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant the proportionate amount of 10 per Trading Day (increasing to 20 per Trading Day after the fifth (5th) Trading Day) after the Warrant Share Delivery Date for each 1,000 of Exercise Price of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercised which are not timely delivered. The Company shall make any payments incurred under this Section 2(d) in immediately available funds upon demand. Furthermore, in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder, in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect delivery of the Warrant Shares by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Holder may revoke all or part of the relevant Warrant exercise by delivery of a notice to such effect to the Company, whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective positions immediately prior to the exercise of the relevant portion of this Warrant, except that the liquidated damages described above shall be payable through the date notice of revocation or rescission is given to the Company. 

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise . If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

iii. Rescission Rights . If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. 

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree 

3 

of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses . Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided , however , that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

vii. Closing of Books . The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

(e) Holder s Exercise Limitations . The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be the Holder s determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon not less than 61 days prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e). Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

4 

Section 3.	Certain Adjustments . 
 (a) Stock Dividends and Splits . If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant or in connection with the Distribution), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re classification. 

(b) Most Favored Nation Status . From the date hereof through the date that no Warrant is outstanding, in the event that the Company issues or sells any warrants to purchase Common Stock, if a Holder then holding the Warrant or a portion thereof reasonably believes that the terms and conditions appurtenant to such issuance or sale provide anti-dilution or other protective provisions to such investors that were not granted to the Holder hereunder, upon notice to the Company by such Holder within five (5) Trading Days after the Company s disclosure of such issuance or sale, the Company shall amend the terms of the Warrants as to such Holder, so as to give such Holder the benefit of such anti-dilution or other full-ratchet protective provisions. 

(c) Subsequent Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock other than in connection with the Spartan Financing (the Purchase Rights ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

(d) Pro Rata Distributions . During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution provided , however , to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

(e) Fundamental Transaction . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) other than in connection with the Distribution, any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50 or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the 

5 

Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company , directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. In no event shall the Distribution be deemed to be a Fundamental Transaction. 

(f) Calculations . All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 

(g) Notice to Holder . 

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price . Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock or (E) the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction), then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder shall remain 

6 

entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. This Section shall not apply to the Distribution. 

Section 4.	Transfer of Warrant . 
 (a) Transferability . Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Business Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

(b) New Warrants . This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issuance Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

(c) Warrant Register . The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register ), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

Section 5.	Miscellaneous . 
 (a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise . This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. 

(b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant . The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

(c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc . If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 

(d) Authorized Shares . The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any trading market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). 

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its articles of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, 
 7 

issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. 
 Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 
 (e) Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

(f) Restrictions . The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered or otherwise relying on an exemption under applicable securities laws, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 

(g) Nonwaiver and Expenses . No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holder s rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that all rights hereunder terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 

(h) Notices . Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

(i) Limitation of Liability . No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

(j) Remedies . The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

(k) Successors and Assigns . Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of the Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by such Holder. 

(l) Amendment . No provision of this Warrant may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Holder of the Warrant or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Warrant shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. 

(m) Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 

(n) Headings . The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant. 

8 

(Signature Page Follows) 
 
 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

GIGA-TRONICS, INCORPORATED 

By:__________________________________________ Name: Jonathan Read Title: Chief Executive Officer 

10 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 
 
 To: GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED: 
 
 (1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Common Stock Purchase Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or 
 [ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in Section 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in Section 2(c). 
 (3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

_______________________________ 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC account number: 
 
 			_______________________________ 
 
 			_______________________________ 
 
 			_______________________________ 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER] 
 	 
 Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________ 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity : _________________________________________________ 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________ 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________ 
 Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________ 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 
 
 (To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name: 

(Please Print) 

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holder s Signature: 

Holder s Address: 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-10.43>
 8
 giga-ex10_43.htm
 EX-10.43

EX-10.43 

Execution Copy 
 
 Exhibit 10.43 
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of December 31, 2022, by and between Giga-tronics, Incorporated, a California corporation, with offices located at 5990 Gleason Drive, Dublin, CA 94568 (the Company ), and Ault Lending, LLC., a California company with an address in 11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 330, Las Vegas, NV 89141 (the Holder ). 
 RECITALS: 
 WHEREAS , subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to Holder, and Holder desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Holder agree as follows: 
 ARTICLE I 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 1.	Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Note, and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1: 
 Acquiring Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.6. 
 Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i). 
 Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 
 Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 
 Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed. 
 Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1. 
 Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Holders obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Company s obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived. 
 Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 
 Conversion Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Note. 
 Conversion Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Note. 
 Disclosure Schedules shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1. 

Disclosure Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed prior to midnight on any Trading Day, 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed after midnight on any Trading Day, 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof. 
 Effective Date means the earliest of the date that (a) the initial Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission, (b) all of the Underlying Shares have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (c) following the one year anniversary of the Closing Date provided that a holder of the Underlying Shares is not an Affiliate of the Company or (d) all of the Underlying Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and counsel to the Company has delivered to such holders a standing written unqualified opinion that resales may then be made by such holders of the Underlying Shares pursuant to such exemption which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to such holders. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, or approved by a majority of shareholders of the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity-holders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with, or complementary to, the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities. 
 FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 
 GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h). 
 Guaranty means the Guaranty, dated the date hereof, by each Subsidiary in favor of the Holders, in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto. 
 Holder Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.10. 
 Indebtedness shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb). 
 Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o). 
 Legend Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c). 
 Liens means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 
 Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b). 
 Material Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m). 
 Maximum Rate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.17. 
 Note means the 10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note due, subject to the terms therein, eighteen (18) months from its date of issuance, issued by the Company to the Holder hereunder, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 
 Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Permitted Indebtedness shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Security Agreement. 
 Permitted Liens shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Security Agreement. 
 Pledged Securities means any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing all of the capital stock and other equity interests in the Company s subsidiaries. 
 Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 
 Public Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b). 
 Public Information Failure Payments shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b). 
 Registration Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, among the Company and the Holders, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto. 
 Registration Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering the resale of the Underlying Shares by the Holder as provided for in the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e). 
 Required Minimum means, as of any date, 200 of the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the future pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including any Underlying Shares issuable upon exercise in full of the Warrant or conversion in full of the Note (including Underlying Shares issuable as payment of interest on the Note), ignoring any conversion or exercise limits set forth therein; provided, however, the Holder and the Company agree that initially, the Required Minimum shall be 12,000,000 shares of Common Stock to cover the Underlying Shares. 
 Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 
 Securities means the Note, the Warrant and the Underlying Shares. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Security Agreement means the Security Agreement, dated the date hereof, among the Company and the Holder, in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto. 
 Security Documents shall mean the Security Agreement, the Guaranty, the Pledged Securities, along with notarized executed blank stock powers to the Pledged Securities, and any other documents and filing required thereunder in order to grant the Holder a first priority security interest in the assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries as provided in the Security Agreement, including all UCC-1 filing receipts. 
 Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock). 
 Subscription Amount means, 6,750,000, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Note and Warrant purchased hereunder (as further described in Section 2.1 hereof) as specified below the Holder s name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof. 
 Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 
 Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Security Agreement, the Guaranty, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. 
 Transfer Agent means [American Stock Transfer], and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 
 Underlying Shares means the Warrant Shares and Conversion Shares, including without limitation, shares of Common Stock issued and issuable in lieu of the cash payment of interest on the Note in accordance with the terms of thereof, in each case without respect to any limitation or restriction on the conversion of the Note or the exercise of the Warrant. 
 Variable Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b). 
 VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 
 Warrant means that certain Common Stock Purchase Warrant delivered to the Holder at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Warrant shall be exercisable immediately following its issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto. 
 Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual promises hereinafter set forth, the Company and the Holder hereby agree as follows: 
 ARTICLE II 
 PURCHASE AND SALE 
 
 2.1	Closing . On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Holder agrees to purchase, the Note in the principal amount of 6,750,000. The parties hereto agree that, at Closing, (i) the Holder shall surrender for cancellation a term note dated November 12, 2021 in the principal face amount 1,300,000 previously issued by the Company to the Holder, including accrued but unpaid interest thereon in the amount of 123,123, and (ii) the advances made by Holder to the Company in the aggregate amount of 4,067,469 shall be cancelled and forgiven, and (iii) the Holders shall commit to funding the Company in the amount of 1,259,407 by no later than May 31, 2023 (the collectively, the Subscription Amount ), and the Company shall deliver to the Holder its Note and a Warrant, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and the Holder shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. 
 In the event that the Holder fails to pay the full Subscription Amount by May 31, 2023, the Company may, at its election, terminate this Agreement by returning the funds received by it hereunder within two Business Days thereafter, whereupon this Agreement shall be of no further force and effect and the Holder shall promptly surrender the pro rate portion of the Securities issued to it hereunder. 
 Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of the Holder or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. 
 2.2	Deliveries . 
 (a)	On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder the following: 
 (i)	this Agreement duly executed by the Company; 

(ii)	the Note duly executed by the Company; 
 		(iii)	The Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company; 
 (iv)	the Security Agreement, duly executed by the Company and each Subsidiary, along with all of the Security Documents, including the Guaranty, each duly executed by the respective parties thereto, the original Pledged Securities and corresponding stock powers; and 
 (v)	a five-year warrant (the Warrant to purchase 2 million shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. 
 (b)	On or prior to the Closing Date, the Holder shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following: 
 (i)	this Agreement duly executed by the Holder;	 
 (ii)	the Security Agreement duly executed by the Holder; and 
 (iii)	the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Holder. 
 2.3	Closing Conditions . 
 (a)	The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met: 
 (i)	the accuracy in all material respects on (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Holder contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date); 
 (ii)	all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Holder required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed in all material respects unless waived by the Company; and 
 (iii)	the delivery by the Holder of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement. 
 (b)	The obligations of the Holder hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met: 
 (i)	the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date); 
 (ii)	all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed in all material respects unless waived by the Holder; 
 (iii)	the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement; and 
 (iv)	there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 3.1	Representations and Warranties of the Company . Except as set forth in the disclosure schedules (the Disclosure Schedules ), which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Holder: 
 
 (a)	 Subsidiaries . All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) . Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) , the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens), and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each 

Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. 
 
 (b)	 Organization and Qualification . The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. 
 
 (c)	 Authorization; Enforcement . 
 
 (i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(c) , the Company s stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(ii) With respect to the Guaranty, each of the Subsidiaries has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by such agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Guaranty and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company, and no further action is required by the respective Subsidiary, its officers, directors, managers or its members in connection therewith. The Guaranty has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the respective Subsidiaries and, when delivered in accordance with the terms thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the respective Subsidiary enforceable against such Subsidiary in accordance with its terms, except (A) as limited by general equitable principals and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally, (B) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (C) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(d)	 No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company s or any Subsidiary s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(d) , conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (e)	 Filings, Consents and Approvals . After giving effect to the equity blockers set forth in the Note and Warrant, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.5 of this 

Agreement and (ii) the filing with the Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (collectively, the Required Approvals ). 
 
 (f)	 Issuance of the Securities . The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens (as defined in the Security Agreement) imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Underlying Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens)imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the Underlying Shares at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date hereof. 
 
 (g)	 Capitalization . The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) , which Schedule 3.1(g) also includes the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) , or as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Holder) and will not result in a right of the Holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company s stockholders. 
 
 (h)	 Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments . Since the date of the latest audited financial statements filed by the Company, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h) , (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company s financial statements pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h) , no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made. 
 
 (i)	 Litigation . There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. Other than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i) , there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 

(j)	 Labor Relations . No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company s or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employee s relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (k)	 Compliance . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (l)	 Environmental Laws . The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder Environmental Laws ); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (m)	 Regulatory Permits . The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect Material Permits ), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit. 
 
 (n)	 Title to Assets . Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(n) , the Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Permitted Liens, (ii) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (iii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance. 
 
 (o)	 Intellectual Property . The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights ). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements filed by the Company a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, 

confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (p)	 Insurance . The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be reasonably necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost. 
 
 (q)	 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees . Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(q) , none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of 120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company. 
 
 (r)	 Private Placement . Assuming the accuracy of the Holder s representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Holder as contemplated hereby. 
 
 (s)	 Application of Takeover Protections . The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company s articles of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Holders as a result of the Holders and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Company s issuance of the Securities and the Holders ownership of the Securities. 
 
 (t)	 Tax Status . Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. 
 
 (u)	 Foreign Corrupt Practices . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. 
 
 (v)	 Seniority . As of the Closing Date, other than the Permitted Indebtedness and Permitted Liens that ranks senior to the Note and is set forth on Schedule 3.1(v), no Indebtedness or other claim against the Company is senior to the Note in right of payment, whether with respect to interest or upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise, other than indebtedness secured by purchase money security interests (which is senior only as to underlying assets covered thereby) and capital lease obligations (which is senior only as to the property covered thereby). 
 
 (w)	 Acknowledgment Regarding Holder s Trading Activity . Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding, it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) the Holder has not been asked by the Company to agree, nor has the Holder agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by the Holder, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Company s publicly-traded securities, (iii) the Holder, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any the Holder is a party, directly or indirectly, may 

presently have a short position in the Common Stock and (iv) the Holder shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arm s length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Holders may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Underlying Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders' equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents. 
 
 (x)	 Regulation M Compliance . The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company. 
 
 (y)	 Stock Option Plans . Each stock option granted by the Company under the Company s stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Company s stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Company s stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects. 
 
 (z)	 Office of Foreign Assets Control . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
 
 (aa)	 Money Laundering . The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws ), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened. 
 
 (bb)	 No Disqualification Events . With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event ), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Holders a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder. 
 
 (cc)	 Promotional Stock Activities . Neither the Company, its officers, its directors, nor any affiliates or agents of the Company have engaged in any stock promotional activity that could give rise to a complaint, inquiry, or trading suspension by the Commission alleging (i) a violation of the anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws, (ii) violations of the anti-touting provisions, (iii) improper gun-jumping; or (iv) promotion without proper disclosure of compensation. 
 
 3.2	Representations and Warranties of the Holder . The Holder hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date): 
 
 (a)	 Organization; Authority . The Holder is an entity duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation with full company power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by the Holder of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary partnership action on the part of the Holder. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Holder, and when delivered by the Holder in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Holder, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting 

enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 
 
 (b)	 Own Account . The Holder understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting the Holder s right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Holder is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. 
 
 (c)	 Holder Status . At the time the Holder was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it exercises any Warrant or converts the Note it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act. 
 
 (d)	 Experience of The Holder . The Holder, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Holder is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 
 
 (e)	 General Solicitation . The Holder is not acquiring the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of the Holder, any other general solicitation or general advertisement. 
 
 ARTICLE IV. 
 OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 
 
 4.1	Transfer Restrictions . 
 
 (a)	The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of the Holder or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of the Holder under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 
 (b)	The Holder agrees to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following form: 
 
 NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 
 
 The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, the Holder may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Holder s expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of 

the Securities, including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder. 
 
 (c)	Certificates evidencing the Underlying Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrant), (iii) if such Underlying Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrant) or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Holder promptly if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by the Holder, respectively. If all or any portion of a Note is converted or Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Underlying Shares, or if such Underlying Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrant) as to such Underlying Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Underlying Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by the Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date ), deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends; provided that the Holder shall have previously delivered to the Company all documents required by the Company s Transfer Agent and/or counsel to deliver Shares that are free of restrictive legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Underlying Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holder s prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by the Holder. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Company s primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend. 
 
 (d)	In addition to the Holder s other available remedies, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each 1,000 of Underlying Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), 10 per Trading Day (increasing to 20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Holder by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by the Holder that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of Underlying Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by the Holder to the Company of the applicable Underlying Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (ii). 
 
 (e)	The Holder agrees with the Company that the Holder will sell any Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Company s reliance upon this understanding. 
 
 4.2	Furnishing of Information; Public Information . 
 
 (a)	Following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be filed registering the Underlying Shares for resale pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement and until the earliest of the time that (i) the Holder owns no Securities or (ii) the Warrant has expired, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 

(b) 	At any time during the period commencing from the twelve (12) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144 (i)(1)(i) or becomes an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure then, in addition to the Holder s other available remedies, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal to two percent (2.0 of the aggregate Subscription Amount of the Holder s Securities on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day (pro-rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Holders to transfer the Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments . Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5 per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit the Holder s right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. 
 
 4.3	Integration . The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 
 
 4.4	Conversion and Exercise Procedures . Each of the form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrant and the form of Notice of Conversion included in the Note set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holders in order to exercise the Warrant or convert the Note. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion form be required in order to exercise the Warrant or convert the Note. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise its Warrant or convert its Note. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrant and conversions of the Note and shall deliver Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents. 
 
 4.5	Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity . The Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents and a press release as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such Form 8-K, the Company represents to the Holder that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to the Holder by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company and the Holder shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases to be issued by the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Company shall not issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Holder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Holder, or include the name of the Holder in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of the Holder, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Holder with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b). 
 
 4.6	Shareholder Rights Plan . No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that the Holder is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that the Holder could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Holders. 
 
 4.7	Non-Public Information . Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.5, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, will provide the Holder or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Holder shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Holder shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company 

delivers any material, non-public information to the Holder without the Holder s consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Holder shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Holder shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that the Holder shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. 
 
 4.8	Use of Proceeds . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.8 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company s debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Company s business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations. 
 
 4.9	Indemnification of the Holder . Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.9, the Company will indemnify and hold the Holder and its directors, officers, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls the Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Holder Party harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any the Holder Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Holder Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of the Holder Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of the Holder Party s representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings the Holder Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by the Holder Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by the Holder Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against the Holder Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, the Holder Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Holder Party. The Holder Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Holder Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of the Holder Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to the Holder Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by the Holder Party effected without the Company s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to the Holder Party s breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Holder Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.9 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of the Holder Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law. 
 
 4.10	Reservation and Listing of Securities . 
 
 (a)	The Company shall maintain a reserve of the Required Minimum from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents. 
 
 (b)	If, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than the Required Minimum on such date, then the Board of Directors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to amend the Company s certificate or articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Required Minimum at such time, as soon as possible and in any event not later than the 75 th day after such date. 
 
 (c)	The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading Market an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date of such application, (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for listing or quotation on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter, (iii) provide to the Holders evidence of such 

listing or quotation and (iv) maintain the listing or quotation of such Common Stock on any date at least equal to the Required Minimum on such date on such Trading Market or another Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. 

4.11	Affiliate Transactions . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.11 , from the date hereof until the 15-month anniversary thereof, the Company will not be a party to any transaction with any director, officer or stockholder or such associate or affiliate or relative) for the extension of credit, compensation or a consulting agreement that is not in accordance with past practice, or the facilitation of any sale or pledge against such affiliate s shares of Common Stock in contravention of any lock-up agreement entered into by such affiliate in connection with the sale of the Note. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.11 , the Company shall not, so long as the Holder owns any portion of the Note, permit employee, officer, stockholder or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or member of his or her immediate family is indebted to the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, to become indebted (or committed to make loans or extend or guarantee credit) to any of them, other than (i) for payment of salary for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred on behalf of the Company, and (iii) for other standard employee benefits made generally available to all employees or executives (including stock option agreements outstanding under any stock option plan approved by the board of directors of the Company). The Company will honor and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its affiliates to honor all lock-up agreements entered into contemporaneously with this Agreement. 
 
 4.12	Subsequent Equity Sales . 
 
 (a)	Other than with respect to the Spartan Financing (as defined in the Note), from the date hereof until the 24-month anniversary thereof, if the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person (except as to any Person set forth on Schedule 4.12 hereto) to acquire shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price or Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price or Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price or Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price or Exercise Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 4.12(a), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 4.12(a), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares based upon the Base Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Price in the Notice of Conversion or Notice of Exercise. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 4.12(a) shall apply only so long as the Note has not been repaid 
 
 (b)	From the date hereof until the 24-month anniversary thereof, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. The Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. For the avoidance of doubt, the 24-month sunset on this Section 4.12(b) shall apply only so long as the Note is not in default or has otherwise been repaid; provided, however, that in the event that the proceeds of such Variable Rate Transaction are being used in whole or in part to defease any remaining balance due on the Note, then this provision shall not operate to prevent such Variable Rate Transaction. 
 
 (c)	Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance. 

4.13	Exchange Transactions . From the date hereof until the 24-month anniversary thereof, except as set forth on Schedule 4.13 , neither the Company nor any of its affiliates or Subsidiaries, nor any of its or their respective officers, employees, directors, agents or other representatives, will, without the prior written consent of the Holder (which consent may be withheld, delayed or conditioned in the Holder s sole discretion), directly or indirectly: (a) solicit, initiate, encourage or accept any other inquiries, proposals or offers from any Person (other than the Holder) relating to any exchange (i) of any security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for any other security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (ii) of any indebtedness or other securities of, or claim against, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relying on the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (any such transaction described in clauses (i) or (ii), an Exchange Transaction ); (b) enter into, effect, alter, amend, announce or recommend to its stockholders any Exchange Transaction with any Person (other than the Holder); or (c) participate in any discussions, conversations, negotiations or other communications with any Person (other than the Holder) regarding any Exchange Transaction, or furnish to any Person (other than the Holder) any information with respect to any Exchange Transaction, or otherwise cooperate in any way, assist or participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort or attempt by any Person (other than the Holder) to seek an Exchange Transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. In addition, for so long as any of the Securities remain outstanding, neither the Company nor any of its affiliates or Subsidiaries, nor any of its or their respective officers, employees, directors, agents or other representatives, will, without the prior written consent of the Holder (which consent may be withheld, delayed or conditioned in the Holder s sole discretion), directly or indirectly, cooperate in any way, assist or participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort or attempt by any Person (other than the Holder) to effect any acquisition of securities or indebtedness of, or claim against, the Company by such Person from an existing Holder of such securities, indebtedness or claim in connection with a proposed exchange of such securities or indebtedness of, or claim against, the Company (whether pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act or otherwise) (a Third Party Exchange Transfer ). The Company, its affiliates and Subsidiaries, and each of its and their respective officers, employees, directors, agents or other representatives shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated all existing discussions, conversations, negotiations and other communications with any Persons (other than the Holder) with respect to any of the foregoing. The Company shall promptly (and in no event later than 24 hours after receipt) notify (which notice shall be provided orally and in writing and shall identify the Person making the inquiry, request, proposal or offer and set forth the material terms thereof) the Holder after receipt of any inquiry, request, proposal or offer relating to any Exchange Transaction or Third Party Exchange Transfer, and shall promptly (and in no event later than 24 hours after receipt) provide copies to the Holder of any written inquiries, requests, proposals or offers relating thereto. The Company agrees that it and its affiliates and Subsidiaries, and each of its and their respective officers, employees, directors, agents or other representatives Subsidiaries will not enter into any agreement with any Person subsequent to the date hereof which prohibits the Company from providing any information to the Holder in accordance with this provision. For all purposes of this Agreement, violations of the restrictions set forth in this Section 3(h) by any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, or any officer, employee, director, agent or other representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates shall be deemed a direct breach of this Section 4.13 by the Company. 

ARTICLE V 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 5.1	Termination . This Agreement may be terminated by the Holder by written notice to the Company, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5 th Trading Day following the date hereof, provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties). 
 
 5.2	Fees and Expenses . Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party hereto shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion or exercise notice delivered by the Holder), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Holders. 
 
 5.3	Entire Agreement . The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 
 
 5.4	Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual 

receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 
 5.5	Amendments; Waivers . No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Holders or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts the Holder, the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon the Holder and the Company. 
 
 5.6	Headings . The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 
 
 5.7	Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Holder (other than by merger). The Holder may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom the Holder assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Holders. 
 
 5.8	No Third-Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.9. 
 
 5.9	Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that any and all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) (a Proceeding shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.9, the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding. 
 
 5.10	Survival . The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities. 
 
 5.11	Execution . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 
 
 5.12	Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that 

they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 
 
 5.13	Rescission and Withdrawal Right . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever the Holder exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then the Holder may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of a conversion of all or a portion of the Note or exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Holder shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded conversion or exercise notice concurrently with the return to the Holder of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of the Holder s right to acquire such shares pursuant to the Holder s Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right). 
 
 5.14	Replacement of Securities . If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities. 
 
 5.15	Remedies . In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Holders and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 
 
 5.16	Payment Set Aside . To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Holder pursuant to any Transaction Document or the Holder enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 
 
 5.17	Usury . To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any Action or Proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or remedy under any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction Documents from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Holder s election. 
 
 5.18	Liquidated Damages . The Company s obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled. 
 
 5.19	Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc . If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 
 
 5.20	Construction . The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to 

be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 5.21	 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 
 
 (Signature Pages Follow) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized signatory as of the date first indicated above. 

GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 

By:	__________________________________________ 
 Name: 	Jonathan Read 
 Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 

Address for Notice: 
 
 5990 Gleason Drive 
 Dublin, CA 94568 

[HOLDER SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 
 Name of Holder: Ault Lending, LLC 
 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder : ______________________________ 
 Name of Authorized Signatory: David J. Katzoff 
 Title of Authorized Signatory: Manager 
 Email Address of Authorized Signatory: David@Bitnile.com 
 Address for Notice to Holder: 	11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 240 
 Las Vegas, NV 89141 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Holder (if not same as address for notice): 

Subscription Amount: 6,750,000 
 
 Warrant Shares: 2,000,000 

Exhibit A 
 Note 
 
 Exhibit B 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 Exhibit C 
 Security Agreement 
 
 Exhibit D 
 Warrant 
 
 Exhibit E 
 Guaranty 

</EX-10.43>

<EX-10.44>
 9
 giga-ex10_44.htm
 EX-10.44

EX-10.44 

Execution Copy 
 
 Exhibit 10.44 
 REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 
 	This REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of December 31, 2022, between Giga-tronics, Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), and the holder signatory hereto (the Holder ). 
 
 WHEREAS , this Agreement is made and entered into pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and the Holder signatory thereto (the Purchase Agreement ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Holder agree as follows: 
 1. 	Definitions . Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 
 Advice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d). 
 
 Effectiveness Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, ninety (90) days from the Filing Date, provided , however , that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day. 
 
 Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 
 
 Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d). 
 
 Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d). 
 
 Filing Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, forty-five (45) days from the Closing Date, and, with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the earliest practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities. 
 
 Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c). 
 
 Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c). 
 
 Initial Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a). 
 
 Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus. 
 
 Registrable Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all of the shares of Common Stock then issued and issuable upon conversion in full of the Note (assuming on such date the Note is converted in full without regard to any conversion limitations therein), (b) all shares of Common Stock issued and issuable as interest or principal on the Note assuming all permissible interest and principal payments are made in shares of Common Stock and the Note is held until maturity, (c) all of the shares of Common Stock then issued and issuable upon exercise in full of the Warrant (assuming on such date the Warrant is exercised in full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), and (d) any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided, however , that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement 

hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the Holder (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company), as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice of counsel to the Company. 
 
 Registration Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration statements contemplated by Section 2 or Section 3(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement. 
 
 Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 
 
 Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 
 
 Selling Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). 
 
 SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act. 
 
 Spartan Financing means a proposed senior secured financing of up to 3,000,000 with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC as the placement agent on the terms and conditions described in the term sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

2.	Registration 
 
 (a) No later than the Filing Date, the Company shall file with the Commission the Initial Registration Statement relating to the resale by the Holder of all (or such other number as the Commission will permit) of the Registrable Securities on Form S-1. The Company shall undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as soon as such form is available; provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 3(c)) to be declared effective under the Securities Act within forty-five (45) days after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the Holder (the Effectiveness Period ). The Company shall telephonically request effectiveness of a Registration Statement as of 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time on a Trading Day. The Company shall immediately notify the Holder via facsimile or by e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with the Commission, which shall be the date requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission as required by Rule 424. Failure to so notify the Holder within one (1) Trading Day of such notification of effectiveness or failure to file a final Prospectus as aforesaid shall be deemed an Event under Section 2(g). 

(b) Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holder thereof and use its best efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary 

2 

offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e); with respect to filing on Form S-3 or other appropriate form, and subject to the provisions of Section 2(d) with respect to the payment of liquidated damages; provided , however , that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09. 

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and subject to the payment of liquidated damages pursuant to Section 2(d), if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by the Holder, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows: 

(i) first, the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included by any Person other than the Holder; and 

(ii) second, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Conversion Shares. 

In the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to the Holder s allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-1 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended. 
 
 (iii) Provided that no event of default exists under the Purchase Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, if: (i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to the Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration Statement without providing the Holder the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section 3(a) herein, the Company shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause (i)) or (ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, within one (1) Trading Day of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of such Registration Statement within ten (10) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the Initial Registration Statement, or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holder is otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event , and for purposes of clause (i) thirty (30) calendar days after the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii), the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date which such fifteen (15) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such ten (10) or fifteen (15) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as Event Date ), then, in addition to any other rights the Holder may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date thereafter (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) or any pro rata portion thereof, until the applicable Event is cured or sixty (60) calendar days after the applicable Event Date, whichever occurs first, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of one percent (1.0 multiplied by the aggregate amount paid by the Holder for the Note and the Warrant pursuant to the Purchase Agreement; provided that the maximum amount payable thereunder shall not exceed 4 of such aggregate amount paid by the Holder. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven (7) days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. 

(iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein but subject to comments by the Commission, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate of the Holder as an underwriter without the prior written consent of the Holder. 

3. 	Registration Procedures . 
 
 In connection with the Company s registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall have the following obligations: 
 3 

(a) Not less than three (3) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to the Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of the Holder, and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to the Holder. Notwithstanding the above, the Company shall not be obligated to provide the Holder advance copies of any universal registration statement registering securities in addition to those required hereunder, or any Prospectus prepared thereto. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Holder shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later than five (5) Trading Days after the Holder has been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holder has been furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto. The Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex A (a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire on a date that is not less than two (2) Trading Days prior to the Filing Date or by the end of the fourth (4 th Trading Day following the date on which the Holder receives draft materials in accordance with this Section. 

(b) The Company shall (i) prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably practicable to the Holder true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with the intended methods of disposition by the Holder thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented. 

(c) If during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100 of the number of shares of Common Stock then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case, prior to the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holder of not less than the number of such Registrable Securities. 

(d) The Company shall notify the Holder (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible (and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus, provided , however , in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

4 

(e) The Company shall use its best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment. 

(f) The Company shall furnish to the Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission; provided, that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form. 

(g) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by the Holder in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d). 

(h) The Company shall cooperate with any broker-dealer through which the Holder proposes to resell its Registrable Securities in effecting a filing with the FINRA Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110, as requested by the Holder, and the Company shall pay the filing fee required by such filing within two (2) Business Days of receipt of a request therefor. 

(i) Prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by the Holder, the Company shall use its best efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the Holder in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement; provided, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. 

(j) If requested by the Holder, the Company shall cooperate with the Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Holder may request. 

(k) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into account the Company s good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holder in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holder shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(k) to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise required pursuant to Section 2(g), for a period not to exceed sixty (60) calendar days (which need not be consecutive days) in any 12-month period. 

(l) The Company shall comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission. 

(m) The Company may require from the Holder a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and the name(s) of the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the Common Stock underlying the Note. During any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities solely because the Holder fails to furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Company s request, any liquidated damages that are accruing at such time as to the Holder shall be tolled. 

4. 	Registration Expenses . All fees and expenses incident to the performance of, or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common 
 5 

Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which the Holder intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110, so long as the broker is receiving no more than a customary brokerage commission in connection with such sale, (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any Holder or, except to the extent provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holder. 
 
 5. 	Indemnification . 
 
 (a) Indemnification by the Company . The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless the Holder, its officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls the Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding the Holder furnished in writing to the Company by the Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to the Holder or the Holder s proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by the Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi), the use by the Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified the Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by the Holder and prior to the receipt by the Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(d), but only if and to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice the misstatement or omission giving rise to such Loss would have been corrected. The Company shall notify the Holder promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holder in accordance with Section 6(h). 

(b) Indemnification by the Holder . The Holder shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: (x) the Holder s failure to comply with any applicable prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act through no fault of the Company or (y) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so furnished in writing by the Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such Prospectus, (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to the Holder s proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by the Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or (iii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi), to the extent, but only to the extent, related to the use by the Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified the Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise 

6 

unavailable for use by the Holder and prior to the receipt by the Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(d), but only if and to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice the misstatement or omission giving rise to such Loss would have been corrected. In no event shall the liability of any selling Holder under this Section 5(b) be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by the Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation. 

(c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings . If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified Party ), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof; provided, that, the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party. 

An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses; (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding; or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding. 
 
 Subject to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten (10) Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party; provided, that, the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder. 
 
 (d) Contribution . If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms. 

The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5(d), no Holder shall be required to contribute pursuant to this Section 5(d), in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by the Holder from the sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any damages that the Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 
 
 The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties. 
 
 7 

6. 	Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Remedies . In the event of a breach by the Company or by the Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, the Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and the Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

(b) No Piggyback on Registrations; Prohibition on Filing Other Registration Statements . Neither the Company nor any of its security holders (other than the Holder in such capacity pursuant hereto) may include securities of the Company in any Registration Statements other than the Registrable Securities. The Company shall not file any other registration statements until all Registrable Securities are registered pursuant to a Registration Statement that is declared effective by the Commission, provided that this Section 6(b) shall not prohibit the Company from filing a registration statement on Form S-3 or other available form for a primary offering by the Company, provided that the Company makes no offering of securities pursuant to such registration statement prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement required hereunder that includes all of the Registrable Securities. 

(c) Compliance . The Holder covenants and agrees that it will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to it (unless an exemption therefrom is available) in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement. 

(d) Discontinued Disposition . By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, the Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi), the Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company agrees and acknowledges that any periods during which the Holder is required to discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities hereunder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2(d). 

(e) Piggy-Back Registrations . If, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, there is not an effective Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities and the Company shall determine to prepare and file with the Commission a registration statement relating to an offering for its own account or the account of others under the Securities Act of any of its equity securities, other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as promulgated under the Securities Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any entity or business or equity securities issuable in connection with the Company s stock option or other employee benefit plans, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a written notice of such determination and, if within fifteen (15) days after the date of the delivery of such notice, the Holder shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in such registration statement all or any part of such Registrable Securities the Holder requests to be registered; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to register any Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 6(e) that are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 (without volume restrictions or current public information requirements) promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act or that are the subject of a then effective Registration Statement. 

(f) Amendments and Waivers . The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and the Holder. 

(g) Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

(h) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties hereto and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Holder. The Holder may assign its hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement. 

(i) No Inconsistent Agreements . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holder in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 6(i) , neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has previously entered into any agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full. 

8 

(j) Execution and Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all parties hereto need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 

(k) Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

(l) Cumulative Remedies . The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. 

(m) Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their best efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties hereto that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

(n) Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

(o) Subordination . The registration rights granted hereunder are subordinated to the registration rights granted pursuant to the Spartan Financing. 

(Signature Pages Follow) 
 9 

Execution Copy 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 
 GIGA-TRONICS, INCORPORATED 

By:	__________________________________________ 
 Name: 	Jonathan Read 
 Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 
 
 AULT LENDING, LLC 

By:	__________________________________________ 
 Name: 	David J. Katzoff 
 Title: 	Manager 

Execution Copy 

SCHEDULE 6(i) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreements 

The Company s existing holders have agreed to waive any and all registration rights granted by the Company until the Company s obligations to the Holder under this agreement have been satisfied in full. 

ANNEX A 
 
 GIGA-TRONICS, INCORPORATED 
 
 Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire 
 The undersigned beneficial owner of shares of common stock (the Registrable Securities of GIGA-TRONICS , INCORPORATED (the Company ), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission a registration statement (the Registration Statement for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement to which this document is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 Certain legal consequences arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. 
 NOTICE 
 The undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Stockholder of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned by it in the Registration Statement. 
 
 2 

The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate: 
 QUESTIONNAIRE 
 1.	Name. 
 	(a)	Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder 

(b)	Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held: 

(c)	Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire): 

2. Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder: 

Telephone: 

Fax: 

Contact Person: 

3. Broker-Dealer Status: 
 	(a)	Are you a broker-dealer? 
 	Yes 	No 
 	(b)	If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company? 
 	Yes 	No 
 	Note:	If no to Section 3(b), the Commission s staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 
 	(c)	Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer? 
 	Yes 	No 
 	(d)	If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities? 
 	Yes 	No 
 3 

Note:	If no to Section 3(d), the Commission s staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 
 4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder. 
 Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 
 	(a)	Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder: 

5. Relationships with the Company: 
 Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5 of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years. 
 	State any exceptions here: 

The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates. 
 By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent. 
 Date: 	 	Beneficial Owner: 
 
 		AULT LENDING, LLC 

By:	__________________________________________ 
 Name: 	David J. Katzoff 
 Title: 	Manager 

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO: 
 
 Michael Harris, Esq. 
 mharris@nasonyeager.com 
 
 5 

</EX-10.44>

<EX-10.45>
 10
 giga-ex10_45.htm
 EX-10.45

EX-10.45 

Execution Copy 
 
 Exhibit 10.45 
 NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

Original Issue Date: December 31, 2022 
 Original Principal Amount: 6,750,000.00 

10 SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 DUE DECEMBER 31, 2024 

THIS 10 SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE is a duly authorized and validly issued debt obligation of Giga-tronics, Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company or the Borrower ), having its principal place of business at 5990 Gleason Drive, Dublin, CA 94568, designated as its 10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note due December 31, 2024 (the Note ). 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to Ault Lending, LLC, or its registered assigns (the Holder ), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of 6,750,000.00, Late Fees (as defined below), and any other sums due hereunder on December 31, 2024 (the Maturity Date ), or such earlier date as this Note is required to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Note in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Note is subject to the following additional provisions: 
 Section 1 .	 Definitions . For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Note, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 Announced Distribution means the proposed distribution by BitNile of 6,880,128 shares of the Company s Common Stock to BitNile s shareholders that was announced by BitNile on November 9, 2022. 
 Bankruptcy Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof; (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within sixty (60) days after commencement; (c) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; (d) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or stayed within sixty (60) calendar days after such appointment; (e) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (f) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts; or (g) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 
 Base Share Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c) . 
 Board of Directors means the Company s board of directors. 
 Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which the New York Federal Reserve Bank is closed. 

Buy-In shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(v). 
 
 Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of fifty percent (50 of the voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion of the Note), (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than fifty-one percent (51 of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Company sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than fifty-one percent (51 of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or (e) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above. 
 Common Stock means the common stock, no par value, of the Company 
 Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) . 
 Conversion Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b) . 
 Conversion Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 DTC means the Depository Trust Company. 
 
 DTC Chill shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a)(vii) . 
 
 DWAC means Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC. 
 
 Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a) . 
 Purchase Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2022, by and between the Company and the Holder, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 
 Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors, advisors or independent contractors of the Company issued pursuant to a Company s equity incentive plan and reserved for such purpose or, provided it is scheduled to the Purchase Agreement, otherwise as compensation for services provided to the Company, (b) shares of Common Stock issued for consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or similar business combination approved by the Board of Directors; (c) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution approved by the Board of Directors, or (d) shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Holder has waived its anti-dilution rights. 
 
 Late Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b) . 
 Mandatory Default Amount means the payment of 110 of the outstanding principal amount of this Note and accrued and unpaid interest hereon, in addition to the payment of all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this Note. 
 New York Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(d) . 
 Note Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c) . 
 Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) . 
 2 

Original Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of the Note, regardless of any transfers of any Note and regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Note. 
 Purchase Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d) . 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii) . 
 Spartan Financing means a proposed senior secured financing of up to 3,000,000 with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC as the placement agent on the terms and conditions described in the term sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 Subsequent Financing means any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) for cash consideration, Indebtedness (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or a combination of units thereof. 
 Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 
 Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, any market or quotation service of the OTC Markets Group or the OTC Bulletin Board (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 
 Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company issues or sells Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents either (i) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (ii) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock (other than pursuant to terms and conditions applicable to such Common Stock Equivalents in effect as of the date hereof and disclosed in filings of the Company with the Commission prior to the date hereof). 
 VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTC Bulletin Board is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin Board, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets published by Pink OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 
 
 Section 2.	Interest . 
 (a) Payment of Interest in Cash or Kind . Subject to Section 2(b) and Section 7 , the Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Note at the rate of ten percent (10 per annum. All interest payments hereunder shall be payable, in the Holder s discretion, in cash, or in Common Stock at the Conversion Price. Accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable on each Conversion Date, on the Maturity Date, or as otherwise set forth herein. 

(b) Late Fee . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Company shall pay a late fee in cash or, at Holder s discretion, in shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Note at an interest rate equal to the lesser of eighteen percent (18 per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the Late Fees which shall accrue daily from the date of the occurrence and during the continuance of such Event of Default hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full. Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Note (the Note Register ). 

3 

(c) Interest Calculations . Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve (12) thirty (30) calendar day periods, and shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered on the Note Register. 

Section 3.	Registration of Transfers and Exchanges . 
 (a) Different Denominations . This Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Notes of different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange. 

(b) Investment Representations . This Note has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations. 

(c) Reliance on Note Register . Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Note, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Note is duly registered on the Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Note is overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

Section 4.	Conversion . 
 (a) Voluntary Conversion . At any time after the Original Issue Date until this Note is no longer outstanding, this Note shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (subject to the conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d) hereof. The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as Annex A (each, a Notice of Conversion ), specifying therein the principal amount of this Note to be converted and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the Conversion Date ). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Note, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Note in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company may deliver an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

(b) Conversion Price . The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date that is a voluntary conversion by the Holder shall be equal to the lesser of (i) 0.78 per share or the ten-day trailing VWAP of the shares of Common Stock on such date (the VWAP Price less a twenty percent (20 discount to such VWAP Price, but in no event less than 0.25 per share (the Conversion Price ). In addition, all principal and outstanding interest under the Convertible Note will automatically convert to the Company s common stock upon (i) the consummation of a single public offering of securities in which the Company receives net proceeds (net of underwriters discounts and selling commissions) of at least 25 million (a Qualified Public Offering ), in which case the conversion price shall be the price at which the Common Stock is sold to the public, provided, however, that no underwriters discounts or selling commissions shall be imposed on such conversion, (ii) the consummation of a private or public offering of shares of Common Stock that is not a Qualified Public Offering but that results in the net proceeds (net of underwriters discounts and selling commissions) to the Company of at least 5 million (a Non-Qualified Offering ), in which case the conversion price shall be the price at which Common Stock is sold in such Non-Qualified Offering less a twenty-five percent (25 discount or (iii) December 31, 2024, in which case the conversion price shall be the VWAP Price less a twenty-five percent (25 discount to such VWAP Price. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7 hereof and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law. 

(c) Mechanics of Conversion . 

4 

i. Conversion Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount . The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Note to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price. 

ii. Delivery of Certificate Upon Conversion . Not later than three (3) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date ), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the Conversion Shares which, on or after the six (6)-month anniversary of the Original Issue Date shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of this Note and (B) at the Holder s discretion, a bank check in the amount of the Late Fees. Except in the case of any certificate or certificates bearing a restrictive legend, all certificate or certificates required to be delivered by the Company under this Section 4(c) shall be delivered electronically through the DTC or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. If the Conversion Date is prior to the twelve (12)-month anniversary of the Original Issue Date, then the Conversion Shares shall bear a restrictive legend in the following form, as appropriate: 

THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 
 iii. Failure to Deliver Certificates . If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such certificate or certificates are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any original Note delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Common Stock certificates issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice. 

iv. Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages . The Company s obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided , however , that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this Note shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal or accrued interest amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of this Note shall have been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 150 of the outstanding principal amount of this Note, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Company shall issue Conversion Shares or, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each 1,000 of principal amount being converted, 10 per Trading Day (increasing to 20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5 th Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Share Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the maximum amount of liquidated damages that must be paid by the Company pursuant to this Section 4(c)(iv) shall be an amount equal to ten percent (10 of the aggregate principal amount being converted. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7 hereof for the Company s failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such 

5 

rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law. 

v. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Conversion . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) , and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Note in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii) . For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of this Note with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of 10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

vi. Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion . The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to 200 of the Required Minimum (to be adjusted monthly) for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Note and payment of interest on this Note, each as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Note), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5 upon the conversion of the then outstanding principal amount of this Note and payment of interest hereunder. The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

vii. Fractional Shares . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Note. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share. 

viii. Transfer Taxes and Expenses . The issuance of certificates for shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Note shall be made without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such certificates, provided that, the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Note so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion. 

(d)	 Holder s Conversion Limitations . The Company shall not effect any conversion of principal and/or interest of this Note, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any principal and/or interest of this Note, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, any other Notes) beneficially owned 
 6 

by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 4(d) applies, the determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which principal amount of this Note is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holder s determination of whether this Note may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and which principal amount of this Note is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent to the Company each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 4(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Company, or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder. The Holder, upon not less than sixty-one (61) days prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(e) shall continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the sixty-first (61 st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. 
 Section 5.	Certain Adjustments . 
 (a) Stock Dividends and Stock Splits . If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of, or payment of interest on, the Note), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 

(b) Lower Priced Transaction . So long as this Note remains outstanding or the Holder holds any Conversion Shares, and excluding any Exempt Issuances, the Company shall not enter into any financing transaction pursuant to which the Company sells its securities at a price lower than the Conversion Price (subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 4(b) and Section 5(a) above) without the written consent of the Holder. 

(c) Most Favored Nation Status . So long as this Note remains outstanding or the Holder holds any Conversion Shares, in the event that the Company issues or sells any notes, if the Holder then reasonably believes that the terms and conditions appurtenant to such issuance or sale provide anti-dilution or other full-ratchet protective provisions to such investors that were not granted to the Holder hereunder, upon notice to the Company by Holder within five (5) Trading Days after the Company s disclosure of such issuance or sale, the Company shall amend the terms of the Note, so as to give Holder the benefit of such anti-dilution or other full-ratchet protective provisions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments shall be made, paid or issued under this Section 5(c) with respect to an Exempt Issuance. 

(d) Subsequent Rights Offerings . If at any time while the Note is outstanding the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares 

7 

of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

(e) Pro Rata Distributions . During such time as this Note is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Note, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Note (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution provided , however , to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

(f) Calculations . All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 5 , the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding. 

(g) Notice to the Holder . 

i. Adjustment to Conversion Price . Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5 , the Company shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Note, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Note Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Note during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

8 

Section 6.	Negative Covenants 
 
 The Company shall not, whether directly or indirectly, by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise, and shall not permit any Subsidiary, to: 
 
 (a)	in any manner alter or change the powers or rights of the shares of Common Stock; 
 
 (b)	set aside assets for a sinking or other similar fund for the purchase, redemption, or retirement of, or redeem, purchase, retire, or otherwise acquire any shares of the Common Stock or of any other capital stock of the Company, whether now or hereafter outstanding; except for the repurchase from employees of the Company, pursuant to the provisions of the Company s stock option plan, upon such employees termination of employment with the Company, of shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to stock option exercises by or underlying stock option grants to such employees pursuant to the terms of stock option agreements between the Company and such employees; 
 
 (c)	take any action to amend, modify, alter or repeal any provision of its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws which would have an adverse effect on the shares of Common Stock taken as a whole; 
 
 (d)	take any action to alter the number of members of the Board, or designate classes of directors other than as required by the federal securities laws or the rules of any market on which the Company s securities are listed; 
 
 (e)	other than in connection with the Announced Distribution take any action to effect or permit, or offer or agree to effect or permit, a liquidation, or a Change of Control Transaction, of the Company or any material Subsidiary; 
 
 (f)	discontinue the businesses in which it or any material Subsidiary is engaged as of the Closing Date; 
 
 (g)	enter into or permit any Subsidiary to enter into any transaction with any of the Company's officers, directors or employees or any Person directly or indirectly controlled by or under common control with the Company or any of its officers, directors or employees (a Related Party including, without limitation, any transaction for the purchase, sale or exchange of property or the rendering of any service to or by any Related Party, except for transactions entered into in the ordinary course with employees (excluding the principal stockholders or their affiliates) that are approved by the Board including the unanimous approval of the independent members thereof; 
 
 (h)	except in connection with Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the Security Agreement), incur indebtedness for borrowed money, purchase money indebtedness or lease obligations that would be required to be capitalized on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or guaranty the obligations of any other Person, in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding in excess of 1,000,000 in any individual transaction or 2,500,000 in the aggregate; or 
 (i)	enter into an agreement to do any of the things described in clauses (a) through (h) of this Section 6. 
 
 Section 7.	Events of Default . 
 (a) Event of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): 

i. any default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Note or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing to a Holder on any Note, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under clause (B) above, is not cured within three (3) Trading Days; 

ii. the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Note (other than a breach by the Company of its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach is addressed in clause (ix) below), including, but not limited to, a breach of Section 7(l) , which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) five (5) Trading Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) ten (10) Trading Days after the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure; 

iii. a default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument) shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below); 

9 

iv. any representation or warranty made in this Note or any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made; 

v. the Company or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event; 

vi. the Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an obligation greater than 100,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable; 

vii. the transfer of shares of Common Stock through the DTC System is no longer available or chilled DTC Chill and the Company has not cured such DTC Chill within thirty (30) Trading Days from receipt of notice that a DTC Chill has occurred; 

viii. other than in connection with the Announced Distribution, the Company shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction or shall agree to sell or dispose of all or in excess of fifty percent (50 of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or not such sale would constitute a Change of Control Transaction; 

ix. the Company shall fail for any reason to deliver certificates representing the Conversion Shares via DWAC to the Holder prior to the second (2 nd Trading Day after a Conversion Date, or the Company shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, of the Company s intention to not honor requests for conversions of the Note in accordance with the terms hereof; 

x. the Company fails to file the Registration Statement within ninety (90) days of the Closing Date or fails to cause the Registration Statement to become effective within one hundred and fifty (150) days of the Closing Date (the Effective Date ); 

xi. the Company fails to file with the SEC any required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act such that it is not in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) after the Effective Date; 

xii. if the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary shall: (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of it or any of its properties; (ii) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature; (iii) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (iv) be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent or be the subject of an order for relief under Title 11 of the United States Code or any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law or statute of any other jurisdiction or foreign country; or (v) file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or a petition or an answer seeking reorganization or an arrangement with creditors or to take advantage or any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law or statute, or an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any proceeding under any such law, or (vi) take or permit to be taken any action in furtherance of or for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

xiii. if any order, judgment or decree shall be entered, without the application, approval or consent of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary, by any court of competent jurisdiction, approving a petition seeking liquidation or reorganization of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or appointing a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or of all or any substantial part of its assets, and such order, judgment or decree shall continue unstayed and in effect for any period of sixty (60) days; 

xiv. the occurrence of any levy upon or seizure or attachment of, or any uninsured loss of or damage to, any property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary having an aggregate fair value or repair cost (as the case may be) in excess of 100,000 individually or in the aggregate, and any such levy, seizure or attachment shall not be set aside, bonded or discharged within forty-five (45) days after the date thereof; 

xv. the Company shall fail to maintain a sufficient number of reserved shares pursuant to Section 4(c)(vi) hereof and the Purchase Agreement; or 

10 

xvi. any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective property or other assets for more than 100,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of forty-five (45) calendar days. 

(b) Remedies Upon Event of Default . Subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation as set forth in Section 4(c), if any Event of Default occurs, then the outstanding principal amount of this Note, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holder s election, immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount. After the occurrence of any Event of Default that results in the eventual acceleration of this Note, the interest rate on this Note shall accrue at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 1.5 per month (18 per annum) or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Upon the payment in full of the Mandatory Default Amount, the Holder shall promptly surrender this Note to or as directed by the Company. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Note until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 7(b) . No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. The Mandatory Default Amount, whether payable in cash or in shares, shall be due and payable or issuable, as the case may be, within five (5) Trading Days of the date on which the notice for the payment therefor is provided by a Holder (the Default Payment Date ). If the Company fails to pay in full the Mandatory Default Amount hereunder on the date such amount is due in accordance with this Section 7(b) (whether in cash or shares of Common Stock), the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate equal to the lesser of 1.5 per month (18 per annum) or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, accruing from such date until the Mandatory Default Amount plus all such interest thereon, is paid in full. 

Section 8.	Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, electronically, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other facsimile number, email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 8(a) . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, electronically, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, email address or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such facsimile number, email address or address appears on the books of the Company, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. 

(b) Absolute Obligation . Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued but unpaid interest, as applicable, on this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Note is a direct debt obligation of the Company. 

(c) Lost or Mutilated Note . If this Note shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Note, a new Note for the principal amount of this Note so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Note, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company. 

(d) Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the New York Courts ). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such 

11 

New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

(e) Waiver . Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of the Company or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Note on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing. 

(f) Severability . If any provision of this Note is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted. 

(g) Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief . The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holder s right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Company s compliance with the terms and conditions of this Note. 

(h) Next Business Day . Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. 

(i) Headings . The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

(j) Secured Obligation . The obligations of the Company under this Note are secured by all assets of the Company and each Subsidiary pursuant to the Security Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2022 between the Company, the Subsidiaries of the Company and the Secured Parties (as defined therein). 

(Signature Page Follows) 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated. 

GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 

By:__________________________________________ Name: Jonathan Read Title: Chief Executive Officer Facsimile No. for delivery of Notices: _______________ 

ANNEX A 
 NOTICE OF CONVERSION 
 The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the 10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note due December 31, 2024 of Giga-tronics Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), into shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance therewith. No fee will be charged to the holder for any conversion, except for such transfer taxes, if any. 
 The undersigned agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock. 
 Conversion Information 
 Date to Effect Conversion: 	 							 	 
 Outstanding Principal:		 							 
 Outstanding Interest:		 							 
 Principal Amount of Note to be Converted:	 					 
 Interest Amount of Note to be Converted:	 					 		 
 Conversion Price Calculations: 
 Total Shares of Common Stock to be Issued:						 
 Outstanding Principal After Conversion: 	 					 	 
 Outstanding Interest After Conversion:		 					 					 

DWAC Instructions Broker: DTC#: Account: Account Name: 
 Physical Delivery Issue to: Address: 

Entity Name: 	 				 	 
 Signatory Name:	 				 
 Title:			 				 
 Signature: 		 				 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-10.46>
 11
 giga-ex10_46.htm
 EX-10.46

EX-10.46 

Execution Copy 
 
 Exhibit 10.46 
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 This SECURITY AGREEMENT , dated as of December 31, 2022 (this Agreement ), is by and among Giga-tronics, Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), Microsource, Inc, a California company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and Gresham Worldwide, Inc., a Delaware company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (each, a Guarantor and, together with the Company, the Debtor or Debtors ), and the holder of the Company s 10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note due December 31, 2024, in the original principal amount of 6,750,000.00 (the Note signatory hereto, its endorsees, transferees and assigns (collectively, the Secured Party ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (as defined in the Note), the Secured Party has agreed to provide the loans to the Company evidenced by the Note; and 
 WHEREAS , in order to induce the Secured Party to provide the loan evidenced by the Note, the Debtor has agreed to execute and deliver to the Secured Party this Agreement and to grant the Secured Party, through the Agent (as defined in Section 18 hereof), a security interest in certain property of such Debtor to secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of all of the Company s obligations under the Note. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 1.	Certain Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1 . Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement that are defined in Article 9 of the UCC (such as account, chattel paper, commercial tort claim, deposit account, document, equipment, fixtures, general intangibles, goods, instruments, inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, proceeds and supporting obligations shall have the respective meanings given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC. 
 Collateral means the collateral in which the Secured Party is granted a security interest by this Agreement and which shall comprise all the assets of the Debtor, including, without limitation, the following personal property of the Debtor, whether presently owned or existing or hereafter acquired or coming into existence, wherever situated, and all additions and accessions thereto and all substitutions and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products and accounts thereof, including, without limitation, all proceeds from the sale or transfer of the Collateral and of insurance covering the same and of any tort claims in connection therewith, and all dividends, interest, cash, notes, securities, equity interest or other property at any time and from time to time acquired, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any or all of the Pledged Securities (as defined below): 
 (i)	All goods, including, without limitation, (A) all machinery, equipment, computers, motor vehicles, trucks, tanks, boats, ships, appliances, furniture, special and general tools, fixtures, test and quality control devices and other equipment of every kind and nature and wherever situated, together with all documents of title and documents representing the same, all additions and accessions thereto, replacements therefor, all parts therefor, and all substitutes for any of the foregoing and all other items used and useful in connection with any Debtor s businesses and all improvements thereto; and (B) all inventory; 
 (ii)	All contract rights and other general intangibles, including, without limitation, all partnership interests, membership interests, stock or other securities of the Debtors, rights under any of the Organizational Documents (as defined below), agreements related to the Pledged Securities, licenses, distribution and other agreements, computer software (whether off-the-shelf, licensed from any third party or developed by any Debtor), computer software development rights, leases, franchises, customer lists, quality control procedures, grants and rights, goodwill, Intellectual Property (as defined below) and income tax refunds; 
 (iii)	All accounts, together with all instruments, all documents of title representing any of the foregoing, all rights in any merchandising, goods, equipment, motor vehicles and trucks which any of the same may represent, and all right, title, security and guaranties with respect to each account, including any right of stoppage in transit; 
 (iv)	All documents, letter-of-credit rights, instruments and chattel paper; 
 (v)	All commercial tort claims; 
 (vi)	All deposit accounts and all cash (whether or not deposited in such deposit accounts); 

(vii)	All investment property; 
 (viii)	All supporting obligations; 
 (ix)	All files, records, books of account, business papers, and computer programs; and 
 (x)	the products and proceeds of all of the foregoing Collateral set forth in clauses (i)-(ix) above. 
 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral shall include all investment property and general intangibles respecting ownership and/or other equity interests in the Guarantor, including, without limitation, the shares of capital stock and the other equity interests listed on Schedule G hereto (as the same may be modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof), and any other shares of capital stock and/or other equity interests of any other direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor obtained in the future, and, in each case, all certificates representing such shares and/or equity interests and, in each case, all rights, options, warrants, stock, other securities and/or equity interests that may hereafter be received, receivable or distributed in respect of, or exchanged for, any of the foregoing and all rights arising under or in connection with the Pledged Securities, including, but not limited to, all dividends, interest and cash. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute an assignment of any asset which, in the event of an assignment, becomes void by operation of applicable law or the assignment of which is otherwise prohibited by applicable law (in each case to the extent that such applicable law is not overridden by Sections 9-406, 9-407 and/or 9 408 of the UCC or other similar applicable law); provided , however , that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in such asset and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in the proceeds of such asset. 
 Exchange Note means that Secured Convertible Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 4,369,932 issued by the Debtor to BitNile Holdings, Inc. 
 Intellectual Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including, without limitation, (i) all copyrights arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including, without limitation, all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Copyright Office, (ii) all letters patent of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, all reissues and extensions thereof, and all applications for letters patent of the United States or any other country and all divisions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, (iii) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade dress, service marks, logos, domain names and other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, whether in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, or otherwise, and all common law rights related thereto, (iv) all trade secrets arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, (v) all rights to obtain any reissues, renewals or extensions of the foregoing, (vi) all licenses for any of the foregoing, and (vii) all causes of action for infringement of the foregoing. 
 Necessary Endorsement means undated stock powers endorsed in blank or other proper instruments of assignment duly executed and such other instruments or documents as the Agent (as that term is defined below) may reasonably request. 
 Obligations means all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of any Debtor to the Secured Party under this Agreement, the Note, the Guaranty and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, in each case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from the Secured Party as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, interest and any other amounts owed under the Note as set forth in the Note (ii) any and all obligations due under the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement); (iii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Debtors from time to time under or in connection with this Agreement, the Note, the Transaction Documents and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith; and (iv) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving any Debtor. 
 2 

Organizational Documents means, with respect to any Debtor, the documents by which such Debtor was organized (such as articles of incorporation, certificate of incorporation, certificate of limited partnership or articles of organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and which relate to the internal governance of such Debtor (such as bylaws, a partnership agreement or an operating, limited liability or members agreement). 
 Permitted Indebtedness means (i) indebtedness evidenced by the Note and the Secured Note (ii) indebtedness existing as of the closing date, (iii) intercompany indebtedness, (iv) indebtedness for intercompany loans, (v) indebtedness in an amount not to exceed 100,000, and (vi) indebtedness in connection with the Spartan Financing. 
 Permitted Liens means the following: 
 (i)	liens (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in good faith, which in each case, have been appropriately reserved for; 
 (ii)	Carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in good faith; 
 (iii)	Pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations; 
 (iv)	Deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 
 (v)	liens under this Agreement; 
 (vi)	liens in favor of lenders in connection with the Note and the Secured Note; and 
 (vii)	Any other liens in favor of the Secured Party. 
 Pledged Securities shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(j) . 
 Secured Note means that certain 10 Secured Convertible Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 4,369,932 issued by the Debtor to BitNile Holdings, Inc. 
 Spartan Financing means a proposed senior secured financing of up to 3,000,000 with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC as the placement agent on the terms and conditions described in the term sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 UCC shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase Agreement. It is the intent of the parties that defined terms in the UCC should be construed in their broadest sense so that the term Collateral will be construed in its broadest sense. Accordingly if there are, from time to time, changes to defined terms in the UCC that broaden the definitions, they are incorporated herein and if existing definitions in the UCC are broader than the amended definitions, the existing ones shall be controlling. 
 2.	Grant of Security Interest in Collateral . As an inducement for the Secured Party to extend the loan as evidenced by the Note and to secure the complete and timely payment, performance and discharge in full, as the case may be, of all of the Obligations, upon the execution hereof, (a) the Company hereby unconditionally and irrevocably pledges, grants and hypothecates to the Secured Party a perfected, first priority security interest in and to, a lien upon and a right of set-off against all of their respective right, title and interest of whatsoever kind and nature in and to, the Collateral (a Security Interest and, collectively, the Security Interests and (b) each Guarantor shall become a guarantor to this Agreement and promptly perfect the Secured Party s Security Interest in each Guarantor, and to use its commercially reasonable best efforts in accordance with the laws of Israel as well as England and Wales to cause the applicable Guarantor to pledge its equity in favor of the Secured Party. 
 3.	Delivery of Certain Collateral . Contemporaneously or prior to the execution of this Agreement, the Debtor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Agent (a) any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (b) any and all certificates and other instruments or documents representing any of the other Collateral, in each case, together with all Necessary Endorsements. The Debtors are, contemporaneously with the execution hereof, delivering to Agent, or have previously delivered to Agent, a true and correct copy of each Organizational Document governing any of the Pledged Securities. 
 3 

4.	Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Agreements of the Debtors . Except as set forth under the corresponding Section of the disclosure schedules delivered to the Secured Party concurrently herewith (the Disclosure Schedules ), which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof, the Debtor represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with, the Secured Party as follows: 
 (a)	Each Debtor has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other power and authority to enter into this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by the Debtor of this Agreement and the filings contemplated herein have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Debtor and no further action is required by such Debtor. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Debtor. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Debtor, enforceable against the Debtor in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and by general principles of equity. 
 (b)	The Debtor has no place of business or offices where its books of account and records are kept (other than temporarily at the offices of its attorneys or accountants) or places where Collateral is stored or located, except as set forth on Schedule A attached hereto. Except as specifically set forth on Schedule A , the Debtor is the record owner of the real property where such Collateral is located, and there exist no mortgages or other liens on any such real property except for Permitted Liens as set forth on Schedule A . Except as disclosed on Schedule A , none of such Collateral is in the possession of any consignee, bailee, warehouseman, agent or processor. 
 (c)	Except for Permitted Liens and as set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, the Debtor is the sole owner of the Collateral (except for non-exclusive licenses granted by any Debtor in the ordinary course of business), free and clear of any liens, security interests, encumbrances, rights or claims, and are fully authorized to grant the Security Interests. Except as set forth on Schedule C attached hereto, there is not on file in any governmental or regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective financing statement, security agreement, license or transfer or any notice of any of the foregoing (other than those that will be filed in favor of the Secured Party pursuant to this Agreement) covering or affecting any of the Collateral. Except as set forth on Schedule C attached hereto and except pursuant to this Agreement, as long as this Agreement shall be in effect, the Debtors shall not execute and shall not knowingly permit to be on file in any such office or agency any other financing statement or other document or instrument (except to the extent filed or recorded in favor of the Secured Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement). 
 (d)	No written claim has been received that any Collateral or any Debtor s use of any Collateral violates the rights of any third party. There has been no adverse decision to any Debtor s claim of ownership rights in or exclusive rights to use the Collateral in any jurisdiction or to any Debtor s right to keep and maintain such Collateral in full force and effect, and there is no proceeding involving said rights pending or, to the best knowledge of any Debtor, threatened before any court, judicial body, administrative or regulatory agency, arbitrator or other governmental authority. 
 (e)	The Debtor shall at all times maintain its books of account and records relating to the Collateral at its principal place of business and its Collateral at the locations set forth on Schedule A attached hereto and may not relocate such books of account and records or tangible Collateral unless it delivers to the Secured Party at least thirty (30) days prior to such relocation (i) written notice of such relocation and the new location thereof (which must be within the United States) and (ii) evidence that appropriate financing statements under the UCC and other necessary documents have been filed and recorded and other steps have been taken to perfect the Security Interests to create in favor of the Secured Party a valid, perfected and continuing perfected first priority lien in the Collateral (to the extent such Collateral can be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement). 
 (f)	This Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Party a valid first priority security interest in the Collateral, subject only to Permitted Liens, securing the payment and performance of the Obligations. Upon making the filings described in the immediately following paragraph, all security interests created hereunder in any Collateral which may be perfected by filing UCC financing statements shall have been duly perfected. Except for (i) the filing of the UCC financing statements referred to in the immediately following paragraph, (ii) the execution and delivery of deposit account control agreements satisfying the requirements of Section 9-104(a)(2) of the UCC with respect to each deposit account of the Debtors, (iii) if there is any investment property or deposit account included as Collateral that can be perfected by control through an account control agreement, the execution and delivery of securities account control agreements satisfying the requirements of 9-106 of the UCC with respect to each such investment property of the Debtors, and (iv) the delivery of the certificates and other instruments provided in Section 3, Section 4(aa) and Section 4(cc), no action is necessary to create, perfect or protect the security interests created hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for the foregoing, no consent of any third parties and no authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for (x) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, (y) the creation or perfection of the Security Interests created hereunder in the Collateral (to the extent such Collateral can be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement) or (z) the enforcement of the rights of the Agent and the Secured Party hereunder. 
 4 

(g)	The Debtor hereby authorizes the Agent to file one or more financing statements under the UCC, with respect to the Security Interests, with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction deemed proper by it. 
 (h)	The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Debtors does not (i) violate any of the provisions of any Organizational Documents of any Debtor or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator or any applicable law, rule or regulation applicable to any Debtor or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing any Debtor s debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which any Debtor is a party or by which any property or asset of any Debtor is bound or affected. All required consents (including, without limitation, from stockholders or creditors of any Debtor), if any, for any Debtor to enter into and perform its obligations hereunder have been obtained. 
 (i) 	 The Pledged Securities (defined below) by their express terms provide that they are securities governed by Article 8 of the UCC. 
 (j)	The capital stock and other equity interests listed on Schedule G hereto (the Pledged Securities represent all capital stock and other equity interests owned, directly or indirectly, by the Debtors. All of the Pledged Securities are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the Company is the legal and beneficial owner of the Pledged Securities, free and clear of any lien, security interest or other encumbrance except for the security interests created by this Agreement and other Permitted Liens. 
 (k)	Except for Permitted Liens, the Debtor shall at all times maintain the liens and Security Interests provided for hereunder as valid and perfected, first priority (to the extent that such liens and Security Interests can be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement) liens and security interests in the Collateral in favor of the Secured Party until this Agreement and the Security Interest hereunder shall be terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof. The Debtor hereby agrees to defend the same against the claims of any and all persons and entities. The Debtor shall safeguard and protect all Collateral for the account of the Secured Party. At the request of the Agent, the Debtor will deliver to the Agent on behalf of the Secured Party at any time or from time to time one or more financing statements pursuant to the UCC in form reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and will pay the cost of filing the same in all public offices wherever filing is, or is deemed by the Agent to be, necessary or desirable to effect the rights and obligations provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Debtor shall pay all fees, taxes and other amounts necessary to maintain the Collateral and the Security Interests hereunder, and the Debtor shall obtain and furnish to the Agent from time to time, upon demand, such releases and/or subordinations of claims and liens which may be required to maintain the priority of the Security Interests hereunder. 
 (l)	No Debtor will transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, license, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral (except for Permitted Liens or non-exclusive licenses granted by a Debtor in its ordinary course of business, sales of inventory by a Debtor in its ordinary course of business and the replacement of worn-out or obsolete equipment by a Debtor in its ordinary course of business) without the prior written consent of the Secured Party. 
 (m)	The Debtor shall keep and preserve its equipment, inventory and other tangible Collateral in good condition, repair and order and shall not operate or locate any such Collateral (or cause to be operated or located) in any area excluded from insurance coverage. 
 (n)	The Debtor shall maintain with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to the Collateral, including Collateral hereafter acquired, against loss or damage of the kinds and in the amounts customarily insured against by entities of established reputation having similar properties similarly situated and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by other such entities and otherwise as is prudent for entities engaged in similar businesses but in any event sufficient to cover the full replacement cost thereof. If no Event of Default (as defined in the Note) exists and if the proceeds arising out of any claim or series of related claims do not exceed 100,000, loss payments in each instance will be applied by the applicable Debtor to the repair and/or replacement of property with respect to which the loss was incurred to the extent reasonably feasible, and any loss payments or the balance thereof remaining, to the extent not so applied, shall be payable to the applicable Debtor; provided, however, that payments received by any Debtor after an Event of Default occurs and is continuing or in excess of 100,000 for any occurrence or series of related occurrences, upon approval by Agent, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, denied or conditioned, loss payments in each instance will be applied by the applicable Debtor to the repair and/or replacement of property with respect to which the loss was incurred to the extent reasonably feasible, and any loss payments or the balance thereof remaining, to the extent not so applied, shall be paid to Agent on behalf of the Secured Party and, if received by such Debtor, shall be held in trust for the Secured Party and immediately paid over to the Secured Party unless otherwise directed in writing by Agent. Copies of such policies or the related certificates, in each case, naming the Secured Party as lender-loss-payee and additional insured shall be delivered to the Secured Party at least annually and at the time any new policy of insurance is issued. 
 5 

(o)	The Debtor shall, within ten (10) days of obtaining knowledge thereof, advise the Secured Party, in sufficient detail, of any material adverse change in the Collateral, and of the occurrence of any event that would have a material adverse effect on the value of the Collateral or on the Secured Party s security interest, through the Agent, therein. 
 (p)	On a continuing basis, the Debtor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Agent such further deeds, mortgages, assignments, security agreements, financing statements or other instruments, documents, certificates and assurances, and take such further action as the Agent may from time to time request and may in its sole discretion deem necessary, to perfect, protect or enforce the Secured Party s security interest in the Collateral and otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement. 
 (q)	Upon reasonable prior notice (so long as no Event of Default or breach of the Transaction Documents has occurred or continuing, which in either such event, no prior notice is required), the Debtor shall permit the Agent and its representatives and agents to inspect the Collateral during normal business hours and to make copies of records pertaining to the Collateral as may be reasonably requested by the Agent from time to time. 
 (r)	The Debtor shall take all steps reasonably necessary to diligently pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights, claims, causes of action and accounts receivable in respect of the Collateral. 
 (s)	The Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Party in sufficient detail upon becoming aware of any attachment, garnishment, execution or other legal process levied against any material portion of the Collateral and of any other information received by such Debtor that may materially affect the value of the Collateral, the Security Interest or the rights and remedies of the Secured Party hereunder. 
 (t)	All information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the Secured Party by or on behalf of any Debtor with respect to the Collateral is accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date furnished. 
 (u)	The Debtors shall at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect their respective valid existence and good standing and any rights and franchises material to its business. 
 (v) 	No Debtor will change its name, type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number (if it has one), legal or corporate structure, or identity, or add any new fictitious name unless it provides at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Secured Party of such change and, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement. 
 (w)	Except in the ordinary course of business, no Debtor may consign any of its inventory or sell any of its inventory on bill-and-hold, sale-or-return, sale-on-approval, or other conditional terms of sale without the consent of the Agent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, denied, or conditioned. 
 (x)	No Debtor may relocate its chief executive office to a new location without providing thirty (30) days prior written notification thereof to the Secured Party and so long as, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement. 
 (y)	The Debtor was organized and remains organized solely under the laws of the state set forth next to such Debtor s name in Schedule D attached hereto, which Schedule D sets forth the Debtor s organizational identification number or, if any Debtor does not have one, states that one does not exist. 
 (z)	(i) The actual name of the Debtor is the name set forth in Schedule D attached hereto; (ii) no Debtor has any trade names except as set forth on Schedule E attached hereto; (iii) no Debtor has used any name other than that stated in the preamble hereto or as set forth on Schedule E for the preceding five (5) years; and (iv) no entity has merged into any Debtor or been acquired by any Debtor within the past five years except as set forth on Schedule E . 
 (aa)	At any time and from time to time that any Collateral consists of instruments, certificated securities or other items that require or permit possession by the secured party to perfect the security interest created hereby, the applicable Debtor shall deliver such Collateral to the Agent. 
 (bb)	The Debtor, in its capacity as issuer, hereby agrees to comply with any and all orders and instructions of Agent regarding the Pledged Securities consistent with the terms of this Agreement without the further consent of any Debtor as contemplated by Section 8-106 (or any successor section) of the UCC. Further, the Debtor agrees that it shall not enter into a similar agreement (or one that would confer control within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC) with any other person or entity. 
 6 

(cc)	The Debtor shall cause all tangible chattel paper constituting Collateral to be delivered to the Agent, or, if such delivery is not possible, then to cause such tangible chattel paper to contain a legend noting that it is subject to the security interest created by this Agreement. To the extent that any Collateral consists of electronic chattel paper, the applicable Debtor shall cause the underlying chattel paper to be marked within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the UCC (or successor Section thereto). 
 (dd)	If there is any investment property or deposit account included as Collateral that can be perfected by control through an account control agreement, the applicable Debtor shall cause such an account control agreement, in form and substance in each case satisfactory to the Agent, to be entered into and delivered to the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Party. 
 (ee)	To the extent that any Collateral consists of letter-of-credit rights, the applicable Debtor shall cause the issuer of each underlying letter of credit to consent to an assignment of the proceeds thereof to the Secured Party. 
 (ff)	To the extent that any Collateral is in the possession of any third party, the applicable Debtor shall join with the Agent in notifying such third party of the Secured Party s security interest in such Collateral and shall use its best efforts to obtain an acknowledgement and agreement from such third party with respect to the Collateral, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. 
 (gg)	If any Debtor shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, such Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Party in a writing signed by such Debtor of the particulars thereof and grant to the Secured Party in such writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent. 
 (hh)	The Debtor shall immediately provide written notice to the Secured Party of any and all accounts which arise out of contracts with any governmental authority and, to the extent necessary to perfect or continue the perfected status of the Security Interests in such accounts and proceeds thereof, shall execute and deliver to the Agent an assignment of claims for such accounts and cooperate with the Agent in taking any other steps required, in its judgment, under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal, state or local statute or rule to perfect or continue the perfected status of the Security Interests in such accounts and proceeds thereof. 
 (ii)	The Debtor shall cause each subsidiary of such Debtor to immediately become a party hereto (an Additional Debtor ), by executing and delivering an Additional Debtor Joinder in substantially the form of Annex A attached hereto and comply with the provisions hereof applicable to the Debtors. Concurrently therewith, the Additional Debtor shall deliver replacement schedules for, or supplements to all other Disclosure Schedules to (or referred to in) this Agreement, as applicable, which replacement schedules shall supersede, or supplements shall modify, the Disclosure Schedules then in effect. The Additional Debtor shall also deliver such authorizing resolutions, good standing certificates, incumbency certificates, organizational documents, financing statements and other information and documentation as the Agent may reasonably request. Upon delivery of the foregoing to the Agent, the Additional Debtor shall be and become a party to this Agreement with the same rights and obligations as the Debtors, for all purposes hereof as fully and to the same extent as if it were an original signatory hereto and shall be deemed to have made the representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein as of the date of execution and delivery of such Additional Debtor Joinder, and all references herein to the Debtors shall be deemed to include each Additional Debtor. 
 (jj)	The Debtor shall vote the Pledged Securities to comply with the covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Note and all other Transaction Documents. 
 (kk)	The Debtor shall register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities on the books of such Debtor. The Debtor shall notify each issuer of Pledged Securities to register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities in the name of the Secured Party on the books of such issuer. Further, except with respect to certificated securities delivered to the Agent, the applicable Debtor shall deliver to Agent an acknowledgement of pledge (which, where appropriate, shall comply with the requirements of the relevant UCC with respect to perfection by registration) signed by the issuer of the applicable Pledged Securities, which acknowledgement shall confirm that: (a) it has registered the pledge on its books and records; and (b) at any time directed by Agent during the continuation of an Event of Default, such issuer will transfer the record ownership of such Pledged Securities into the name of any designee of Agent, will take such steps as may be necessary to effect the transfer, and will comply with all other instructions of Agent regarding such Pledged Securities without the further consent of the applicable Debtor. 
 (ll)	In the event that, upon an occurrence of an Event of Default, Agent shall sell all or any of the Pledged Securities to another party or parties (herein called the Transferee or shall purchase or retain all or any of the Pledged Securities, the Debtor shall, to the extent applicable: (i) deliver to Agent or the Transferee, as the case may be, the articles of incorporation, bylaws, minute books, stock certificate books, corporate seals, deeds, leases, indentures, agreements, evidences of indebtedness, books of account, financial records and all other Organizational Documents and records of the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries (but not including any items subject to the attorney-client privilege related to this Agreement or any of the transactions hereunder); (ii) use its 
 7 

best efforts to obtain resignations of the persons then serving as officers and directors of the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries, if so requested; and (iii) use its best efforts to obtain any approvals that are required by any governmental or regulatory body in order to permit the sale of the Pledged Securities to the Transferee or the purchase or retention of the Pledged Securities by Agent and allow the Transferee or Agent to continue the business of the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 (mm)	Without limiting the generality of the other obligations of the Debtors hereunder, the Debtor shall promptly (i) cause to be registered at the United States Copyright Office all of its material copyrights, (ii) following an Event of Default, upon the written request of the Agent, cause the security interest contemplated hereby with respect to all Intellectual Property registered at the United States Copyright Office or United States Patent and Trademark Office to be duly recorded at the applicable office, and (iii) give the Agent notice whenever it acquires (whether absolutely or by license) or creates any additional material Intellectual Property. 
 (nn)	The Debtor will from time to time, at the joint and several expense of the Debtors, promptly execute and deliver all such further instruments and documents, and take all such further action as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Agent may reasonably request, in order to perfect (to the extent such security interest can be perfected by the filing of a UCC financing statement) and protect any security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Party to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder and with respect to any Collateral or to otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement. 
 (oo)	 Schedule F attached hereto lists all of the patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, registered copyrights, and domain names owned by any of the Debtors as of the date hereof. Schedule F lists all material licenses in favor of any Debtor for the use of any patents, trademarks, copyrights and domain names as of the date hereof. All material patents and trademarks of the Debtors have been duly recorded at the United States Patent and Trademark Office and all material copyrights of the Debtors have been duly recorded at the United States Copyright Office. 
 (pp)	Until the Obligations shall have been paid and performed in full, the Company covenants that it shall promptly direct any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof to enter into a Guaranty in favor of the Secured Party, in the form of attached as an exhibit to the Purchase Agreement. 
 5.	Effect of Pledge on Certain Rights . If any of the Collateral subject to this Agreement consists of nonvoting equity or ownership interests (regardless of class, designation, preference or rights) that may be converted into voting equity or ownership interests upon the occurrence of certain events (including, without limitation, upon the transfer of all or any of the other stock or assets of the issuer), it is agreed by Debtors that the pledge of such equity or ownership interests pursuant to this Agreement or the enforcement of any of Agent s rights hereunder shall not be deemed to be the type of event which would trigger such conversion rights notwithstanding any provisions in the Organizational Documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is party. 
 6.	Defaults . The following events shall be Events of Default : 
 (a)	The occurrence of an Event of Default under the Note; 
 (b)	The occurrence of an event of default or breach under any of the Transaction Documents; 
 (c)	Any representation or warranty of any Debtor in this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; 
 (d)	The failure by any Debtor to observe or perform any of its obligations hereunder for ten (10) days after delivery to such Debtor of notice of such failure by or on behalf of a Secured Party unless such default is capable of cure but cannot be cured within such time frame and such Debtor is using best efforts to cure same in a timely fashion; or 
 (e)	If any provision of this Agreement shall at any time for any reason be declared to be null and void, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any Debtor, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Debtor, or by any governmental authority having jurisdiction over any Debtor, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Debtor shall deny that any Debtor has any liability or obligation purported to be created under this Agreement. 
 7.	Duty to Hold in Trust . 
 (a)	Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Debtor shall, upon receipt of any revenue, income, dividend, interest or other sums subject to the Security Interests, whether payable pursuant to the Note or otherwise, or of any check, draft, note, trade acceptance or other instrument evidencing an obligation to pay any such sum, hold the same in trust for the Secured Party and shall forthwith endorse and transfer any such sums or instruments, or both, to the Agent, pro-rata in proportion to its respective then-currently outstanding principal amount of the Note for application to the satisfaction of the Obligations (and if the Note is not outstanding, pro-rata in proportion to the initial purchase of the remaining Note). 
 8 

(b)	If any Debtor shall become entitled to receive or shall receive any securities or other property (including, without limitation, shares of Pledged Securities or instruments representing Pledged Securities acquired after the date hereof, or any options, warrants, rights or other similar property or certificates representing a dividend, or any distribution in connection with any recapitalization, reclassification or increase or reduction of capital, or issued in connection with any reorganization of such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries) in respect of the Pledged Securities (whether as an addition to, in substitution of, or in exchange for, such Pledged Securities or otherwise), such Debtor agrees to (i) accept the same as the agent of the Secured Party; (ii) hold the same in trust on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Party; and (iii) to deliver any and all certificates or instruments evidencing the same to Agent on or before the close of business on the fifth (5 th business day following the receipt thereof by such Debtor, in the exact form received together with the Necessary Endorsements, to be held by Agent subject to the terms of this Agreement as Collateral. 
 8.	Rights and Remedies Upon Default. 
 (a)	Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Secured Party, acting through the Agent, shall have the right to exercise all of the remedies conferred hereunder and under the Note, and the Secured Party shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC. Without limitation, the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Party, shall have the following rights and powers: 
 (i)	The Agent shall have the right to take possession of the Collateral and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and assistance of any person, any premises where the Collateral, or any part thereof, is or may be placed and remove the same, and the Debtor shall assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Agent at places which the Agent shall reasonably select, whether at such Debtor s premises or elsewhere, and make available to the Agent, without rent, all of such Debtor s respective premises and facilities for the purpose of the Agent taking possession of, removing or putting the Collateral in saleable or disposable form. 
 (ii)	Upon written notice to the Debtors by Agent, all rights of the Debtor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise and all rights of the Debtor to receive the dividends and interest which it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain, shall cease. Upon such written notice, Agent shall have the right to receive, for the benefit of the Secured Party, any interest, cash dividends or other payments on the Collateral and, at the option of Agent, to exercise in such Agent s discretion all voting rights pertaining thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to exercise all rights with respect to the Collateral as it were the sole and absolute owner thereof, including, without limitation, to vote and/or to exchange, at its sole discretion, any or all of the Collateral in connection with a merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization or other readjustment concerning or involving the Collateral or any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries. 
 (iii)	The Agent shall have the right to operate the business of the Debtor using the Collateral and shall have the right to assign, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or any part of the Collateral, at public or private sale or otherwise, either with or without special conditions or stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, in such parcel or parcels and at such time or times and at such place or places, and upon such terms and conditions as the Agent may deem commercially reasonable, all without (except as shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to any Debtor or right of redemption of a Debtor, which are hereby expressly waived. Upon each such sale, lease, assignment or other transfer of Collateral, the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Party, may, unless prohibited by applicable law which cannot be waived, purchase all or any part of the Collateral being sold, free from and discharged of all trusts, claims, right of redemption and equities of any Debtor, which are hereby waived and released. 
 (iv)	The Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to notify any account debtors and any obligors under instruments or accounts to make payments directly to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Party, and to enforce the Debtors rights against such account debtors and obligors. 
 (v)	The Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Party, may (but is not obligated to) direct any financial intermediary or any other person or entity holding any investment property to transfer the same to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Party, or its designee. 
 (vi)	The Agent may (but is not obligated to) transfer any or all Intellectual Property registered in the name of any Debtor at the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or Copyright Office into the name of the Secured Party or any designee or any purchaser of any Collateral. 
 (b)	The Agent shall comply with any applicable law in connection with a disposition of Collateral and such compliance will not be considered adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral. The Agent may sell the Collateral without giving any warranties and may specifically disclaim such warranties. If the Agent sells any of the Collateral on credit, the Debtors will only be credited with payments actually made by the purchaser. In addition, the Debtor waives (except as shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived) any and all rights that it may have to a judicial hearing in advance of the 
 9 

enforcement of any of the Agent s rights and remedies hereunder, including, without limitation, its right following an Event of Default to take immediate possession of the Collateral and to exercise its rights and remedies with respect thereto. 
 (c)	For the purpose of enabling the Agent to further exercise rights and remedies under this Section 8 or elsewhere provided by agreement or applicable law, the Debtor hereby grants to the Agent, for the benefit of the Agent and the Secured Party, an irrevocable, nonexclusive license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Debtor) to use, license or sublicense following an Event of Default, any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Debtor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof. 
 9.	Applications of Proceeds . The proceeds of any sale, lease or other disposition by the Agent of the Collateral hereunder or from payments made to the Agent on account of any insurance policy insuring any portion of the Collateral shall be applied first, to the expenses of retaking, holding, storing, processing and preparing for sale, selling, and the like (including, without limitation, any taxes, fees and other costs incurred in connection therewith) of the Collateral, to the reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Agent in enforcing the Secured Party s rights hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the Collateral, and then to satisfaction of the Obligations pro rata to the Secured Party (based on then-outstanding principal amount of Note at the time of any such determination), and to the payment of any other amounts required by applicable law, after which the Secured Party shall pay to the applicable Debtor any surplus proceeds. If, upon the sale, license or other disposition of all of the Collateral, the proceeds thereof are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured Party is legally entitled, the Debtors will be liable for the deficiency, together with interest thereon, at the rate of 18 per annum or the lesser amount permitted by applicable law (the Default Rate ), and the reasonable fees of any attorney employed by the Secured Party to collect such deficiency. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Debtor waives all claims, damages and demands against the Secured Party arising out of the repossession, removal, retention or sale of the Collateral, unless due solely to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Secured Party as determined by a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 10.	Securities Law Provision . The Debtor recognizes that Agent may be limited in its ability to effect a sale to the public of all or part of the Pledged Securities by reason of certain prohibitions in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or other federal or state securities laws (collectively, the Securities Laws ), and may be compelled to resort to one or more sales to a restricted group of purchasers who may be required to agree to acquire the Pledged Securities for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. The Debtor agrees that sales so made may be at prices and on terms less favorable than if the Pledged Securities were sold to the public, and that Agent has no obligation to delay the sale of any Pledged Securities for the period of time necessary to register the Pledged Securities for sale to the public under the Securities Laws. The Debtor shall cooperate with Agent in its attempt to satisfy any requirements under the Securities Laws (including, without limitation, registration thereunder if requested by Agent) applicable to the sale of the Pledged Securities by Agent. 
 11.	Costs and Expenses . The Debtor agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any filing required hereunder, including without limitation, any financing statements pursuant to the UCC, continuation statements, partial releases and/or termination statements related thereto or any expenses of any searches reasonably required by the Agent. The Debtors shall also pay all other claims and charges which in the reasonable opinion of the Agent is reasonably likely to prejudice, imperil or otherwise affect the Collateral or the Security Interests therein. The Debtors will also, upon demand, pay to the Agent the amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Party, may incur in connection with the creation, perfection, protection, satisfaction, foreclosure, collection or enforcement of the Security Interest and the preparation, administration, continuance, amendment or enforcement of this Agreement and pay to the Agent the amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Party, and the Secured Party may incur in connection with (i) the enforcement of this Agreement, (ii) the custody or preservation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral, or (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Secured Party under the Note and the Transaction Documents. Until so paid, any fees payable hereunder shall be added to the amounts owed under the Transaction Documents and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. 
 12.	Responsibility for Collateral . The Debtors assume all liabilities and responsibility in connection with all Collateral, and the Obligations shall in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction, damage or theft of any of the Collateral or its unavailability for any reason. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and except as required by applicable law, (a) neither the Agent nor any Secured Party (i) has any duty (either before or after an Event of Default) to collect any amounts in respect of the Collateral or to preserve any rights relating to the Collateral, or (ii) has any obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale, and (b) the Debtor shall remain obligated and liable under each contract or agreement included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by such Debtor thereunder. Neither the Agent nor any Secured Party shall have any obligation or liability under any such contract or agreement by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt by the Agent or any Secured Party of any payment relating to any of the Collateral, nor shall the Agent or any Secured Party be obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of any Debtor under or pursuant to any such contract or agreement, to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment 
 10 

received by the Agent or any Secured Party in respect of the Collateral or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any such contract or agreement, to present or file any claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to the Agent or to which the Agent or any Secured Party may be entitled at any time or times. 
 13.	Security Interests Absolute . All rights of the Secured Party and all obligations of the Debtor hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Note or any agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof, against any other Debtor or Guarantor; (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment or performance of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from the Note or any other agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any of the Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other collateral for, or any guarantee, or any other security, for all or any of the Obligations; (d) any action by the Secured Party to obtain, adjust, settle and cancel in its sole discretion any insurance claims or matters made or arising in connection with the Collateral; or (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute any legal or equitable defense available to a Debtor, or a discharge of all or any part of the Security Interests granted hereby. Until the Obligations shall have been paid and performed in full, the rights of the Secured Party shall continue even if the Obligations are barred for any reason, including, without limitation, the running of the statute of limitations. The Debtor expressly waives presentment, protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of nonpayment and demand for performance. In the event that at any time any transfer of any Collateral or any payment received by the Secured Party hereunder shall be deemed by final order of a court of competent jurisdiction to have been a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be deemed to be otherwise due to any party other than the Secured Party, then, in any such event, the Debtor s obligations hereunder shall survive cancellation of this Agreement, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof and/or cancellation of this Agreement, but shall remain a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. The Debtor waives all right to require the Secured Party to proceed against any other person or entity or to apply any Collateral which the Secured Party may hold at any time, or to marshal assets, or to pursue any other remedy. The Debtor waives any defense arising by reason of the application of the statute of limitations to any obligation secured hereby. 
 14.	Term of Agreement . This Agreement and the Security Interests shall terminate on the date on which all payments under the Note have been indefeasibly paid in full and all other Obligations have been paid or discharged; provided , however , that all indemnities of the Debtors contained in this Agreement (including, without limitation, Annex B hereto) shall survive and remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement. 
 15.	Power of Attorney; Further Assurances . 
 (a)	The Debtor authorizes the Agent, and does hereby make, constitute and appoint the Agent and its officers, agents, successors or assigns with full power of substitution, as such Debtor s true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power, in the name of the Agent or such Debtor, to, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) endorse any note, checks, drafts, money orders or other instruments of payment (including payments payable under or in respect of any policy of insurance) in respect of the Collateral that may come into possession of the Agent; (ii) to sign and endorse any financing statement pursuant to the UCC or any invoice, freight or express bill, bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications and notices in connection with accounts, and other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests or other encumbrances at any time levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral; (iv) to demand, collect, receipt for, compromise, settle and sue for monies due in respect of the Collateral; (v) to transfer any Intellectual Property or provide licenses respecting any Intellectual Property; and (vi) generally, at the option of the Agent, and at the expense of the Debtors, at any time, or from time to time, to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments and to do all acts and things which the Agent deems necessary to protect, preserve and realize upon the Collateral and the Security Interests granted therein in order to effect the intent of this Agreement, the Note and the other Transaction Documents all as fully and effectually as the Debtors might or could do; and the Debtor hereby ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding. The designation set forth herein shall be deemed to amend and supersede any inconsistent provision in the Organizational Documents or other documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is a party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Secured Party is specifically authorized to execute and file any applications for or instruments of transfer and assignment of any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office. 
 (b)	On a continuing basis, the Debtor will make, execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the jurisdictions indicated on Schedule C attached hereto, all such instruments, and take all such action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or as reasonably requested by the Secured Party, to perfect the Security Interests granted hereunder and otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of 
 11 

this Agreement, or for assuring and confirming to the Secured Party the grant or perfection of a perfected security interest in all the Collateral under the UCC. 
 (c)	The Debtor hereby irrevocably appoints the Agent as such Debtor s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and instead of such Debtor and in the name of such Debtor, from time to time in the Agent s discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, including the filing, in its sole discretion, of one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral without the signature of such Debtor where permitted by law, which financing statements may (but need not) describe the Collateral as all assets or all personal property or words of like import, and ratifies all such actions taken by the Agent. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding. 
 16.	Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be subject to the notice provision of the Purchase Agreement. 
 17.	Other Security . To the extent that the Obligations are now or hereafter secured by property other than the Collateral or by the Guaranty, endorsement or property of any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, then the Agent shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to pursue, relinquish, subordinate, modify or take any other action with respect thereto, without in any way modifying or affecting any of the Secured Party s rights and remedies hereunder. 
 18.	Appointment of Agent . If and as applicable, the Secured Party hereby appoints BitNile Holdings, Inc. BitNile ), to act as its agent Agent for purposes of exercising any and all rights and remedies of the Secured Party hereunder. Such appointment shall continue until revoked in writing by the Secured Party, at which time the Secured Party shall appoint a new Agent, provided that BitNile may not be removed as Agent unless the Secured Party shall then hold less than 100,000 in principal amount of Note. The Agent shall have the rights, responsibilities and immunities set forth in Annex B hereto. 
 19.	Miscellaneous . 
 (a)	No course of dealing between the Debtors and the Secured Party, nor any failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Secured Party, any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Note or other Transaction Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. 
 (b)	All of the rights and remedies of the Secured Party with respect to the Collateral, whether established hereby or by the Securities or the Transaction Documents or by any other agreements, instruments or documents or by law shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently. 
 (c)	This Agreement, together with the exhibits and schedules hereto, contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into this Agreement and the exhibits and schedules hereto. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Debtors and the Secured Party, or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. 
 (d)	If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 
 (e)	No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. 
 (f)	This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company and the Guarantors may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Agent (other than by merger). Any Secured Party may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any 
 12 

Person (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) to whom such Secured Party assigns or transfers any Obligations, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Obligations, by the provisions of this Agreement that apply to the Secured Party. 
 (g)	Each party shall take such further action and execute and deliver such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement. 
 (h)	Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, the Debtor agrees that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Note or the other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, the Debtor hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 (i)	This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original thereof. 
 (j)	All Debtors shall jointly and severally be liable for the obligations of the Debtor to the Secured Party hereunder. 
 (k)	The Debtor agrees to indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Agent and the Secured Party and its assignees and affiliates and its respective officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants, auditors, and attorney (collectively, Indemnitees from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the reasonable fees relating to the cost of investigating or defending any of the foregoing) imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee in any way related to or arising from or alleged to arise from this Agreement or the Collateral, except any such losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses which result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnitee as determined by a final, non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that the Debtors shall not be obligated to indemnify the Indemnitees, or have any liability, in excess of the principal face amount of the Note (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). This indemnification provision is in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other indemnification provision in the Note, the Purchase Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or other document executed or delivered in connection herewith or therewith. 
 (l)	Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to subject Agent or any Secured Party to liability as a partner in any Debtor or any if its direct or indirect subsidiaries that is a partnership or as a member in any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries that is a limited liability company, nor shall Agent or any Secured Party be deemed to have assumed any obligations under any partnership agreement or limited liability company agreement, as applicable, of any such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries or otherwise, unless and until any such Secured Party exercises its right to be substituted for such Debtor as a partner or member, as applicable, pursuant hereto. 
 (m)	To the extent that the grant of the security interest in the Collateral and the enforcement of the terms hereof require the consent, approval or action of any partner or member, as applicable, of any Debtor or any direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor or compliance with any provisions of any of the Organizational Documents, the Debtors hereby represent that all such consents and approvals have been obtained. 
 [SIGNATURE PAGE OF DEBTORS FOLLOWS] 

13 

{00975655.DOCX;2 } [Security Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written. 
 
 GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 
 By:	_________________________________ 
 Name: 	Jonathan Read 
 Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 

AULT LENDING, LLC 

By: 				 
 Name: 	David J. Katzoff 
 Title:	Manager 
 
 BITNILE HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 				 
 Name: 	William B. Horne 
 Title:	Chief Executive Officer 

GRESHAM WORLDWIDE, INC. 

By:	_________________________________ 
 Name: 	Jonathan Read 
 Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 

MICROSOURCE, INC. 
 
 By:	 				 
 Name: 	 
 Title:	 

{00975655.DOCX;2 } [Security Agreement] 

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES 
 (Security Agreement) 
 The following are the Disclosure Schedules (the Disclosure Schedules referred to in that certain Security Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2022 (the Agreement ), by and among Giga-tronics, Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), each direct and indirect subsidiary of the Company (such subsidiary, a Guarantor and together with the Company, the Debtors and the holder of the Company s 10 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, in the original principal amount of 6,750,000.00 (the Note ), signatory thereto, its endorsees, transferees and assigns (collectively, the Secured Party ). 

Schedule A 
 Principal Place of Business of Debtors: 
 
 Locations Where Collateral is Located or Stored: 

Schedule B 
 Ownership Interest to Collateral 
 Schedule C 
 Filing Jurisdictions 
 Schedule D 
 Legal Names and Organizational Identification Numbers 

Schedule E 
 Names; Mergers and Acquisitions 

Schedule F 
 Intellectual Property 
 Patents/Patent Applications 
 (a) 	Patent Applications 

Our reference 
 Application number/ Publication number 
 Application date 
 Date of grant 
 Priority date 
 Status 
 Title 
 Country 

Invention PM-1 

Domain Names 
 
 Additional Domains 	Expiration 
 
 Copyrights 
 
 None. 
 Trademarks/Trademark Applications 

Word Mark 

Goods and Services 

Mark Drawing Code 

Serial Number 

Filing Date 

Current Basis 

Original Filing Basis 

Published for Opposition 

Registration Number 

International Registration Number 

Registration Date 

Owner 

Priority Date 

Description of Mark 

Type of Mark 

Register 

Live/Dead Indicator 

{00975655.DOCX;2 } [Security Agreement] 

Schedule G 
 Pledged Securities 
 The Company is the owner of the membership or equity interests, as applicable, of its subsidiaries, as follows: 

ANNEX A to SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 FORM OF ADDITIONAL DEBTOR JOINDER 
 Reference is made to the Security Agreement dated as of December 31, 2022, made by Giga-Tronics, Incorporated and its subsidiaries party thereto from time to time, as Debtors to and in favor of the Secured Party identified therein (the Security Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in, or by reference in, the Security Agreement. 
 The undersigned hereby agrees that, upon delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder to the Secured Party referred to above, the undersigned shall (a) be an Additional Debtor under the Security Agreement, (b) have all the rights and obligations of the Debtors under the Security Agreement as fully and to the same extent as if the undersigned was an original signatory thereto and (c) be deemed to have made the representations and warranties set forth therein as of the date of execution and delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE UNDERSIGNED SPECIFICALLY GRANTS TO THE SECURED PARTY A SECURITY INTEREST IN THE COLLATERAL AS MORE FULLY SET FORTH IN THE SECURITY AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES TO THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL PROVISIONS SET FORTH THEREIN. 
 Attached hereto are supplemental and/or replacement Disclosure Schedules to the Security Agreement, as applicable. 
 An executed copy of this Joinder shall be delivered to the Secured Party, and the Secured Party may rely on the matters set forth herein on or after the date hereof. This Joinder shall not be modified, amended or terminated without the prior written consent of the Secured Party. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Joinder to be executed in the name and on behalf of the undersigned. 
 
 [Name of Additional Debtor] 
 By:__________________________________________ Name: Title: Address: Dated: 

ANNEX B to SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 THE AGENT 
 1.	 Appointment . The Secured Party (all capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings provided in the Security Agreement to which this Annex B is attached (the Agreement )), by its acceptance of the benefits of the Agreement, hereby designates BitNile Holdings, Inc. Agent as the Agent to act as specified herein and in the Agreement. The Secured Party shall be deemed irrevocably to authorize the Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of the Agreement and any other Transaction Document (as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement) and to exercise such powers and to perform such duties hereunder and thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of the Agent by the terms hereof and thereof and such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder by or through its agents or employees. 
 2.	 Nature of Duties . The Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in the Agreement. Neither the Agent nor any of its partners, members, shareholders, officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable for any action taken or omitted by it as such under the Agreement or hereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, be responsible for the consequence of any oversight or error of judgment or answerable for any loss, unless caused solely by its or their gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction. The duties of the Agent shall be mechanical and administrative in nature; the Agent shall not have by reason of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Debtor or any Secured Party; and nothing in the Agreement or any other Transaction Document (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon the Agent any obligations in respect of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document except as expressly set forth herein and therein. 
 3.	 Lack of Reliance on the Agent . Independently and without reliance upon the Agent, each Secured Party, to the extent it deems appropriate, has made and shall continue to make (i) its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries in connection with such Secured Party s investment in the Debtors, the creation and continuance of the Obligations, the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and the taking or not taking of any action in connection therewith, and (ii) its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Company and its subsidiaries, and of the value of the Collateral from time to time, and the Agent shall have no duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Secured Party with any credit, market or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before any Obligations are incurred or at any time or times thereafter. The Agent shall not be responsible to the Debtors or any Secured Party for any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties herein or in any document, certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith, or for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, perfection, collectability, priority or sufficiency of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or for the financial condition of the Debtors or the value of any of the Collateral, or be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or the financial condition of the Debtors, or the value of any of the Collateral, or the existence or possible existence of any default or Event of Default under the Agreement, the Note or any of the other Transaction Documents. 
 4.	 Certain Rights of the Agent . The Agent shall have the right to take any action with respect to the Collateral, on behalf of the Secured Party. To the extent practical, the Agent shall request instructions from the Secured Party with respect to any material act or action (including failure to act) in connection with the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, and shall be entitled to act or refrain from acting in accordance with the instructions of the Secured Party; if such instructions are not provided despite the Agent s request therefor, the Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action, and if such action is taken, shall be entitled to appropriate indemnification from the Secured Party in respect of actions to be taken by the Agent; and the Agent shall not incur liability to any person or entity by reason of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, (a) the Secured Party shall not have any right of action whatsoever against the Agent as a result of the Agent acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the terms of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, and the Debtors shall have no right to question or challenge the authority of, or the instructions given to, the Agent pursuant to the foregoing and (b) the Agent shall not be required to take any action that the Agent believes (i) could reasonably be expected to expose it to personal liability or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement, the Transaction Documents or applicable law. 
 5.	 Reliance . The Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, resolution, notice, statement, certificate, telex, teletype or facsimile message, cablegram, radiogram, order or other document or telephone message signed, sent or made by the proper person or entity, and, with respect to all legal matters pertaining to the Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and its duties thereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it and upon all other matters pertaining to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and its duties thereunder, upon advice of other experts selected by it. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, the Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to any Secured Party to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by 

the Debtors or is cared for, protected or insured or that the liens granted pursuant to the Agreement have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority. 
 6.	 Indemnification . To the extent that the Agent is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Debtors, the Secured Party will reimburse and indemnify the Agent from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Agent in performing its duties hereunder or under the Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or in any way relating to or arising out of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document except for those determined by a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely from the Agent s own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Prior to taking any action hereunder as Agent, the Agent may require each Secured Party to deposit with it sufficient sums as it determines in good faith is necessary to protect the Agent for costs and expenses associated with taking such action. 
 7.	 Resignation by the Agent . 
 (a)	The Agent may resign from the performance of all its functions and duties under the Agreement and the other Transaction Documents at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice (as provided in the Agreement) to the Debtors and the Secured Party. Such resignation shall take effect upon the appointment of a successor Agent pursuant to clauses (b) and (c) below. 
 (b)	Upon any such notice of resignation, the Secured Party shall appoint a successor Agent hereunder. 
 (c)	If a successor Agent shall not have been so appointed within said thirty (30)-day period, the Agent shall then appoint a successor Agent who shall serve as Agent until such time, if any, as the Secured Party appoints a successor Agent as provided above. If a successor Agent has not been appointed within such thirty (30)-day period, the Agent may petition any court of competent jurisdiction or may interplead the Debtors and the Secured Party in a proceeding for the appointment of a successor Agent, and all fees, including, but not limited to, extraordinary fees associated with the filing of interpleader and expenses associated therewith, shall be payable by the Debtors on demand. 
 8.	 Rights with respect to Collateral . Each of the Secured Party and the Agent hereby agree (i) that it shall not, and shall not attempt to, exercise any rights with respect to its security interest in the Collateral, whether pursuant to any other agreement or otherwise (other than pursuant to this Agreement), or take or institute any action against the other party in respect of the Collateral or its rights hereunder (other than any such action arising from the breach of this Agreement) and (ii) that such Secured Party has no other rights with respect to the Collateral other than as set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Agreement. After any retiring Agent s resignation or removal hereunder as Agent, the provisions of the Agreement including this Annex B shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent. 

</EX-10.46>

<EX-10.47>
 12
 giga-ex10_47.htm
 EX-10.47

EX-10.47 

Execution Copy 
 Exhibit 10.47 
 GUARANTY 
 
 GUARANTY , dated as of December 31, 2022 (this Guaranty ), entered into by the guarantors signatory hereto (together with any other entity that may become a party hereto as provided herein, the Guarantors ), in favor of the purchaser signatory (together with its permitted assigns, the Purchaser or Purchasers , as the case may be) to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between Giga-tronics, Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company and the Purchaser (the Purchase Agreement ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to sell and issue to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser has agreed to purchase from the Company, the Note (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein; and 
 
 WHEREAS , each Guarantor will directly benefit from the extension of credit to the Company represented by the issuance of the Note; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and to induce the Purchaser to enter into the Purchase Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby, each Guarantor hereby agrees with the Purchaser as follows: 
 1.	Definitions . Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Purchase Agreement. The words hereof, herein, hereto and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Guaranty shall refer to this Guaranty as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Guaranty, and Section and Schedule references are to this Guaranty unless otherwise specified. The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 
 Guaranty means this Guaranty, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Obligations means, in addition to all other costs and expenses of collection incurred by Purchaser in enforcing any of such Obligations and/or this Guaranty, all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of the Company or any Guarantor to the Purchaser, pursuant to this Guaranty, the Note, that certain Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Company, the Guarantors and the Purchaser (the Security Agreement and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, in each case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Purchaser as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, and interest on the Note and the loans extended pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Company or any Guarantor from time to time under or in connection with this Guaranty, the Note, the Security Agreement and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith; and (iii) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving the Company or any Guarantor. 
 
 2.	Guaranty . 
 
 (a) Guaranty . 
 
 (i) The Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantee to the Purchasers and their respective successors, endorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Obligations. 
 
 (ii) Anything herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of each Guarantor hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents shall in no event exceed the amount which can be guaranteed by such Guarantor under applicable federal and state laws, including laws relating to the 

insolvency of debtors, fraudulent conveyance or transfer or laws affecting the rights of creditors generally (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 2(b)). 
 
 (iii) Each Guarantor agrees that the Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of such Guarantor hereunder without impairing the guaranty contained in this Section 2 or affecting the rights and remedies of the Purchasers hereunder. 
 
 (iv) The guaranty contained in this Section 2 shall remain in full force and effect until all the Obligations and the obligations of each Guarantor under the guaranty contained in this Section 2 shall have been satisfied by indefeasible payment in full. 
 
 (v) No payment made by the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Purchasers from the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Obligations shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any such payment (other than any payment made by such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations or any payment received or collected from such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations), remain liable for the Obligations up to the maximum liability of such Guarantor hereunder until the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full. 
 
 (vi) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Guaranty, with respect to any defaulted non-monetary Obligations the specific performance of which by the Guarantors is not reasonably possible e.g. , the issuance of the Company s Common Stock), the Guarantors shall only be liable for making the Purchasers whole on a monetary basis for the Company s failure to perform such Obligations in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
 
 (b) Right of Contribution . Subject to Section 2(c), each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Guarantor s right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 2(c). The provisions of this Section 2(b) shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor to the Purchasers, and each Guarantor shall remain liable to the Purchasers for the full amount guaranteed by such Guarantor hereunder. 
 
 (c) No Subrogation . Notwithstanding any payment made by any Guarantor hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of any Guarantor by the Purchasers, no Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Purchasers against the Company or any other Guarantor or any collateral security or guaranty or right of offset held by the Purchasers for the payment of the Obligations, nor shall any Guarantor seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Company or any other Guarantor in respect of payments made by such Guarantor hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Purchasers by the Company on account of the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held by such Guarantor in trust for the Purchasers, segregated from other funds of such Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such Guarantor, be turned over to the Purchasers in the exact form received by such Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Guarantor to the Purchasers, if required), to be applied against the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Purchasers may determine. 
 
 (d) Amendments, Etc. with Respect to the Obligations . Each Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation of rights against any Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by any Guarantor, any demand for payment of any of the Obligations made by the Purchasers may be rescinded by the Purchasers and any of the Obligations continued, and the Obligations, or the liability of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guaranty therefor or right of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered or released by the Purchasers, and the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any other documents executed and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Purchasers may deem advisable from time to time, and any collateral security, guaranty or right of offset at any time held by the Purchasers for the payment of the Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. The Purchasers shall have no obligation to protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by them as security for the Obligations or for the guaranty contained in this Section 2 or any property subject thereto. 
 
 (e) Guaranty Absolute and Unconditional . Each Guarantor waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of the Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Purchasers upon the guaranty contained 
 2 

in this Section 2 or acceptance of the guaranty contained in this Section 2; the Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon the guaranty contained in this Section 2; and all dealings between the Company and any of the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon the guaranty contained in this Section 2. Each Guarantor waives, to the extent permitted by law, diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or upon the Company or any of the Guarantors with respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor understands and agrees that the guaranty contained in this Section 2 shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee of payment and performance without regard to (i) the validity or enforceability of the Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any of the Obligations or any other collateral security therefor or guaranty or right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time held by the Purchasers, (ii) any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance or fraud by Purchasers) which may at any time be available to or be asserted by the Company or any other Person against the Purchasers, or (iii) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Company or such Guarantor) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Company for the Obligations, or of such Guarantor under the guaranty contained in this Section 2, in bankruptcy or in any other instance. When making any demand hereunder or otherwise pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any Guarantor, the Purchasers may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies as they may have against the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or against any collateral security or guaranty for the Obligations or any right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Purchasers to make any such demand, to pursue such other rights or remedies or to collect any payments from the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or to realize upon any such collateral security or guaranty or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or any such collateral security, guaranty or right of offset, shall not relieve any Guarantor of any obligation or liability hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter of law, of the Purchasers against any Guarantor. For the purposes hereof, demand shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings. 
 
 (f) Reinstatement . The guaranty contained in this Section 2 shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Purchasers upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Company or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Company or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made. 
 
 (g) Payments . Each Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Purchasers without set-off or counterclaim in U.S. dollars at the address set forth or referred to in the signature pages to the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 3.	Representations and Warranties . Each Guarantor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchasers as of the date hereof: 
 
 (a) Organization and Qualification . The Guarantor is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction set forth on Schedule 3(a) , with the requisite corporate power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Guarantor has no subsidiaries other than those identified as such on the Disclosure Schedules to the Purchase Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not, individually or in the aggregate, (i) adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any of this Guaranty in any material respect, (ii) have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, prospects, or financial condition of the Guarantor or (iii) adversely impair in any material respect the Guarantor s ability to perform fully on a timely basis its obligations under this Guaranty (a Material Adverse Effect ). 
 
 (b) Authorization; Enforcement . The Guarantor has the requisite corporate or company power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Guaranty, and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Guaranty by the Guarantor and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of the Guarantor. This Guaranty has been duly executed and delivered by the Guarantor and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application. 
 
 3 

(c) No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty by the Guarantor and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of its certificate or articles of incorporation, operating agreement, bylaws or other organizational documents, or (ii) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Guarantor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Guarantor is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any material property or asset of the Guarantor is bound or affected, except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. The business of the Guarantor is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, do not have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 (d) Consents and Approvals . The Guarantor is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guaranty. 
 
 (e) Purchase Agreement . The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Purchase Agreement as they relate to such Guarantor, each of which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, are true and correct as of each time such representations are deemed to be made pursuant to such Purchase Agreement, and the Purchasers shall be entitled to rely on each of them as if they were fully set forth herein, provided that each reference in each such representation and warranty to the Company s knowledge shall, for the purposes of this Section 3, be deemed to be a reference to such Guarantor s knowledge. 
 
 (f) Foreign Law . Each Guarantor has consulted with appropriate foreign legal counsel with respect to any of the above representations for which non-U.S. law is applicable. As applicable, such foreign counsel has advised each applicable Guarantor that such counsel knows of no reason why any of the above representations would not be true and accurate. Such foreign counsel was provided with copies of this Guaranty and the Transaction Documents prior to rendering its advice, as applicable. 
 
 4.	Covenants . 
 
 (a) Each Guarantor covenants and agrees with the Purchasers that, from and after the date of this Guaranty until the Obligations shall have been indefeasibly paid in full, such Guarantor shall take, and/or shall refrain from taking, as the case may be, each commercially reasonable action that is necessary to be taken or not taken, as the case may be, so that no Event of Default (as defined in the Note) is caused by the failure to take such action or to refrain from taking such action by such Guarantor. 
 
 (b) So long as any of the Obligations are outstanding, unless the Purchasers holding at least 50.1 of the aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes shall otherwise consent in writing, each Guarantor will not directly or indirectly on or after the date of this Guaranty: 
 
 (i) except for Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the Security Agreement), enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind, including but not limited to, a guaranty, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom; 
 
 (ii) except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Security Agreement), enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Security Agreement); 
 
 (iii) amend its certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, operating agreement or other organizational documents so as to adversely affect any rights of any Purchaser; 
 
 (iv) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its securities or debt obligations; 
 
 (v) pay cash dividends on any equity securities of the Company; 
 
 4 

(vi) enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Guarantor which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing of the Company with the Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arm s-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for approval of the board of directors of the Company); or 
 
 (vii) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 
 5.	Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Amendments in Writing . None of the terms or provisions of this Guaranty may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except in writing by the Purchasers. 
 
 (b) Notices . All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Purchasers or any Guarantor hereunder shall be effected in the manner provided for in the Purchase Agreement, provided that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any Guarantor shall be addressed to such Guarantor at its notice address set forth on Schedule 5(b). 
 
 (c) No Waiver by Course of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies . The Purchasers shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to Section 5(a)), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any default under the Transaction Documents, including any Event of Default (as defined in the Note). No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Purchasers, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. A waiver by the Purchasers of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the Purchasers would otherwise have on any future occasion. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or concurrently and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law. 
 
 (d) Enforcement Expenses; Indemnification . 
 
 (i) Each Guarantor agrees to pay, or reimburse the Purchasers for, all its reasonable costs and expenses incurred in collecting against such Guarantor under the guaranty contained in Section 2 or otherwise enforcing or preserving any rights under this Guaranty and the other Transaction Documents to which such Guarantor is a party, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Purchasers. 
 
 (ii) Each Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying, any and all stamp, excise, sales or other taxes which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Guaranty. 
 
 (iii) Each Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this Guaranty to the extent the Company would be required to do so pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (iv) The agreements in this Section 5(d) shall survive repayment of the Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 
 (e) Successor and Assigns . This Guaranty shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of each Guarantor and shall inure to the benefit of the Purchasers and their respective successors and assigns; provided that no Guarantor may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Guaranty without the prior written consent of the Purchasers. 
 
 (f) Set-Off . Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Purchasers at any time and from time to time while an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) or other default under any of the Transaction Documents shall have occurred and be continuing, without notice to such Guarantor or any other Guarantor, any such notice being expressly waived by each Guarantor, to set off and appropriate and apply any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by the Purchasers to or for the credit or the account of such Guarantor, or any part thereof in such amounts as the Purchasers may elect, against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of such Guarantor to the Purchasers hereunder and claims of every nature and description of the Purchasers against such Guarantor, in any currency, whether arising hereunder, under the Purchase Agreement, any other Transaction Document or otherwise, as the Purchasers may elect, whether or not the Purchasers have made any demand for payment and although such obligations, liabilities and claims may be contingent or unmatured. The 
 5 

Purchasers shall notify such Guarantor promptly of any such set-off and the application made by the Purchasers of the proceeds thereof, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Purchasers under this Section 5(f) are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Purchasers may have. 
 
 (g) Counterparts . This Guaranty may be executed by two or more of the parties to this Guaranty on any number of separate counterparts (including by telecopy), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 (h) Severability . Any provision of this Guaranty which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 (i) Section Headings . The section headings used in this Guaranty are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof. 
 
 (j) Integration . This Guaranty and the other Transaction Documents represent the agreement of the Guarantors and the Purchasers with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Purchasers relative to the subject matter hereof and thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Transaction Documents. 
 
 (k) Governing Laws . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Guaranty shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each of the Company and the Guarantors agree that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Guaranty (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan. Each of the Company and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Guaranty and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guaranty or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 (l) Acknowledgements . Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that: 
 
 (i) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Guaranty and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party; 
 
 (ii) the Purchasers have no fiduciary relationship with or duty to any Guarantor arising out of or in connection with this Guaranty or any of the other Transaction Documents, and the relationship between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and 
 
 (iii) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the Guarantors and the Purchasers. 
 
 (m) Additional Guarantors . The Company shall cause each of its subsidiaries formed or acquired on or subsequent to the date hereof to become a Guarantor for all purposes of this Guaranty by executing and delivering an Assumption Agreement in the form of Annex 1 attached hereto.. 
 
 6 

(n) Release of Guarantors . Each Guarantor will be released from all liability hereunder concurrently with the indefeasible repayment in full of all amounts owed under the Purchase Agreement, the Note and the other Transaction Documents. 

(o) Seniority . Other than in connection with Permitted Indebtedness and Permitted Liens that rank senior to the Obligations, the Obligations of each of the Guarantors hereunder rank senior in priority to any other Indebtedness (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) of such Guarantor. 
 
 (p) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH GUARANTOR AND, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THE BENEFITS HEREOF, THE PURCHASERS, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 

(Signature Pages Follow) 
 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Guaranty to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

Microsource, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 John Regazzi 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Gresham Worldwide, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Jonathan Read 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Consented and agreed to: 
 
 AULT LENDING, LLC 
 
 By: __________________________________ 
 Name: David J. Katzoff 
 Title: Manager 
 8 

Disclosure Schedules 
 
 Guaranty 

SCHEDULE 3(a) 
 Organization and Qualification 
 
 Guarantors: 

Schedule 5(b) 
 
 Notices 

ANNEX 1 TO 
 
 GUARANTY 
 
 ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT , dated as of _____, ______, made by_________________, a __________ [corporation] (the Additional Guarantor ), in favor of the Purchasers, as defined in the Guaranty referred to below. All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in such Purchase Agreement (as defined below). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 
 WHEREAS , Giga-tronics Incorporated, a California corporation (the Company ), and the Purchasers have entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement ); 
 
 WHEREAS , in connection with the Purchase Agreement, each of Microsource, Inc. and Gresham Worldwide, Inc. has entered into the Guaranty, dated as of December 31, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guaranty ), in favor of the Purchaser; 
 
 WHEREAS , the Guaranty requires the Additional Guarantor to become a party to the Guaranty; and 
 
 WHEREAS , the Additional Guarantor has agreed to execute and deliver this Assumption Agreement in order to become a party to the Guaranty; 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED: 
 
 1. Guaranty . By executing and delivering this Assumption Agreement, the Additional Guarantor, as provided in Section 5(m) of the Guaranty, hereby becomes a party to the Guaranty as a Guarantor thereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Guarantor and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby expressly assumes all obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor thereunder. The information set forth in Annex 1 hereto is hereby added to the information set forth in the Disclosure Schedules to the Guaranty. The Additional Guarantor hereby represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of the Guaranty is true and correct on and as the date hereof as to such Additional Guarantor (after giving effect to this Assumption Agreement) as if made on and as of such date. 
 
 2. Governing Law . THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

[ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ANNEX 1 TO ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
 
 DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES 

</EX-10.47>

<EX-10.48>
 13
 giga-ex10_48.htm
 EX-10.48

EX-10.48 

BitNile Holdings, Inc. 
 Ault Lending, LLC 
 January 3, 2023 
 Page 1 
 
 Exhibit 10.48 
 Giga-tronics, Incorporated 
 5990 Gleason Drive, 
 Dublin, CA 94568 
 
 January 3, 2023 
 BitNile Holdings, Inc. 
 11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 330, 
 Las Vegas, NV 89141 
 Attention: William Horne, CEO 
 
 Ault Lending, LLC 
 11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 330, 
 Las Vegas, NV 89141 
 Attention: David J. Katzoff, Manager 
 
 Re:	 Letter Agreement relating to Reservation of Shares 
 
 Dear Mr. Horne and Mr. Katzoff: 
 
 Reference is made to that certain senior secured promissory exchange note due December 31, 2024 in the principal amount of 4,382,740 (the Exchange Note that was issued by Giga-tronics Incorporated, a California corporation Giga to BitNile Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation BitNile on December 31, 2022 pursuant to that certain exchange agreement dated December 31, 2022 between Giga and BitNile (the Exchange Agreement ). Reference is also made to the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) (the Exchange Transaction Documents dated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Reference is made to that certain senior secured promissory note due December 31, 2024 in the principal amount of 6,750,000 (the Secured Note that was issued by Giga to Ault Lending, LLC, Ault on December 31, 2022 pursuant to that certain securities purchase agreement dated December 31, 2022 (the Purchase Agreement ). Reference is also made to the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the New Note Transaction Documents dated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The parties agree that notwithstanding the defined terms Required Minimum and Reserve Amount and the applicable related provisions in any of the Exchange Note, the Exchange Agreement, the Exchange Transaction Documents, the Secured Note, the Purchase Agreement and the New Note Transaction Documents (including the Warrant as defined in the Purchase Agreement), Giga shall not be required to reserve more than 150 of the shares issuable under the Exchange Note and the Secured Note using 0.78 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, 
 
 BitNile Holdings, Inc. 
 Ault Lending, LLC 
 January 3, 2023 
 Page 2 
 
 stock dividends or combinations) plus reservation of one share for each outstanding share issuable under the warrants (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends or combinations). 
 
 Please acknowledge your agreement of the foregoing by executing a copy of this letter amendment and returning a copy for our files. 
 
 Giga: 
 
 GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED 

By: __________________________ 
 Name: Jonathan Read 
 Title: CEO 

Agreed to and accepted: 

BitNile: 
 
 BitNile Holdings, Inc. 

By: ___________________________ 
 Name: William Horne 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Ault: 
 
 Ault Lending, LLC 

By: ___________________________ 
 Name: David J. Katzoff 
 Title: Manager 

</EX-10.48>

<EX-10.49>
 14
 giga-ex10_49.htm
 EX-10.49

EX-10.49 

Exhibit 10.49 
 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 
 	THIS NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into as of September 8, 2022 (the Grant Date between Giga-tronics, Inc. (the Company and ____________ (the Optionee ). 
 
 	WHEREAS, by action taken by the Board of Directors (the Board it has adopted the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ); and 
 
 	WHEREAS, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Agreement, as amended, by and among the Company Gresham Worldwide, Inc. Gresham ), and BitNile Holdings, Inc. dated December 27, 2021, the Company is required to assume Gresham s non-qualified stock option grants to the Optionee, and has granted the Optionee the right to purchase the common stock of the Company pursuant to stock options. 
 
 	NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
 	.	 Grant of Non-Qualified Options . On the Grant Date, the Company irrevocably granted to the Optionee, as a matter of separate agreement and not in lieu of salary or other compensation for services, the right and option to purchase all or any part of ________ shares of authorized but unissued or treasury common stock of the Company (the Options on the terms and conditions herein set forth. The Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, as amended. 
 
 	.	 Price . The exercise price of the Options is ____ per share. 
 
 	.	 Vesting - When Exercisable . 
 
 		(a)	__________ of the Options are fully vested, and the remaining _________ Options shall vest _________________________ subject to the Optionee being employed by the Company and/or a subsidiary on each applicable vesting date. The number of Options vesting each month shall be as follows: 

Vesting Date 
 Number of Shares Vesting 

In the event of a Change of Control, the Options shall be assumed or substituted by the successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary of the successor corporation. If the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Options, all Options immediately prior to the closing of the Change of Control event will automatically be exercised by a net exercise of the Options, under which the Company will not require a payment of the exercise price of the Options in cash but will reduce the number of shares of common stock issued upon exercise by a whole number of shares based upon the price paid per share by the successor corporation. 
 1 

(b)	Any of the vested Options may be exercised prior to and until 6:00 p.m. Eastern time on ___________ (the Expiration Date 
 
 	4.	 Termination of Relationship . 
 
 	 (a)	Except as provided in Section 4(b) or (c) of this Agreement, if for any reason the Optionee ceases to perform services for the Company, all rights granted hereunder shall terminate effective one year from that date. 
 
 		(b)	If the Optionee ceases to provide services for the Company as a result of his death, the Optionee s estate or any Transferee, as defined herein, shall have the right for one year from the date of death to exercise the Options. For the purpose of this Agreement, Transferee shall mean a person to whom such shares are transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 
 	(c)	If the Optionee ceases to provide services as a result of becoming disabled within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code, all rights granted hereunder shall terminate effective one year from that date. 
 
 		(d)	Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 4, the Options may not be exercised after the Expiration Date. 
 
 		(e)	Any of the Options that were not vested immediately prior to the Expiration Date shall terminate at that time. 
 
 For purposes of this Section 4 Company shall include subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the Company. 
 
 	5.	Reserved. 
 
 	6.	 Method of Exercise . The Options shall be exercisable by a written notice in the form attached to this Agreement, which shall: 
 
 (a)	be signed by the person or persons entitled to exercise the Options and, if the Options are being exercised by any person or persons other than the Optionee, be accompanied by proof, satisfactory to counsel for the Company, of the right of such person or persons to exercise the Options; 
 
 (b)	be accompanied by full payment of the exercise price by tender to the Company of an amount equal to the exercise price multiplied by the number of underlying shares being purchased either in cash, by wire transfer, or by certified check or bank cashier s check, payable to the order of the Company; 
 
 (c)	be accompanied by payment of any amount that the Company, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to comply with any federal, state or local withholding requirements 
 2 
 
 for income and employment tax purposes. If the Optionee fails to make such payment in a timely manner, the Company may: (i) decline to permit exercise of the Options or (ii) withhold and set-off against compensation and any other amounts payable to the Optionee the amount of such required payment. Such withholding may be in the shares underlying the Options at the sole discretion of the Company. 
 
 	The certificate or certificates for shares of common stock as to which the Options shall be exercised shall be registered in the name of the person or persons exercising the Options unless the underlying common stock is available to be sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. 
 
 	7.	 Necessity to Become Holder of Record . Neither the Optionee, the Optionee s estate, nor any Transferee shall have any rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares underlying the Options until such person shall have become the holder of record of such shares. No dividends or cash distributions, ordinary or extraordinary, shall be provided to the holder if the record date is prior to the date on which such person became the holder of record thereof. 
 
 	8.	 Reservation of Right to Terminate Relationship . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall restrict the right of the Company to terminate the relationship of the Optionee at any time, with or without cause. 
 
 	9.	 Conditions to Exercise of Options . If a Registration Statement on Form S-8 containing a resale prospectus (or any other successor form) is not effective as to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Options, the remainder of this Section 9 is applicable as to federal law. In order to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and relevant state law, the Company may require the Optionee, the Optionee s estate, or any Transferee as a condition of the exercising of the Options granted hereunder, to give written assurance satisfactory to the Company that the shares subject to the Options are being acquired for such person s own account, for investment only, with no view to the distribution of same, and that any subsequent resale of any such shares either shall be made pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act and applicable state law which has become effective and is current with regard to the shares being sold, or shall be pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and applicable state law. 
 
 	The Options are further subject to the requirement that, if at any time the Board shall determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, or qualification of the shares of common stock underlying the Options upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary as a condition of, or in connection with the issue or purchase of shares underlying the Options, the Options may not be exercised in whole or in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected. 
 
 	10.	 Sale of Shares Acquired Upon Exercise of Options . If the Optionee is a director (as defined by Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Section 16(b) )) of the Company, any shares of the Company s common stock acquired pursuant to the Options cannot be sold by the Optionee until at least six months elapse from the Grant Date except in case of death or disability or if the grant was exempt from the short-swing profit provisions of Section 16(b). 
 3 

11.	 Transfer . No transfer of the Options by the Optionee by will or by the laws of descent and distribution shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Company shall have been furnished with written notice thereof and a copy of the letters testamentary or such other evidence as the Board may deem necessary to establish the authority of the estate and the acceptance by the Transferee or Transferees of the terms and conditions of the Options. 
 
 	12.	 Duties of the Company . The Company will at all times during the term of the Options: 
 
 (a)	Reserve and keep available for issue such number of shares of its authorized and unissued common stock as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Agreement; 
 
 (b)	Pay all original issue taxes with respect to the issuance of shares pursuant hereto and all other fees and expenses necessarily incurred by the Company in connection therewith; 
 
 (c)	Use its best efforts to comply with all laws and regulations which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, shall be applicable thereto. 
 
 	13.	 Parties Bound by Plan . The Plan and each determination, interpretation or other action made or taken pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final and shall be binding and conclusive for all purposes on the Company and the Optionee and the Optionee s respective successors in interest. 
 
 	14.	 Severability . In the event any parts of this Agreement are found to be void, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless be binding with the same effect as though the void parts were deleted. 
 
 	15.	 Benefit . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their legal representatives, successors and assigns. 
 
 	16.	 Notices and Addresses . All notices, offers, acceptance and any other acts under this Agreement (except payment) shall be in writing and shall be delivered to the addresses in person, by FedEx or similar receipted delivery as follows: 
 
 	The Optionee:				at the address on the Signature Page 
 
 	The Company:				Giga-tronics, Inc. 
 						7272 E. Indian School Road, Suite 540 
 						Scottsdale, AZ 85251 
 						Attention: ____________ 
 						Email: _______________ 
 						 
 	with a copy to:				Michael D. Harris, Esq. 
 						Nason, Yeager, Gerson, Harris Fumero, P.A. 
 						3001 PGA Boulevard, 	Suite 305 
 4 
 
 						Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33410 
 
 or to such other address as either of them, by notice to the other may designate from time to time. 
 
 	17.	 Attorney s Fees . In the event that there is any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or to the interpretation, breach or enforcement thereof, and any action or proceeding is commenced to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to a reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses. 
 
 	18.	 Governing Law . This Agreement and any dispute, disagreement, or issue of construction or interpretation arising hereunder whether relating to its execution, its validity, the obligations provided herein or performance whether sounding in contract, tort or otherwise shall be governed or interpreted according to the laws of California without regard to choice of law considerations. 
 
 	19.	 Oral Evidence . This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally, except by a statement in writing signed by the party or parties against which enforcement or the change, waiver discharge or termination is sought. 
 
 	20.	 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The execution of this Agreement may be by actual or facsimile signature. 
 
 	21.	 Section or Paragraph Headings . Section headings herein have been inserted for reference only and shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect, in any matter, or be deemed to interpret in whole or in part any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 	22.	 Stop-Transfer Orders . 
 
 		(a)	The Optionee agrees that, in order to ensure compliance with the restrictions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to its duly authorized transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its own records. 
 
 		(b)	The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its books any shares of the Company s common stock that have been sold or otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions of the Plan or the Agreement or (ii) to treat the owner of such shares of common stock or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to any purchaser or other Transferee to whom such shares of common stock shall have been so transferred. 
 
 	23.	 Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue . Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by or arising under this Agreement shall be brought only in the state or federal courts of Maricopa County, Arizona. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and 
 5 
 
 shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non convenience. 
 
 [Signature Page to Follow] 

6 
 
 	IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have set their hand and seals the day and year first above written. 
 
 		GIGA-TRONICS, INC. 

By: 						 
 								Lutz Henckels, Chief Financial Officer 

OPTIONEE: 

______________ 
 
 							Address: 

7 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 
 
 To: 	__________________________ 
 	__________________________ 
 	__________________________ 
 	Attention _________, _______________ 
 	 
 	Please be advised that I hereby elect to exercise my option to purchase shares of ___________, pursuant to the Stock Option Agreement dated __________________. 
 
 Number of Shares to Be Purchased:				_______________ 
 
 Multiplied by: Purchase Price Per Share			 ______________ 
 
 	Total Purchase Price					 _______________ 
 
 Please check the payment method below: 
 
 ____	Enclosed is a check for the total purchase price above. 
 
 ____	Wire transfer sent on _____________, 20__. 
 
 Please contact me as soon as possible to discuss the possible payment of withholding taxes and any other documents we may require. 

Name of Option Holder (Please Print): ________________________________ 
 
 Address of Option Holder 
 
 ________________________________________________________________ 

Telephone Number of Option Holder: 	________________________________ 
 
 Social Security Number of Option Holder: 	________________________________ 

If the certificate is to be issued to person other than the Option Holder, please provide the following for such person: 

________________________________ 
 (Name) 
 
 ________________________________ 
 (Address) 
 
 ________________________________ 
 
 ________________________________ 

________________________________ 
 (Telephone Number) 
 
 ________________________________ 
 (Social Security Number) 

In connection with the issuance of the Common Stock if the Common Stock may not be immediately publicly sold , I hereby represent to the Company that I am acquiring the Common Stock for my own account for investment and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, a distribution of the shares within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ). 
 
 I am______ am not ______ [ please initial one ] an accredited investor for at least one of the reasons on the attached Exhibit A . If the SEC has amended the rule defining the definition of accredited investor, the new provisions shall be applicable. I acknowledge that as a condition to exercise the Options, the Company may request updated information regarding the Holder s status as an accredited investor. My exercise of the Options shall be in compliance with the applicable exemptions under the Securities Act and applicable state law. 

________________________________		Dated: _________________ 
 Signature of Option Holder 

9 

Exhibit A To Stock Option Agreement 
 
 For Individual Investors Only : 
 
 	1.	A person who has an individual net worth, or a person who with his or her spouse has a combined net worth, in excess of 1,000,000. For purposes of calculating net worth under this paragraph (1), (i) the primary residence shall not be included as an asset, (ii) to the extent that the indebtedness that is secured by the primary residence is in excess of the fair market value of the primary residence, the excess amount shall be included as a liability, and (iii) if the amount of outstanding indebtedness that is secured by the primary residence exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days prior to exercising the stock options, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall be included as a liability. 
 
 	2a.	A person who had individual income (exclusive of any income attributable to the person s spouse) of more than who has 200,000 in each of the two most recently completed years and who reasonably expects to have an individual income in excess of 200,000 this year. 
 
 	2b.	Alternatively, a person, who with his or her spouse, has joint income in excess of 300,000 in each applicable year. 
 
 	3.	A director or executive officer of the Company. 
 
 	4.	Any natural person holding in good standing one or more professional certifications or designations or credentials from an accredited educational institution that the Commission has designated as qualifying an individual for accredited investor status. For purposes of determining whether an individual meets this definition, you must have the following: 
 
 (a) The certification, designation, or credential arises out of an examination administered by a self-regulatory organization or accredited educational institution; 

(b) The examination is designed to reliably and validly demonstrate an individual's comprehension and sophistication in the areas of securities and investing; 

(c) Persons obtaining such certification, designation, or credential can reasonably be expected to have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the merits and risks of a prospective investment; and 

(d) An indication that an individual holds the certification or designation is independently verifiable. 

Other Investors : 
 
 	5.	Any bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity; any broker or dealer registered pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act; investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of that Act; Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees, if such plan has total assets in excess of 5,000,000; employee benefit plan within the meaning of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, or 

registered investment advisor, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of 5,000,000, or if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons that are accredited investors. 
 
 	6.	A private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940. 
 
 	7.	An organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust or partnership, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, with total assets in excess of 5,000,000. 
 
 	8.	A trust, with total assets in excess of 5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of the Securities Act. 
 
 	9.	An entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors. 
 
 11 

</EX-10.49>

<EX-10.50>
 15
 giga-ex10_50.htm
 EX-10.50

EX-10.50 

DATE \@ M/d/yyyy h:mm am/pm 4/15/2023 10:55 AM 
 Exhibit 10.50 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 NON-PLAN 
 
 	This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), entered into as of September 8, 2022 (the Grant Date ), sets forth the terms and conditions of an award (this Award of restricted stock units RSUs granted by Giga-tronics, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), to __________ (the Recipient ). 
 
 	WHEREAS, the Company closed a Share Exchange Agreement with Gresham Worldwide, Inc GWW which required the Company to assume RSUs granted to the Recipient. 
 
 	NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
 1. Award . Effective as of the Grant Date, the Recipient was granted ___________ RSUs. This Agreement replaces any Restricted Stock Unit Agreement previously granted by GWW 

2. Vesting . 

(a) As of the date of this Agreement ________ RSUs are fully vested and the remaining _______ shall vest in equal increments on May 25, 2023 and May 25, 2024, subject to continued employment with the Company or any subsidiary on each applicable vesting date. Vested RSUs shall be paid out in the form of shares of the Company s Common Stock with delivery of the Common Stock on the earlier of the Recipient terminating his employment or on May 25, 2025. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the RSUs shall vest immediately (subject to the termination provisions under Section 3) on the occurrence of a Change of Control as defined below, with delivery of the shares of Common Stock to be issued immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control. For the purposes of this Agreement, a Change of Control shall be defined as any of the following: 

(1) A sale, transfer, or other disposition by the Company through a single transaction or a series of transactions of securities of the Company representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities to any Person who is not an Affiliate and a replacement of the majority of the members of the Board under Section 3(a)(4) below. For purposes of this definition, the term Person shall mean and include any individual, partnership, joint venture, association, trust, corporation, or other entity (including a group as referred to in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). For purposes of this definition, the term Affiliate shall mean any Person who is an executive officer, director or more than 10 shareholder of the Company or who, directly or indirectly, individually or through any person or entity, has the power to control the Company; 

(2) A sale, transfer, or other disposition through a single transaction or a series of related transactions of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; 

(3) Any consolidation or merger of the Company, unless immediately after the consolidation or merger the holders of the common stock of the Company immediately prior to the consolidation or merger are the beneficial owners of securities of the surviving corporation representing at least 50 of the combined voting power of the surviving corporation s then outstanding securities; or 

(4) Within a 12 month period, individuals who, as of the beginning of such period, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to the beginning of such period whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director, without written objection to such nomination) shall be an Incumbent Director; provided , however , that no individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to directors or as a result of any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies by or on behalf of any person other than the Board shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director. 

(b) However, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement at the option of the Board, all RSUs whether vested or unvested shall be immediately forfeited if the Board adopts a Resolution concluding that any of the following events occurred: 

(1) The Recipient is dismissed as an employee for cause under the terms of a written employment agreement; 

(2) The Recipient purchases or sells securities of the Company in violation of the Company s insider trading guidelines then in effect; 

(3) The Recipient breaches any duty of confidentiality including that required by the Company s insider trading guidelines then in effect; 

(4) The Recipient competes with the Company by soliciting customers located within or otherwise where the Company is doing business within any state, or where the Company expects to do business within three months following ceasing to perform the Services and, in this later event, the Recipient has actual knowledge of such plans; 

(5) The Recipient is unavailable for consultation after termination of the Recipient if such availability is a condition of any agreement between the Company and the Recipient; 

(6) The Recipient recruits Company personnel for another entity or business within 24 months following termination of employment; or 

2 

(7) The Recipient fails to assign any invention, technology, or related intellectual property rights to the Company if such assignment is a condition of any agreement between the Company and the Recipient. 

3. Termination of Relationship . 

(a) If for any reason, the Recipient is no longer an employee of the Company, all unvested RSUs shall lapse. 

(b) For the purposes of this Section 3, Company shall include subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the Company. 

(c) If the Recipient ceases to provide services for the Company as a result of his death, the Recipient s estate or any Transferee, as defined herein, shall have the right for 12 months form the date of death to obtain the delivery of vested shares. For the purpose of this Agreement, Transferee shall mean a person to whom such shares are transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 

4. Profits on the Sale of Certain Shares; Redemption . If any of the events specified in Section 3(c) of this Agreement occur within one year from the last date the Recipient performed services for the Company in the capacity for which the RSUs were granted (the Termination Date (or such longer period required by any written agreement), all profits earned from the sale of the Company s securities, including the sale of shares of common stock underlying this Award, during the two-year period commencing one year prior to the Termination Date shall be forfeited and immediately paid by the Recipient to the Company. Further, in such event, the Company may at its option redeem shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of this Award by payment of the exercise price to the Recipient. The Company s rights under this Section 4 do not lapse one year from the Termination Date but are a contract right subject to any appropriate statutory limitation period. 

5. Adjustments . Upon the occurrence of any of the following events, the Recipient s rights with respect to the RSUs shall be adjusted as hereinafter provided unless otherwise specifically provided in a written agreement between the Recipient and the Company relating to the RSUs: 

(a) If the shares of common stock shall be subdivided or combined into a greater or smaller number of shares or if the Company shall issue any shares of its common stock as a stock dividend on its outstanding common stock, the number of shares of common stock deliverable following the full vesting of the RSUs shall be appropriately increased or decreased proportionately. 

(b) If the Company is to be consolidated with or acquired by another entity, the board of directors of any entity assuming the obligations of the Company hereunder (the Successor Board shall either (i) make appropriate provision for the continuation of the RSUs by substituting on an equitable basis for the shares underlying the RSUs the consideration payable with respect to the outstanding shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition or 

3 

consolidation; or (ii) terminate all the RSUs in exchange for a cash payment equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares subject to the RSUs. 

(c) In the event of a recapitalization or a reorganization of the Company (other than a transaction described in Section 5(b) above) pursuant to which securities of the Company or of another corporation are issued with respect to the outstanding shares of common stock, the Recipient shall be entitled to receive for the securities of the Recipient would have received if the common stock had been delivered to the Recipient prior to such recapitalization or reorganization. Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of common stock of any class or securities convertible or exercisable into shares of common stock of any class shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number of shares subject to the RSUs. No adjustments shall be made for dividends or other distributions paid in cash or in property other than securities. With respect to shares issued in accordance with this Section 8, no fractional shares shall be issued and the Recipient shall receive from the Company cash in lieu of such fractional shares. 

(d) The Board or the Successor Board shall determine the specific adjustments to be made under this Section 5, and its determination shall be conclusive. If the Recipient receives securities or cash in connection with a corporate transaction described in Section 5(a), (b) or (c) above as a result of holding the RSUs, such securities or cash shall be subject to all of the conditions and restrictions applicable to the RSUs with respect to which such securities or cash were issued, unless otherwise determined by the Board or the Successor Board. 

6. Necessity to Become Holder of Record . Neither the Recipient, the Recipient s estate, nor any Transferee shall have any rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares underlying the RSUs until such person shall have become the holder of record of such shares. No dividends or cash distributions, ordinary or extraordinary, shall be provided to the holder if the record date is prior to the date on which such person became the holder of record thereof. 

7. Reservation of Right to Terminate Relationship . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall restrict the right of the Company to terminate the relationship of the Recipient at any time, with or without cause. The termination of the relationship of the Recipient by the Company, regardless of the reason therefor, shall have the results provided for in Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement. 

8. Duties of the Company . The Company will at all times during the term of the RSUs: 

(a) Reserve and keep available for issue such number of shares of its authorized and unissued common stock as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of this Agreement; 

(b) Pay all original issue taxes with respect to the issue of shares pursuant hereto and all other fees and expenses necessarily incurred by the Company in connection therewith; and 

(c) Use its best efforts to comply with all laws and regulations which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, shall be applicable thereto. 

4 

9. Severability . In the event any parts of this Agreement are found to be void, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless be binding with the same effect as though the void parts were deleted. 

10. Arbitration . Any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or its interpretation, application, implementation, breach or enforcement which the parties are unable to resolve by mutual agreement, shall be settled by submission by either party of the controversy, claim or dispute to binding arbitration in Maricopa County, Arizona (unless the parties agree in writing to a different location), before a single arbitrator in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. The decision and award made by the arbitrator shall be final, binding and conclusive on all parties hereto for all purposes, and judgment may be entered thereon in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 

11. Benefit . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their legal representatives, successors and assigns. 

12. Notices and Addresses . All notices, offers, acceptance and any other acts under this Agreement (except payment) shall be in writing, and shall be sufficiently given if delivered to the addressees in person, by email or by FedEx or similar receipted delivery, as follows: 

The Recipient:	To the Recipient at the address on the signature page of this Agreement 
 
 	The Company:				Giga-tronics, Inc. 
 						7272 E. Indian School Road, Suite 540 
 						Scottsdale, AZ 85251 
 						Attention: Lutz Henckels 
 						Email:lhenckles@gigatronics.com 
 
 	with a copy to:				Michael D. Harris, Esq. 
 						Nason, Yeager, Gerson, Harris Fumero, P.A. 
 						3001 PGA Boulevard, Suite 305 
 						Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33410 
 						Email: mharris@nasonyeager.com 
 
 or to such other address as either of them, by notice to the other may designate from time to time. Time shall be counted to, or from, as the case may be, the delivery in person or by mailing. 
 
 13. Attorneys Fees . In the event that there is any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or to the interpretation, breach or enforcement thereof, and any action or proceeding is commenced to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses. 

14. 18.	 Governing Law . This Agreement and any dispute, disagreement, or issue of construction or interpretation arising hereunder whether relating to its execution, its validity, the obligations provided herein or performance shall be governed or interpreted according to the laws 

5 

of the State of New York without regard to choice of law considerations. 

15. Oral Evidence . This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally, except by a statement in writing signed by the party or parties against which enforcement or the change, waiver discharge or termination is sought. 

16. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The execution of this Agreement may be by actual or facsimile signature. 

17. Section or Paragraph Headings . Section headings herein have been inserted for reference only and shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect, in any matter, or be deemed to interpret in whole or in part any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement. 

18. Restriction on Transfer . The Recipient shall not sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any RSUs prior to the applicable share delivery date. 

19. Tax Withholding . The Recipient acknowledges and agrees that the Company may require the Recipient to pay, or may withhold from sums owed by the Company to the Recipient, any amount necessary to comply with the minimum applicable withholding requirements that the Company deems necessary to comply with any federal, state or local withholding requirements for income and employment tax purposes. 

20. No Obligation to Minimize Taxes . The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of this Award to the Recipient and will not be liable to the Recipient for any adverse tax consequences arising in connection with this Award. The Recipient has been advised to consult with his own personal tax, financial and/or legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of this Award. 

21. 409A Compliance . The provisions of this Agreement and the issuance of the shares of Common Stock in respect of the RSUs is intended to comply with the short-term deferral exception as specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-l(b)(4). 

[Signature Page To Follow] 

6 

The parties hereto have set their hand and seals the day and year first above written. 
 
 GIGA-Tronics, INC. 

By: 							 
 							_________________, 	Chief Financial Officer 

RECIPIENT: 

_________________ 

M:\15779-GIGA\Agreements\RSU Agreement Form -Non-Plan - 4-14-23.docx/aaa 
 7 

</EX-10.50>

<EX-10.51>
 16
 giga-ex10_51.htm
 EX-10.51

EX-10.51 

Exhibit 10.51 
 
 EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of this September 15, 2020 Effective Date ), by and between Gresham Worldwide, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of DPW Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation DPW ),with an address of 201 Shipyard Way, Newport Beach, California 92663 (the Company and Jonathan Read, an individual (the Executive ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 WHEREAS , the Executive desires to be employed by the Company as its Chief Executive Officer and the Company wishes to employ Executive in such capacity; 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the respective covenants and agreements of the parties contained in this Agreement, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Employment and Duties . The Company agrees to employ and Executive agrees to serve as the Company's Chief Executive Officer. The rights, duties and responsibilities of Executive shall include the right and duty to manage the day to day operations of the Company and such other duties and responsibilities as are consistent with Executive s position. Executive shall report only to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and, for as long as DPW beneficially owns no less than Thirty Percent (30 of the shares of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock ), to the President or Chief Executive Officer of DPW. 

Executive shall devote a sufficient amount of his working time and efforts during the Company's normal business hours to the business and affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries in order to diligently and faithfully perform his duties and responsibilities duly assigned to him pursuant to this Agreement. Executive shall perform his duties consistent with the State of Delaware s duty of care and duty of loyalty standards. Executive shall be permitted to carry on additional activities provided that none of the additional activities interferes with the performance of the duties and responsibilities of Executive or are determined to be inconsistent with the position, standing, stature, reputation or best interests of the Company; nothing in this Section 1 , shall prohibit Executive from (a) serving as a director or member of a committee of entities that do not, in the reasonable good faith determination of the Board, compete with the Company or otherwise create, or could create, in the reasonable good faith determination of the Board, a conflict of interest with the business of the Company: (b) delivering lectures, fulfilling speaking engagements, and any writing or publication relating to his area of expertise; (c) serving as a director or trustee of any governmental, charitable or educational organization; or (d) engaging in additional activities in connection with personal and/or business investments and community affairs. 
 2. Term . The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue through September 14, 2024 (the Term unless earlier terminated by either party providing the other party with written notice of his or its intention to terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days' notice. 

3. Place of Employment . Executive's services may, but need not, be performed at the Company's offices at the address in the first paragraph above. The Executive may from time to time perform his duties to the Company at another location or locations, at the discretion of Executive. The parties acknowledge that Executive may be required to travel in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder. 

4. Base Salary . For all services to be rendered by Executive pursuant to this Agreement, the Company agrees to pay Executive during the Term a base salary at an annual rate of 250,000 (the Base Salary plus 500 per month car allowance. In addition, the Base Salary as then in effect shall be subject to such further upward adjustments as shall be determined by the Board in its sole discretion. The Base Salary shall be paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company's regular payroll practices. 

5. Performance Bonus; Stock Options . 

(a) Performance Bonus. 

(i) In the event that the Company achieves annual revenues of no less than 25,000,000, the Company shall pay to Executive a performance bonus for each such year based on the Company's net income, as calculated under GAAP, at the end of each calendar year during the Term, in accordance with the following schedule: 

Bonus 

Net Income (US dollars) (1 
 
 of Base Salary 
 
 US dolla rs 

5 -7 
 
 20.00 
 
 US 50,000.00 

> 7 -8 
 
 35.00 
 
 US 87,500.00 

> 8 - 10 
 
 50.00 
 
 US 125,000.00 

> 10 
 
 1 00 .0 0 
 
 US 250,000.00 

(1) Subject to Executive s prior written approval. specific performance criteria are subject to modification at the sole discretion of the Board and, for as long as DPW beneficially owns no less than Thirty Percent (30 of the shares of Common Stock, the Chief Executive Officer of DPW Holdings. 

(ii) The determination of whether the Company has achieved a certain level of Net Income in any year for the purposes of this section shall be made by independent registered public accounting firm regularly retained or employed by the Company (the Firm within ninety (90) days after the end of each calendar year, and shall be conclusive on the Company and Executive. Solely with respect to the calculation of Executive s Performance Bonus pursuant to this Section 5(a), Net Income shall exclude those costs attributed to interest and dividends payable by the Company and/or its subsidiaries to DPW Holdings and include all reasonable and mutually agreed upon costs paid or incurred by DPW Holdings and allocated to the Company. 

(iii) The performance bonus shall be payable in cash or, if the Company's common stock is listed or traded on any national securities exchange or market, in the sole discretion of the Board. unrestricted shares of the Company s common stock. 

(iv) The performance bonus shall be due and payable within thirty (30) days the Firm shall have made its determination. 

(b) Stock Options . Provided that: (i) the Company shall have consummated an initial public offering (the IPO ), and (ii) the Company shall have established a stock incentive plan (the Plan permitting the Company to issue no more than twenty percent (20 of its number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding pending the closing of the Offering (the Plan Shares ), then 

(i) The Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Plan and be awarded stock options thereunder (the options to purchase no more than thirty percent (30 of the Plan Shares. 

(ii) All Options held by the Executive shall provide for a four-year vesting schedule from the date of this Agreement. 

(iii) Notwithstanding the preceding clause (ii), (A) the Options shall become immediately exercisable as to 100 of the Plan Shares not otherwise vested upon any termination of Executive's employment for Good Reason and such period shall continue for a period of twelve (12) months after such termination, (B) the Options shall become immediately exercisable as to 100 of the Plan Shares not otherwise vested upon any termination of Executive's employment upon a Change of Control or for death or Disability and such period shall continue for a period of ninety (90) days after such termination and (C) in the event that Executive is terminated for Cause, all unexercised Options, whether or not vested, shall immediately be rendered null and void . 

(c) If the Executive accepts a stock option grant prior to the adoption of the Plan, then the provisions of section 5(b) shall not apply and the Company shall have no obligation to issue stock options to the Executive pursuant to the Plan and this Agreement. However, although the Company shall have no obligation to issue the Executive any additional stock options, the Board in its sole discretion may award a supplemental grant of stock options to Executive. 

All bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation provided to the Executive shall be subject to the Company s Clawback Policy for Restatements, which is appended hereto as Appendix A . 
 2 
 
 6. Expenses . Executive shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement by the Company for all reasonable and necessary travel, entertainment, and other expenses incurred by Executive while employed (in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company for its executive officers) in the performance of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement; provided, that Executive shall properly account for such expenses in accordance with Company policies and procedures. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Company's policies and procedures to the contrary, Executive shall be reimbursed for the cost of his cellular phone, internet services and a laptop used for the Company s business. 

7. Benefits . 

(a) Benefit Plans . During the term of this Agreement, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in incentive, stock purchase, savings, retirement, and welfare benefit plans, including, without limitation, health, medical, dental, vision, life (including accidental death and dismemberment) and disability insurance plans (collectively, Benefit Plans ), in the same manner and at the same levels as the Company makes such opportunities available to the Company's managerial or salaried executive employees. In the event that any waiting periods or other eligibility requirements are imposed prior to Executive becoming eligible for any of such Benefit Plans, then the Company shall reimburse Executive for the cost(s) incurred by Executive in maintaining his current benefit plans during any such waiting or eligibility periods. 

(b) Vacation . The Executive shall be entitled to 4 weeks of vacation (in addition to the usual national holidays) during each contract year during which be serves hereunder. Such vacation shall be taken at such time or times as will be mutually agreed between the Executive and the Company. Vacation not taken during a calendar year may be carried forward, with a maximum accrual or 8 weeks. 

(c) Severance Compensation . Upon termination of Executive's employment: (i) Executive shall be entitled to receive any earned but unpaid Base Salary through the termination date: (ii) Executive shall be entitled to receive any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by the Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date, and (iii) Executive shall be entitled to receive any accrued but unused vacation time through the termination date. Further, unless the Executive's employment is terminated as a result of his death or Disability or for Cause or Executive terminates his employment without Good Reason, then upon the termination or non-renewal of Executive s employment (other than upon the expiration of the Term), the Company shall pay to Executive a severance payment as follows: (1) the Company shall pay Executive an amount equal to twelve (12) months of Executive's Base Salary (as in effect immediately prior to the termination date), and (2); a prorated Bonus amount calculated in accordance with Executive s Performance Bonus criteria set forth in Section 5(a) and the actual number of days Executive worked in the calendar year prior to the termination date. All severance payments pursuant to this Section 7(c)(l) and 7(c)(2) shall be payable over a term of twelve (12) months in periodic monthly installments. 

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 Cause shall mean the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform substantially his duties and responsibilities for the Company (other than any such failure resulting from Executive s death or Disability) after a written demand by the Board for substantial performance is delivered to the Executive by the Company, which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board believes that the Executive has not substantially performed his duties and responsibilities, which willful and continued failure is not cured by the Executive within thirty (30) days of his receipt of such written demand; (b) the conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony, or (c) finding of a court that the executive has committed fraud, dishonesty or gross misconduct which is materially and demonstratively injurious to the Company. 
 Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (i) the accumulation (if over time, in any consecutive twelve (12) month period), whether directly, indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of 50.l or more of the shares of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company, whether by merger, consolidation, sale or other transfer of shares of Common Stock (other than a merger or consolidation where the stockholders of the Company prior to the merger or consolidation are the holders of a majority of the voting securities of the entity that survives such merger or consolidation), (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or (iii) if DPW beneficially owns less then Thirty Percent (30 of the shares of Common Stock, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Executive, during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months, the individuals 
 3 
 
 who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the 12-month period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however , that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control for the purposes of this Agreement: (A) any acquisitions of Common Stock or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into Common Stock directly from the Company or from any affiliate of the Company, or (B) any acquisition of Common Stock or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into Common Stock by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored by or maintained by the Company, or (C) any acquisitions of Common Stock or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into Common Stock directly from the Company by, or a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or reorganization with, DPW, or any of its affiliates. 
 Disability shall mean a physical or mental disability that prevents the performance by the Executive, with or without reasonable accommodation, of his duties and responsibilities hereunder for a period of not less than an aggregate of three (3) months during any six (6) consecutive months. 
 Good Reason shall mean (1) the assignment, without the Executive s consent, to the Executive of duties that are significantly different from, and that result in a diminution of, the duties that he assumed on the Effective Date or the imposition of a requirement that Executive report to any person other than the Board and/or the Chief Executive Officer; (2) the assignment, without the Executive s consent to the Executive of a title that is different from and subordinate to the title Chief Executive of the Company, provided, however, for the absence of doubt following a Change of Control, should the Executive cease to retain either the title or responsibilities assumed on the Effective Date, or Executive is required to serve in a diminished capacity or lesser title in a division or unit of another entity (including the acquiring entity), such event shall constitute Good Reason regardless of the title of Executive in such acquiring company, division or unit; (3) material breach by the Company of this Agreement; and (4) the relocation of Executive s regular office to a location that is more than twenty-five (25) miles from Executive s current office. 
 8. Confidential Information. 

(a) Disclosure of Confidential Information. The Executive recognizes, acknowledges and agrees that he has had and will continue to have access to secret and confidential information regarding the Company, its subsidiaries and their respective businesses Confidential Information ), including but not limited to, its products, methods, formulas, software code, patents, sources of supply, customer dealings, data, know-how, trade secrets and business plans, provided Confidential Information shall not include information and know how that was known to Executive prior to his employment hereunder, is in or does hereafter become part of the public domain, or becomes known to others through no fault of the Executive. The Executive acknowledges that such Confidential Information is of great value to the Company, is the sole property of the Company, and has been and will be acquired by him in confidence. In consideration of the obligations undertaken by the Company herein, the Executive will not, at any time, during or after his employment hereunder, reveal. divulge or make known to any person, any Confidential information acquired by the Executive during the course of his employment, which is treated as confidential by the Company, and not otherwise in the public domain. The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. 

(b) The Company acknowledges that notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive, through his extensive experience and contacts in the industry is already in possession of significant information and know how regarding the Company, its products and the industry within which it operates. Nothing herein shall be deemed to restrict Executive, during the term hereof or thereafter, from disclosing or using any such information. 

(c) In the event that the Executive s employment with the Company terminates for any reason, the Executive shall deliver forthwith to the Company any and all originals and copies, including those in electronic or digital formats, of Confidential Information; provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to retain (i) papers and other materials of a personal nature, including, but not limited to, photographs, correspondence, personal diaries, calendars and rolodexes, personal files and phone books, (ii) information showing his compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, (iii) information that he reasonably believes may be needed for tax purposes and (iv) copies of plans, programs and agreements relating to his employment, or termination thereof, with the Company. 

4 
 
 9. Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of two (2) years following termination of this Agreement (the Separation Period ): 

(a) The Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Confidential Information that the Executive has already received and will receive is valuable to the Company and that its protection and maintenance constitutes a legitimate business interest of the Company, to be protected by the non-competition restrictions set forth herein. The Executive agrees and acknowledges that the non-competition restrictions set forth herein are reasonable and necessary and do not impose undue hardship or burdens on the Executive. The Executive also acknowledges that the products and services developed or provided by the Company, its affiliates and/or its clients or customers are or are intended to be sold, provided, licensed and/or distributed to customers and clients primarily in and throughout the United States (the Territory (to the extent the Company comes to operate, either directly or through the engagement of a distributor or joint or co-venturer, or sell a significant amount of its products and services to customers located, in areas other than the United States during the term of the Term, the definition of Territory shall be automatically expanded to cover such other areas), and that the Territory, scope of prohibited competition, and time duration set forth in the non-competition restrictions set forth below are reasonable and necessary to maintain the value of the Confidential Information of, and to protect the goodwill and other legitimate business interests of, the Company, its affiliates and/or its clients or customers. The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. 

(b) The Executive hereby agrees and covenants that he shall not, during the Term and any Separation Period, without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, in any capacity whatsoever, including, without limitation, as an employee, employer, consultant, principal, partner, shareholder, officer, director or any other individual or representative capacity (other than (i) as a holder of less than five percent (5 of the outstanding securities of a Company whose shares are traded on any national securities exchange or (ii) as a limited partner, passive minority interest holder in a venture capital fund, private equity fund or similar investment entity which holds or may hold an equity or equity-linked security position in portfolio companies that are directly competitive with the Company s products or services; provided however, that the Executive shall be precluded from serving as an operating partner, general partner, manager or governing board designee with respect to such portfolio companies), or whether on the Executive s own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity or otherwise howsoever, during the Term and the Separation Period and thereafter to the extent described below, within the Territory: 

(i) Engage, own, manage, operate, control, be employed by, consult for, participate in, or be connected in any manner with the ownership, management operation or control of any business in direct competition with the business of the Company; 

(ii) Recruit, solicit or hire, or attempt to recruit, solicit or hire, any employee, or independent contractor of the Company to leave the employment (or independent contractor relationship) thereof, whether or not any such employee or independent contractor is party to an employment agreement, for the purpose of directly competing with the business of the Company; 

(iii) Attempt in any manner to solicit or accept from any customer of the Company, with whom Executive had significant contact during Executive s employment by the Company (whether under this Agreement or otherwise), business of the kind or competitive with the business done by the Company with such customer or to persuade or attempt to persuade any such customer to cease to do business or to reduce the amount of business which such customer has customarily done or might do with the Company, or if any such customer elects to move its business to a person other than the Company, provide any services of the kind or competitive with the business of the Company for such customer, or have any discussions regarding any such service with such customer, on behalf of such other person; or 

(iv) Interfere with any relationship, contractual or otherwise, between the Company and any other party, including, without limitation, any supplier, distributor, co-venturer or joint venturer of the Company, for the purpose of soliciting such other party to discontinue or reduce its business with the Company. 

For purposes hereof, a business shall not be deemed to be in competition with the business of the Company, nor shall any products or services be deemed to compete with those of the Company, unless the Company presently produces, sells or distributes or, has, during the Term, plans to produce, sell or distribute, such products or services. 
 5 
 
 With respect to the activities described in Paragraphs (1), (2), (3) and (4) above, the restrictions of this Section 9(b) shall continue during the Term and until termination of the Separation Period following the termination of this Agreement or of the Executive s employment with the Company (including upon expiration of this Agreement), whichever occurs later; provided, however that, in the event this Agreement or Executive s employment is terminated by Executive for Good Reason or is terminated by Company without Cause, then the restrictions contained in Section 9(b) shall continue during the Term, and not beyond. 
 10. Miscellaneous. 

(a) The Executive acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him under the provisions of this Agreement are of a special, unique and extraordinary character and that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services. Furthermore, the parties acknowledge that monetary damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach by the Executive of Section 9 or Section 10 of this Agreement. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that any breach or threatened breach by him of Section 9 or Section 10 of this Agreement shall entitle the Company, in addition to all other legal remedies available to it, to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to seek to enjoin such breach or threatened breach. The parties understand and intend that each restriction agreed to by the Executive hereinabove shall be construed as separable and divisible from every other restriction, that the unenforceability of any restriction shall not limit the enforceability, in whole or in part, of any other restriction, and that one or more or all of such restrictions may be enforced in whole or in part as the circumstances warrant. ln the event that any restriction in this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by law in the jurisdiction in which the Company seeks enforcement thereof, such restriction shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. The remedy of injunctive relief herein set forth shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights or remedies that the Company may have at law or in equity. 

(b) Neither the Executive nor the Company may assign or delegate any of their rights or duties under this Agreement without the express written consent of the other, provided, however, that the Company shall have the right to delegate its obligation of payment of all sums due to the Executive hereunder, provided that such delegation shall not relieve the Company of any of its obligations hereunder. 

(c) During the term of this Agreement, the Company (i) shall indemnify and hold harmless Executive and his heirs and representatives as provided under the Company s certificate of incorporation, bylaws and indemnification agreement and (ii) shall cover Executive under the Company s directors and officers liability insurance on the same basis as it covers other senior executive officers and directors of the Company. 

(d) This Agreement constitutes and embodies the full and complete understanding and agreement of the parties will respect to the Executive s employment by the Company, supersedes all prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between the Executive and the Company, and shall not be amended, modified or changed except by an instrument in writing executed by the party to be charged (it being understood that, pursuant to Section 7, the Plan and relevant option agreements shall govern with respect to the subject matter thereof). The invalidity or partial invalidity of one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not invalidate any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver by either party of any provision or condition to be performed shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for as long as DPW beneficially owns no less than twenty percent (20 of the Common Stock, no amendment to this Agreement shall be made absent DPW s prior written consent, which consent may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion. 

(e) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and enforceable against, the parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs, beneficiaries and permitted assigns. The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

(f) All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered, sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by reputable national overnight delivery service (e.g. Federal Express) for overnight delivery to the party at the address set forth in the preamble to this Agreement, or to such other address as either party may hereafter give the other party notice of in accordance with the provisions hereof. Notices shall be deemed given on the sooner of the date actually received or the third business day after deposited in the mail or one business day after deposited with an overnight delivery service for overnight delivery. 

6 
 
 (g) Choice of Law, Jurisdiction and Venue . The corporate laws of the State of New York shall govern all issues concerning this Agreement. All other questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting the New York, New York, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waive, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction, EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

(h) This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one of the same instrument. The parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above. 

(i) The Executive represents and warrants to the Company, that he has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform his obligations hereunder and that the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of his obligations hereunder will not conflict with any agreement to which Executive is a party. The Company represents and warrants to Executive that it has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and that the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder will not conflict with any agreement to which the Company is a party. 

[Signature page follows] 
 7 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive and the Company have caused this Executive Employment Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written. 

GRESHAM WORLDWIDE, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeffrey A. Bentz 

Name: 
 
 Jeffrey A. Bentz 

Title: 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

EXECUTIVE 

By: 

Name: 
 
 Jonathan Read 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

DPW HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Milton C. Ault, III 

Name: 
 
 Milton C. Ault, III 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive and the Company have caused this Executive Employment Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written. 

GRESHAM WORLDWIDE, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 
 Jeffrey A. Bentz 

Title: 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

EXECUTIVE 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jonathan Read 

Name: 
 
 Jonathan Read 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

DPW HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Milton C. Ault, III 

Name: 
 
 Milton C. Ault, III 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

8 
 
 Appendix A 
 CLAWBACK POLICY FOR RESTATEMENTS 
 In the event that DPW Holdings, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries (including its subsidiaries, the Corporation is required under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP to prepare an accounting restatement to correct an accounting error on an interim or annual financial statement included in a report on Form l0-Q or 10-K, due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the federal security laws, the Board shall determine whether the restatement was caused by the knowing misconduct of the CEO, CFO or other Section 16 Officer: 
 (a) If the Board determines that knowing misconduct by any member of the Board, the CEO, the CFO or any other Section 16 officer has occurred and caused such restatement, it shall take the steps necessary to secure reimbursement from his/her: 

(i) any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation received by the responsible officer or director from the Corporation during the 9-month period following the first public issuance or filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (whichever occurs first) of the financial document embodying such error; and 

(ii) any net profits realized by the responsible officer or director from the sale of DPW securities during that 9-month period; and 

(b) If the Board determines that the restatement was due to something other than misconduct, then the Board must recoup any excess incentive- or performance-bascd compensation paid to executive officers based on overstated performance of the Corporation in order to ensure proper alignment of compensation with actual performance and long-term value creation. The Board's determination and bases therefor must be recorded in the Board resolutions or minutes; 

(c) The Board shall disclose in the Corporation's proxy statement the results of its investigation into the reasons for the restatement and the amount of incentive compensation recouped, if any, on the basis of the investigation; 

(d) This provision does not purport to limit Section 304 of the Sarbancs-Oxley Act of 2002 (the SOX in any way, but any monies recovered under this provision shall be deemed by the Corporation to have been recovered under Section 304 of SOX; and 

(e) All current employment agreements and contracts relating to compensation of the Corporation's officers and directors shall be modified to reflect this policy. 

9 

</EX-10.51>

<EX-10.52>
 17
 giga-ex10_52.htm
 EX-10.52

EX-10.52 

Exhibit 10.52 
 
 EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of this 24th day of June 2021, but effective as of April 1, 2021 Effective Date ), by and between Gresham Worldwide, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Ault Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation AGH ), with an address of 7690 East Camelback Road, #511, Scottsdale, AZ 85251(the C ompany and Timothy V. Long, an individual (the Executive ). 
 
 WITNESSETH: 
 
 WHEREAS the Company wishes to employ Executive as its Chief Operating Officer and Executive wishes to be employed with the Company in such capacity. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the respective covenants and agreements of the parties contained in this Agreement, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Employment and Duties . The Company agrees to employ and Executive agrees to serve as the Company's Chief Operating Officer. The rights, duties and responsibilities of Executive shall include providing executive leadership of all operations, compliance, internal controls, business development , marketing and communications functions to promote sustainable growth of the Company, working closely with management of the operating subsidiaries, the Chief Executive Officer and the executive team of the Company to build a cohesive organization that operates with an efficient, consistent approach to addressable markets and the investor community, and such other duties and responsibilities as are consistent with Executive s position. Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board . 

Executive shall devote sufficient working time and efforts during the Company's normal business hours to the business and aff a irs of the Company and its subsidiaries to diligently and faithfully perform the duties and responsibilities duly assigned to him pursuant to this Agreement. Executive shall perform his duties consistent with the State of Delaware s duty of care and duty of loyalty standards. Executive shall be permitted to carry on additional act i vities provided that none of the additional activities interferes with the performance of the duties and responsibilities of Executive or are determined to be inconsistent with the position , s t anding, stature, reputation or best interests of the Company; nothing in this Section 1 , shall prohibit Executive from (a) serving as a director or member of a committee of entities that do not, in the reasonable good faith determination of the Board , compete with the Company or otherwise create, or could create, in the reasonable good faith determination of the Board , a conflict of interest with the business of the Company; (b) delivering lectures, fulfilling speaking engagements, and a ny writing or publication relating to his area of expertise ; (c) serving as a director or trustee of any governmental, charitable or educational organization; or (d) engaging in other activities in connection with personal and/or business investments and community affairs. 
 
 2. Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue through March 31, 2024 (the Term unless earlier terminated by either party providing the other party with written notice of his or its intention to terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days notice. 

3. Place of Employment. Executive s services may , but need not , be performed at the Company's offices at the address in the first paragr a ph above. The Executive may from time to time perform his duties to the Co mpany at another location or locations, at the discretion of Executive. The parties acknowledge, however , that E xecutive may be required to travel in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder. 

4. Base Salary. For all services to be rendered by Ex ecutive pursuant to this Agreement, the Co mpany agrees to pay Executive during the Term a base salary at an annual rate of 250,000 (the Base Salary ). In addition, the Base Salary as then in effect shall be subject to such further upward a djustments as shall b e determined by the Board in its s o le discretion. The Base Salary shall be paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company's regular payroll practices. 

1 
 
 5. Performance Bonus; Stock Options . 

(a) Performance Bonus . 

(i) In the event that the Company achieves annual revenue of no less than 25,000,000, the Company shall pay to Executive a performance bonus for each such year based on the Company s net income, as calculated under GAAP, at the end of each calendar year during the Term (the Net Income Bonus , in accordance with the following schedule: 

Bonus 

Net Income (1) 
 
 of Base Salary 
 
 US dollars 

5 - 7 
 
 20.00 
 
 50,000 

> 7 - 8 
 
 35.00 
 
 87,500 

> 8 - 10 
 
 50.00 
 
 125,000 

> 10 
 
 100.00 
 
 250,000 

1 Subject to Executive s prior written approval, specific performance criteria are subject to modification at the sole discretion of the Board and , for as long as AGH beneficially owns no less than Thirty Percent (30 of the equity securities of the Company, the Chief Executive Officer of AGH. Notwithstanding this provision, Executive acknowledges that future acquisitions by the Company, if any, shall result in an adjustment to the Performance Bonus milestones set forth in this Section 5 (a)(i). 
 
 (ii) In the event that the Company achieves annual gross margins of no less than 35 , the Company shall pay to Executive a performance bonus for each calendar year during the Term that the Company s annual revenue, as calculated under GAAP, achieves certain predetermined levels set by the Board (the Annual Revenue Bonus , collectively with the Net Income Bonus, the Performance Bonus . During the initial year ending on December 31, 2021, the Annual Revenue Bonus shall be paid in accordance with the following schedule/milestones. The Board, in its sole discretion, may increase or decrease the revenue milestones in the Annual Revenue Bonus during the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2023, based upon its assessment of the Company s prior year results and current economic conditions. 

Bonus 

Annual Revenues 
 
 of Base Salary 
 
 US dollars 

26,000,000 
 to 
 26,500,000 
 
 10.00 
 
 25,000 

26,500,001 
 to 
 27,000,000 
 
 15.00 
 
 37,500 

27,000,001 
 to 
 27,500,000 
 
 20.00 
 
 50,000 

27,500,001 
 to 
 28,000,000 
 
 25.00 
 
 62,500 

28,000,001 
 to 
 28,500,000 
 
 30.00 
 
 75,000 

28,500,001 
 to 
 29,000,000 
 
 35.00 
 
 87,500 

29,000,001 
 to 
 29,500,000 
 
 40.00 
 
 100,000 

29,500,001 
 to 
 30,000,000 
 
 50.00 
 
 125,000 

(iii) The determination of whether the Company has achieved a certain level of Net Income or Revenue in any year for the purposes of this section shall be made by the independent registered public accounting firm regularly retained or employed by the Company (the Firm within ninety (90) days after the end of each calendar year. The Firm s determination shall be conclusive for the Company and Executive. Solely with respect to the calculation of the Performance Bonus pursuant to this Section 5 (a), the Firm shall exclude from the calculation of Net Income those costs attributed to interest and dividends payable by the Company and/or its subsidiaries to Ault Global Holdings, Inc. Ault Global ), realized and unrealized gains/(losses) from marketable securities, foreign currency adjustments and include all reasonable and mutually agreed upon costs that Ault Global paid or incurred and allocated to the Company. 

(iv) The Performance Bonus shall be payable in cash or, if the Company s common stock (the Common Stock is listed or traded on any national exchange or market, in the sole discretion of the Company s Board, unrestricted shares of Common Stock. 

(v) The Performance Bonus shall be due and payable to Executive within thirty (30) days the Firm shall 

2 
 
 have made its determination. 

(vi) During the Term of this Agreement, the minimum Performance Bonus shall be 25,000 regardless of whether or not the Performance Bonus milestones set forth herein have been met. 

(b) Stock Options . Within fifteen days of execution of this Agreement, the Company shall establish a stock incentive plan (the Plan permitting the Company to issue no more than twenty percent (20 of its number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding (the Plan Shares ), and 

(i) The Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Plan and be awarded stock options thereunder (the Options to purchase no more than twenty percent (20 of the Plan Shares. 

(ii) All Options held by the Executive shall provide for a three-year vesting schedule from the date of this Agreement; provided, however, 50 of Executive s option grant shall be vested immediately. 

(iii) Notwithstanding the preceding clause (ii), (A) the Options shall become immediately exercisable as to 100 of the Plan Shares not otherwise vested upon any termination of Executive s employment for Good Reason and such period shall continue for a period of twelve (12) months after such termination, (B) the Options shall become immediately exercisable as to 100 of the Plan Shares not otherwise vested upon any termination of Executive s employment upon a Change of Control or for death or Disability and such period shall continue for a period of ninety (90) days after such termination and (C) in the event that Executive is terminated for Cause, all unexercised Options, whether or not vested, shall immediately be rendered null and void. 

(c) The Board in its sole discretion may award a supplemental grant of stock options to Executive. 

(d) All bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation provided to the Executive shall be subject to the Company s Clawback Policy for Restatements, which is appended hereto as Appendix A . 

6. Expenses. E xecutive shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement by the Company for all reasonable and necessary travel, entertainment , and other expenses incurred by Executive while employed (in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company for its executive officers) in the performance of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement; provided, that Executive shall properly account for such expenses in accordance with Company policies and procedures . Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Company s policies and procedures to the contrary , Company shall reimburse Executive for the cost of his cellular phone and internet services . 

7. Benefits. 

(a) Benefit Plans . Duri n g the term of this Agreement, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in incentive , stock purchase , savings , retirement, and welfare benefit plans, including , without limitation , health, m edical, dental, vision, life (includ i ng accidental death and dismemberment) and disability insurance plans collectively , Benefit Plans ), in the same manner and at the same levels as the Company makes such o pportunities available to the Company's managerial or salaried executive employees. In the event that any waiting periods or other eligibility requirements are imposed prior to Executive becoming eli g ible for any of such Benefit P lans, then the Company shall reimburse Executive for the cost(s) incurred by Executive in maintaining his current benefit plans during any such waiting or eligibility periods . 

(b) Vacation . The Executive s hall be entitled to 4 weeks of vacation (in addition to the usual national holidays) during each contra c t year during which he serves hereunder. Such vacation shall be taken at such time or times as will be mutually agreed between the Executive and the Company . Vacation not taken during a calendar year may be carried forward , with a maximum accrual of 8 weeks. 

(c) Auto Allowance . The Company will provide Executive with a monthly car allowance of 1,000. 

(d) Severance Compensatio n. Upon termination of Executive's employment : (i) Executive shall be entitled to receive any earned but unpaid Base Salary through the termination date ; (ii) Executive shall be entitled to receive any 

3 
 
 and all reasonable exp e nses paid or incurred by the Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date, and (iii) Executive shall be entitled to receive any accrued but unused vacation time through the termination date. Further , unless the Executive's employment is terminated as a result of his death or Disability or for Cause or Executive terminates his employment without Good Reason , then upon the termination o f E xecutive's employment (other than upon the expiration of the Term), the Company shall pay to Executive a severance payment as follows : (1) the Company shall pay Executive an amount equal to six (6) months of Executive's Base Salary (as in effect immediately prior to the termination date) , and (2); a prorated Bonus amount calculated in accordance with Executive s Performance Bonus criteria set forth in Section 5(a) and the actual number of days Executive worked in the calendar year prior to the termination date . All severance payments pursuant to this Section 7(d)(1) and 7(d)(2) shall be payable in accordance with standard bonus payment practices of the Company. 

For purposes of this Agreeme n t , the following terms shall have the m e anings s et forth below : 
 
 Cause shall mean the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform substantially his duties and responsibilities for the Company (other than any such failure resulting from Executive s death or Disability) after a written demand by the Board for substantial performance is delivered to the Executive by the Company, which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board believes that the Executive has not substantially performed his duties and responsibilitie s, which willful and continued failure is not cured by the Executive within thirty (30) days of his receipt of such written demand; (b) the conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo c ontend e re to, a felony , or (c) fraud , dishonesty or g ross misconduct which is materially and demonstratively injurious to the Company. 
 
 Change of Control shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (i) the accumulation (if over time, in any consecutive twelve (12) month period), whether directly, indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of 50.1 or more of the shares of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company, whether by merger, consolidation, sale or other transfer of shares of Common Stock (other than a merger or consolidation where the stockholders of the Company prior to the merger or consolidation are the holders of a majority of the voting securities of the entity that survives such merger or consolidation), (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or (iii) if AGH beneficially owns less than Thirty Percent (30 of the equity securities of the Company, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Executive, during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months, the individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the 12-month period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided , howeve r, that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control for the purposes of this Agreement: (A) any acquisitions of Common Stock or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into Common Stock directly from the Company or from any affiliate of the Company, or (B) any acquisition of Common Stock or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into Common Stock by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored by or maintained by the Company, or (C) any acquisitions of Common Stock or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into Common Stock directly from the Company by, or a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or reorganization with, AGH, or any of its affiliates. 
 
 Disability shall mean a ph y sical or mental disability that prevents the performance by the Executive , with or without reasonable accommodation, of his duties and responsibilities hereunder for a period of not less than an aggregate of three (3) months during any six (6) consecutive months. 
 
 Good Reason shall mean (1) the assignment, without the Executive s consent, to the Executive of duties that are significantly different from, and that result in a diminution of, the duties that he assumed on the Effective Date or the imposition of a requirement that Executive report to any person other than the 
 
 Board and/or the Chief Executive Officer; (2) the assignment, without the Executive s consent, to the Executive of a title that is different from and subordinate to the title Chief Operating Officer of the Company, provided, however, for the absence of doubt following a Change of Control, should the Executive cease to retain either the title or responsibilities assumed on the Effective Date, or Executive is required to serve in a diminished capacity or lesser title in a division or unit of another entity (including the acquiring entity), such event shall constitute Good Reason 
 4 
 
 regardless of the title of Executive in such acquiring company, division or unit; (3) material breach by the Company of this Agreement; and (4) the relocation of Executive s regular office to a location that is more than twenty-five (25) miles from Executive s current office. 
 
 8. Confidential Information . 

(a) Disclosure of Confidential Informatio n. The Executive recognizes, acknowledges and agrees that he has had and will continue to have access to secret and confidential information regarding the Company, its s u bsidiaries and their respective businesses Confidential Information ), including but not limited to, its products, methods, formulas, software code, patents, sources of supply, customer dealings, data, know-how, trade secrets and business plans, provided Confidential Information shall not include information and know how that was known to Executive prior to his employment hereunder, is in or does hereafter become part of the public domain, or becomes known to others through no fault of the Executive. The Executive acknowledges that such Confidential Information is of great value to the Company, is the sole property of the Company, and has been and will be acquired by him in confidence. In consideration of the obligations undertaken by the Company herein, the Executive will not, at any time, during or after his employment hereunder, reveal, divulge or make known to any person, any Confidential information acquired by the Executive during the course of his employment, which is treated as confidential by the Company, and not otherwise in the public domain. The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. 

(b) The Company acknowledges that notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive, through his extensive experience and contacts in the industry is already in possession of significant information and know how regarding the Company, its products and the industry within which it operates. Nothing herein shall be deemed to restrict Executive, during the term hereof or thereafter, from disclosing or using any such information. 

(c) In the event that the Executive s employment with the Company terminates for any reason, the Executive shall deliver forthwith to the Company any and all originals and copies, including those in electronic or digital formats, of Confidential Information; provided, however, that Executive shall be entitled to retain (i) papers and other materials of a personal nature, including, but not limited to, photographs, correspondence, personal diaries, calendars and rolodexes, personal files and phone books, 

(ii) information showing his compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, (iii) information that he reasonably believes may be needed for tax purposes and (iv) copies of plans, programs and agreements relating to his employment, or termination thereof, with the Company. 
 
 9. Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year following termination of this Agreement (the Separation Period ): 

(a) The Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Confidential Information that the Executive has already received and will receive is valuable to the Company and that its protection and maintenance constitutes a legitimate business interest of the Company, to be protected by the non-competition restrictions set forth herein. The Executive agrees and acknowledges that the non-competition restrictions set forth herein are reasonable and necessary and do not impose undue hardship or burdens on the Executive. The Executive also acknowledges that the products and services developed or provided by the Company, its affiliates and/or its clients or customers are or are intended to be sold, provided, licensed and/or distributed to customers and clients primarily in and throughout the United States (the Territory (to the extent the Company comes to operate, either directly or through the engagement of a distributor or joint or co-venturer, or sell a significant amount of its products and services to customers located , in areas other than the United States during the Term, the definition of Territory shall automatically expand to cover such other areas) , and that the Territory, scope of prohibited competition, and time duration set forth in the non-competition restrictions set forth below are reasonable and necessary to maintain the value of the Confidential Information of , and to protect the goodwill and other legitimate business interests of, the Company , its affiliates and / or its clients or customers. The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination of the Executive s employment hereunder. 

(b) The Executive hereby agrees and covenants that he shall not, during the Term and any Separation Period , without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly , in any capacity whatsoever, including, without limitation , as an employee , employer, consultant, principal , partner , shareholder, officer, director or any other 

5 
 
 individual or representative capacity (other than (i) as a holder of less than five percent (5 of the outstanding securities of a Company whose shares are traded on any national securities exchange or (ii) as a limited partner , passive minority interest holder in a venture capital fund , private equity fund or similar investment entity which holds or may hold an equity or equity-linked security position in portfolio companies that are directly competitive with the Company s products or services; provided however , tha t the Exec utive shall be precluded from serving as an operating partner, general partner, manager or governing board designee with respect to such portfolio compani es), or whether on the Executive's own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity or otherwise howsoever, during the Term and the Separation Period and thereafter to the extent described below, within the Territory : 

(i) Engage, own, manage, operate, control, be employed by, consult for, participate in , or be connected in any manner with the ownership, management, operation or control of any business in direct competition with the business of the Company; 

(ii) Recruit , so lic it or hire, or attempt to recruit, solicit or hire, any employee, or independent contractor of the Company to leave the emplo y ment (or independent contractor relationship) thereof, whether or not any such employee or independent contractor is party to an employment agreement, for th e purpose of directly competing with the busines s of the Company; 

(iii) Attempt in any manner to solicit or accept from any customer of the Company , with whom Executive had significant contact during Executive s employment by the Company (whether under this Agreement or otherwise), busines s of the kind or competitive with the bu sin ess done by the Company with such customer or to persuade or attempt to persuade any such customer to cease to do business or to reduce the amount of business which such customer has customarily done or might do with the Company , or if any such customer elects to move its business to a person other than the Company, provide any services of the kind or competitive with the business of the Company for such customer, or have a ny discussions regarding any such service with such customer, on behalf of such other person; or 

(iv) Interfere with any relationship , contractual or otherwise , between the Company and any other party , including, without limitation , any supplier, distributor , co-venturer or joint venturer of the Company , for the purpose of soliciting such other party to discontinue or reduce its business with the Company. 

For purposes hereof , a business s hall not be deemed to be in competition with the business of the Company, nor shall any products or services be deemed to compete with those of the Company , unless the Company presently produces, sells or distributes or ha s, during the Term , plan s to produc e, sell or distribute, such products or serv ic es. 
 
 With respect to the activities described in Paragraphs (1 ), (2), (3) and (4) above, the restrictions of this Section 9(b) shall continue during the Term a nd u ntil termination of the Separation Period following the termination of this Agreement or of the Executive s employment with the Company (including upon expiration of this Agreement ), whichever occurs later; provided, however that, in the event thi s Agreement or Executive s employment is terminated by Executive for Good Reason or is terminated by Company without Cause, then the restrictions contained in Section 9(b) s hall continue during the Term, and no t beyond. 
 
 10. Miscellaneous . 

(a) The Executive acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him under the provisions of this Agreement are of a special, unique and extraordinary character and that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services. Furthermore, the parties acknowledge that monetary damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach by the Executive of Section 9 or Section 10 of this Agreement. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that any breach or threatened breach by him of Section 9 or Section 10 of this Agreement shall entitle the Company, in addition to all other leg a l remedies available to it, to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to seek to enjoin such breach or threatened breach. The parties understand and intend that each restriction to which Executive agrees hereinabove shall be construed as separable and divisible from every other restriction, that the unenforceability of any restriction shall not limit the enforceability, in whole or in part, of any other restriction, and that one or more or all such restrictions may be enforced in whole or in part as the circumstances warrant. If any restriction i n this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by law in the jurisdiction in which the Company seeks enforcement thereof, such restriction shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. The remedy of injunctive relief herein set forth shall be in 

6 
 
 addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights or remedies that the Company may have at law or in equity . 

(b) Neither the Executive nor the Company may assign or delegate any of their rights or duties under this Agreement without the express wr i tten consent of the other; provided, however, that the Company shall have the r i ght to delegate its obligation of payment of all sums due to the Executive hereunder, provided that such delegation s h all not relieve the Company of any of its obligations hereunder. 

(c) During t he term of this Agreement, the Company (i) shall indemnify and hold harmless Executive and his heirs and representatives as provided under the Company s certificate of incorporation, bylaws and indemnification agreement and (ii) s h all cover Executive under the Company s directors and officers liability insurance on the same basis as it covers other senior executive officers and directors of the Company. 

(d) This Agreement constitutes and embodies the full and complete understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the Executive s employment by the Company, supersedes all prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between the Executive and the Company, and shall not be amended, modified or changed except by an instrument in writing executed by the party to be charged (it being understood that, pursuant to Section 7, the P l an and relevant option agreements shall govern with respect to the subject matter thereof). The invalidity or partial invalidity of one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not invalidate any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver by either party of any provision or condition to be performed shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for as long as DPW beneficially owns no less than twenty percent (20 of the Common Stock, no amendment to this Agreement shall be made absent DPW s prior written consent, which consent may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion. 

(e) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon and enforceable against, the parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs, beneficiaries and permitted assigns. The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

(f) All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered, sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by reputable national overnight delivery service (e.g. Federal Express) for overnight delivery to the party at the address set forth in the preamble to this Agreement, or to such other address as either party may hereafter give the other party notice of in accordance with the provisions hereof. Notices shall be deemed given on the sooner of the date actually received or the third business day after deposited in the mail or one business day after deposited with an overnight delivery service for overnight delivery. 

(g) Choice of Law , Jurisdiction and Venue . The corporate laws of the State of New York shall govern all issues concerning this Agreement. All other questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting the New York, New York, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If any provision of th i s Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

7 

(h) This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall b e deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one of the same instrument. The parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above. 

(i) The Executive represents and warrants to the Company, that he has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform his obligations hereunder and that the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of his obligations hereunder will not conflict with any agreement to which E xecutive is a party. The Company represents and warrants to Executive that it has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and that the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder will not conflict with any agreement to which the Company is a party. 

[Signature page follows] 
 8 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, 	the Executive and the Company have caused this Executive Employment Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written. 

GRESHAM WORLDWIDE, INC. 

By : 
 /s/ Jonathan R. Read 

Name: 
 Jonathan R. Read 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

By: 
 /s/ Timothy V. Long 

Name: 
 Timothy V. Long 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 
 
 AULT GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ William B. Home 

Name: 
 William B. Home 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

9 
 
 Appendix A 
 CLAWBACK POLICY FOR RESTATEMENTS 
 In the event that Ault Global Holdings, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries (including its subsidiaries, the Corporation is required under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP to prepare an accounting restatement to correct an accounting error on an interim or annual financial statement included in a report on Form 10-Q or 10-K, due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the federal security laws, the Board shall determine whether the restatement was caused by the knowing misconduct of the CEO, CFO or other Section 16 Officer: 
 (a) If the Board determines that knowing misconduct by any member of the Board, the CEO, the CFO or any other Section 16 officer has occurred and caused such restatement, it shall take the steps necessary to secure reimbursement from his/her: 

(i) any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation received by the responsible officer or director from the Corporation during the 9-month period following the first public issuance or filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (whichever occurs first) of the financial document embodying such error; and 

(ii) any net profits realized by the responsible officer or director from the sale of DPW securities during that 9-month period; and 

(b) If the Board determines that the restatement was due to something other than misconduct, then the Board must recoup any excess incentive- or performance-based compensation paid to executive officers based on overstated performance of the Corporation in order to ensure proper alignment of compensation with actual performance and long-term value creation. The Board s determination and bases therefor must be recorded in the Board resolutions or minutes; 

(c) The Board shall disclose in the Corporation s proxy statement the results of its investigation into the reasons for the restatement and the amount of incentive compensation recouped, if any, on the basis of the investigation; 

(d) This provision does not purport to limit Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the SOX in any way, but any monies recovered under this provision shall be deemed by the Corporation to have been recovered under Section 304 of SOX; and 

(e) All current employment agreements and contracts relating to compensation of the Corporation s officers and directors shall be modified to reflect this policy. 

10 

</EX-10.52>

<EX-10.53>
 18
 giga-ex10_53.htm
 EX-10.53

EX-10.53 

Exhibit 10.53 
 
 THIS WARRANT HAS BEEN, AND THE WARRANT SHARES OF COMMON STOCK WHICH MAY BE PURCHASED PURSUANT TO THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT (THE WARRANT SHARES WILL BE, ACQUIRED SOLELY FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR FOR RESA LE IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR THE WARRANT SHARES (TOGETHER, THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL THAT SUCH DISPOSITION IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT AND OF ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 ENERTEC SYSTEMS 2001 LTD. 
 COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 
 December 31, 2020 
 THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received, Zvika Avni, with an address at Zamir Street 3, Karmi'EI, Israel (the Holder ), is entitled to subscribe for and purchase, at any time or times on or after December 31, 2020 (the Issuance Date ),from Enertec Systems 2001 Ltd., an Israeli company with an address at 8 21653 HaNapach St., Karmiel, Israel (the Company ), Twenty-Seven Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty-Nine (27,889) shares (the Warrant Shares of the fully paid and nonassessable common stock, par value 1.00 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), at an exercise price per share of 0.01 (the Exercise Price ). As of the date of this Warrant, the authorized share capital of the Company is 287,700 shares of Common Stock, of which 251,000 shares of Common Stock are issued and outstanding. This Warrant is subject to the following terms and conditions: 
 
 1. TERM. This Warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, at any time (i) commencing on the Issuance Date (the Initial Exercise Date and (ii) prior to the expiration of ten (10) years following the date of this Warrant. 

2. METHOD OF EXERCISE; PAYMENT. 

A. Exercise. The purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder, in whole or in part, from time to time at the principal office of the Company, by delivering a completed and duly executed Notice of Exercise (attached hereto as Exhibit A and by the payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price, which amount may be paid, at the election of the Holder, by wire transfer or check payable to the order of the Company. The person or persons in whose name(s) any certificate(s) representing Warrant Shares shall be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to have become the holder(s) of record of, and shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder(s) of, the Warrant Shares represented thereby (and such Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued) immediately prior to the close of business on the date or dates upon which this Warrant is exercised, with the Holder having all rights as a record holder including, but not limited to, all voting rights. 

B. Stock Certificates. In the event of any exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant, certificates for the Warrant Shares of Common Stock so purchased shall be delivered to the Holder within seven (7) business days after said exercise and, unless this Warrant has been fully exercised or has expired, a new Warrant representing the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant shall not have been exercised shall also be issued to the Holder within such time provided a copy of any other Warrant issued to the Holder is delivered to the Company prior to the issuance of a new Warrant. If the Company fails to deliver the Warrant Shares of Common Stock so purchased to the Holder pursuant to this Paragraph B of this Article 2 of this Warrant, the Company shall pay the Holder an additional amount of one hundred dollars 100) per calendar day for each late day of delivery. The Company acknowledges that it would be extremely difficult or impracticable to determine the Holder's actual damages and costs resulting from the delay in providing an opinion or approval for said sale of securities and the inclusion herein of any such additional amounts are the agreed upon liquidated damages representing a reasonable estimate of those damages and costs and do not constitute a penalty. 

C. Cooperation. The Company shall provide to the Holder all information requested and fully cooperate with the Holder with respect to the exercise of this Warrant. 

3. STOCK FULLY PAID; RESERVATION OF WARRANT SHARES. All of the Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance and receipt of the Exercise Price thereof, be fully paid and nonassessable, and free from all preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or first offer, taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof. During the period within which the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised, the Company shall at all times have authorized and reserved for issuance sufficient Warrant Shares of its Common Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant. 

4. ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES. Subject to the provisions of Article 1 hereof, the number and kind of Warrant Shares purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant and the Exercise Price thereof shall be subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of certain events, as follows: 

A. Stock Dividends and Spli ts. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of such shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of such shares or (iv) issues by reclassification any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision , combination or re classification. 

B. Fundamental Transaction. If,at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares thereof for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50 or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which 

2 
 
 the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4(B) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Warrant Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. 

C. Calculations. All calculations under this Section 4 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 4, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 

D. Notice to Holder. 

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price . Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 4, the Company shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption , rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K or issue a press release disclosing such material non-public information. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

3 
 
 5. FRACTIONAL WARRANT SHARES. The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares of Common Stock or other capital stock of the Company upon the exercise of this Warrant. lf any fraction of a share of Common Stock would be issuable on the exercise of this Warrant (or specified portions thereof), the Company shall round up the number of such shares to the nearest whole. 

6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. The Company represents and warrants to the Holder as follows: 

A. This Warrant has been duly authorized and executed by the Company and is a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable with its terms; 

B. The Warrant Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by the Company and, when issued in accordance with the terms hereof, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable; and 

C. The execution and delivery of this Warrant are not, and the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms hereof will not be, inconsistent with the Company's Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, as amended. 

7. RIGHT OF EXCHANGE UPON AN INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING. Ault Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation Ault Global or the Parent Company shall have the ability to cause the Company and Ault Global's wholly owned subsidiary, Gresham Worldwide, Inc. GWW ), to have the Warrant exchanged for a new warrant to acquire a proportionate interest in GWW at any time subsequent to a successful completion of an initial public offering of GWW's common equity (the New Warrant ). So, for example, if the Company constituted 50 of the Fair Value of GWW, the New Warrant would be exercisable for 5 of GWW. 

For purposes of this Article 7, Fair Value shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 Fair Value lf GWW or the Company's common stock is then traded or quoted on a nationally recognized securities exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or over-the-counter market (a Trading Market ), the Fair Value of GWW and the Company shall be determined based upon the closing price or last sale price of a share of GWW or the Company's common stock reported for the Trading Day immediately before the date the Warrant is exchanged for a New Warrant. If GWW or the Company's common stock is not traded in a Trading Market, the Board of Directors of Ault Global shall determine the Fair Value in its reasonable good faith judgment , provided , however, that if the Holder disagrees with the Board of Directors' evaluation, the Fair Value shall be determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder reasonably acceptable to Ault Global, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. The determination of Fair Value shall take into consideration the relative values of each company, such as net assets (total assets less total liabilities), net income, EBITDA or some combination of these indicators. 
 8. RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS. No holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, as a warrant holder, to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of Common Stock or any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof for any purpose, nor shall anything contained herein be construed to confer upon the Holder of this Warrant, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether upon any recapitalization , issuance of stock, reclassification of stock, change of par value, consolidation , merger, conveyance, or otherwise) or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive dividends or subscription rights or otherwise until this Warrant shall have been exercised and the Warrant Shares purchasable upon the exercise hereof shall have become deliverable, as provided herein. 

4 
 
 9. REGISTRATION. 

A. If the Company shall at any time seek to register or qualify any of its Common Stock or the securities holdings of any of its controlling shareholders, on each such occasion it shall, without cost or expense, include all of the Holder's Warrant Shares in such registration or qualification. The Company shall keep the registration statement effective until such time as the Holder has sold its Warrant Shares or the Warrant Shares are eligible to be transferred without restriction pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144 which was promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 4(1) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Rule 144 ). The Company agrees to provide an opinion of counsel with respect to any sales of the Warrant Shares by the Holder if such sale is permissible under Rule 144. 

B. All expenses in connection with preparing and filing any registration statement under Paragraph A of this Article 9 of this Warrant shall be borne in full by the Company; provided , however, that the Holder shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and expenses and the fees and expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holder to represent it with respect to the sale of the Securities. 

10. OPINIONS. The Company shall, at its cost, provide the appropriate opinion letters to be issued by the Company's counsel in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144 with respect to the transfer or sale of the Warrant Shares, if such transfer or sale is permissible under Rule 144. Furthermore, the Company shall notify counsel designated by the Holder that it is authorized to issue said opinion letters. If the Company fails to timely provide or approve legal opinions and deliver stock certificates pursuant to this Article 10 of this Warrant within three (3) business days after the exercise of this Warrant, the Company agrees to pay the Holder an additional amount of one hundred dollars 100) per day for each day that said opinions or approvals or delivery of stock certificates are delayed. The Company acknowledges that it would be extremely difficult or impracticable to determine the Holder's actual damages and costs resulting from the delay in providing opinions or approvals for said sale(s) of securities and the inclusion herein of any such additional amounts are the agreed upon liquidated damages representing a reasonable estimate of those damages and costs and do not constitute a penalty. 

11. IRREVOCABLE WARRANT. The Company acknowledges and agrees that this Warrant has been duly authorized by all necessary action by its Board of Directors, and has been irrevocably issued. Accordingly, the Company further agrees that it shall not challenge or take any action with respect to the validity of this Warrant on any basis and agrees to reimburse the Holder for all legal fees and costs incurred by the Holder with respect to any challenge to the validity of this Warrant by the Company. 

12. MISCELLANEOUS. 

A. Headings. Headings contained in this Warrant are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Warrant. 

B. Enforceability. If any provision which is contained in this Warrant should, for any reason, be held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the laws of any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Warrant and this Warrant shall be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable provision had not been contained herein. 

5 
 
 C. Notices. Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be sufficiently given if sent by (i) mail by (a) certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested and (b) first class mail, postage prepaid (ii) overnight delivery with confirmation of delivery or (iii) electronic transmission with an original mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid , addressed as follows: 

To the Holder: 
 Zvika Avni 

Zamir Street 3 

Karmi'El, Israel 

Email: zvi@enertec.co.il 

To the Company: 
 Enertec Systems 2001 Ltd. 

821653 HaNapach St 

Karmiel, Israel 

Attn: Nissim Ovadia, CFO 

Email: nissim@enertec.co.il 

With a copy to: 
 Ault Global Holdings, Inc. 

201 Shipyard Way 

Newport Beach, California, 92663 

Attn : William B. Horne, CEO 

Email: will@aultglobal.com 

or in each case to such other address and facsimile number as shall have last been furnished by like notice. If all of the methods of notice set forth in this Paragraph C of this Article 12 of this Warrant are impossible for any reason, notice shall be in writing and personally delivered to the aforesaid addresses. Each notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given as of the date so mailed or delivered as the case may be; provided, however, that any notice sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given as of the date so sent if a copy thereof is also mailed by first class mail on the date sent by facsimile. If the date of mailing is not the same as the date of sending by facsimile, then the date of mailing by first class mail shall be deemed to be the date upon which notice is given; provided further, however, that any notice sent by overnight delivery shall be deemed to have been given as of the date of delivery. 
 D. Governing Law. This Warrant shall in all respects be construed, governed, applied and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law. The parties hereby consent to and irrevocably and exclusively submit to personal jurisdiction over each of them by the Courts of the State of New York in any action or proceeding, irrevocably waive trial by jury and personal service of any and all process and specifically consent that in any such action or proceeding, any service of process may be effectuated upon any of them by certified mail, return receipt requested, in accordance with Paragraph C of this Article 12 of this Warrant. 

E. Dispute Resolution. ln the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or Fair Value or an arithmetic calculation (as the case may be), Ault Global or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations (as the case may be) via facsimile (i) within five (5) calendar days after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to Ault Global or the Holder (as the case may be) or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder or Ault Global (as the case may be) learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and Ault Global are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation (as the case may be) of the Exercise Price or Fair Value or an arithmetic calculation (as the case may be) within five (5) calendar days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to Ault Global or the Holder (as the case may be), then Ault Global shall, within two (2) calendar days submit via facsimile (a) the disputed arithmetic calculation, the disputed determination of the Exercise Price or Fair Value (as the case may be) to an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder reasonably acceptable to Ault Global or (b) if acceptable to the Holder, the disputed arithmetic calculation to Ault Global's independent, outside accountant. Ault Global shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant (as the case may be) to perform the determinations or calculations (as the case may be) and notify Ault Global and the Holder of the results no later than fifteen (15) calendar days from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations (as the case may be). Such investment bank's or accountant's determination or calculation (as the case may be) shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. 

6 
 
 F. Construction. Each of the parties hereto hereby further acknowledges and agrees that this Warrant shall not be construed more strictly against any party responsible for its drafting regardless of any presumption or rule requiring construction against the party whose attorney drafted this agreement. 

G. Entire Warrant. This Warrant and all documents and instruments referred to herein (i) constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and (ii) are not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder. Each party hereto agrees that, except for the representations and warranties contained in this Warrant, neither party makes any other representations or warranties, and each hereby disclaims any other representations and warranties made by itself or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, financial and legal advisors or other representatives, with respect to the execution and delivery of this Warrant or the transactions contemplated hereby, notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure of any documentation or other information with respect to any one or more of the foregoing. 

H. Third Party Beneficiaries. This Warrant and all documents and instruments referred to herein are not intended to confer upon any person (other than the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns) any legal or equitable right or remedy of any nature whatsoever pursuant to or by reason of this Warrant. 

I. Further Assurances. The parties agree to execute any and all such other further instruments and documents, and to take any and all such further actions which are reasonably required to effectuate this Warrant and the intents and purposes hereof. 

J. Binding Effect. This Warrant shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 

K. Non-Waiver. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no waiver of any covenant, condition, or provision of this Warrant shall be deemed to have been made unless expressly in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver is charged; and (i) the failure of any party to insist in any one or more cases upon the perfomance of any of the provisions, covenants or conditions of this Warrant or to exercise any option herein contained shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment for the future of any such provisions, covenants or conditions, (ii) the acceptance of performance of anything required by this Warrant to be performed with knowledge of the breach or failure of a covenant, condition or provision hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach or failure, and (iii) no waiver by any party of one breach by another party shall be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. 

L. Counterparts. This Warrant may be executed simultaneously in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

M. No Assignment. The parties hereby agree that the obligations under this Warrant shall not be transferred or assigned to any third parties without the prior written consent of each party to this Warrant. 

N. Facsimile Signatures. Any signature which is delivered via facsimile shall be deemed to be an original and have the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original thereof. 

O. Modifications. This Warrant may not be changed, modified, extended, terminated or discharged orally, except by a written agreement specifically referring to this Warrant which is signed by the Holder and the Company. 

P. Severability. The provisions of this Warrant shall be deemed separable. Therefore, if any part of this Warrant is rendered void, invalid or unenforceable, such rendering shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Warrant; provided, however, that if the part or parts which are void, invalid or unenforceable as aforesaid shall substantially impair the value of this whole Warrant to any party, that party may cancel, and terminate this Warrant by giving written notice to the other party. 

7 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be signed by its duly authorized officer. 
 Issued this 31 st day of December, 2020 

THE COMPANY: 

ENERTEC SYSTEMS 2001 LTD. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Nissim Ovadia, CFO 

Nissim Ovadia, CFO 

THE PARENT COMPANY: 

AULT GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ William B. Horne 

William B. Horne, CEO 

Acknowledged and Accepted: 

THE HOLDER: 

Zvika Avni 

By: 
 
 /s/ Zvika Avni 

Zvika Avni, an Individual 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE 
 [To be executed only upon exercise of Warrant] 
 To AULT COMPANY, INC.: 
 The undersigned registered holder of the within Warrant hereby irrevocably exercises the Warrant pursuant to Section 2 of the Warrant with respect to Warrant Shares, at an exercise price per share of 0.0l, and requests that the certificates for such Warrant Shares be issued in the name of, and delivered to: 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that it is, and has been since its acquisition of the Warrant, the record and beneficial owner of the Warrant. 

Dated: 

Print or Type Name 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of holder as specified on the face of Warrant) 

(Street Address) 

(City) 
 (State) 
 (Zip Code) 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.54>
 19
 giga-ex10_54.htm
 EX-10.54

EX-10.54 

Exhibit 10.54 
 CONVERTIBLE TERM NOTE 

1,500,000.00 
 June 29, 2021 (the Issuance Date 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned Microphase Corporation (hereinafter sometimes called the Maker promises to pay, on or before June 30, 2024 (the Maturity Date ), to Gresham Worldwide, Inc., or its assigns (hereinafter called the Lender or the Holder ), at 7960 East Camelback Road, Suite 511, Scottsdale, AZ 85250, or such other address as is designated by the Lender, the sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 1,500,000.00) or any portion then outstanding at the Maturity Date with principal and interest payable as set forth below. 
 This Convertible Term Note (the Note shall accrue interest at the rate of seven percent (7 per annum based on a 360-day year \, payable monthly beginning on January 22, 2022. Upon any failure to pay any required interest or principal (an Event of Default interest shall accrue and be payable at the rate of eighteen percent (18 per annum. 
 Except as expressly provided herein, the Maker waives presentment, demand, notice, protest, and all other demands or notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, endorsement, performance, default, or enforcement of this Note, generally waives all suretyship defenses and defenses in the nature thereof and agrees to be bound by all the terms and conditions contained in this Note, and in all other instruments now or hereafter executed evidencing or governing the obligations of the Maker. 
 The undersigned will pay all costs and expenses of collection, including reasonable attorneys' fees actually incurred or paid by the Lender in enforcing this Note or the obligations hereby evidenced. 
 No delay or omission of the Holder in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver of any such right or remedy. Acceptance by the Lender of any payment after acceleration shall not be deemed a waiver of such acceleration. A waiver on one occasion shall not operate as a bar to or waiver of any such right or remedy on any future occasion. 
 The Lender need not enter payments of principal or interest upon this Note but may maintain a record thereof on a separate ledger maintained by the Lender. 
 In lieu of exercising its remedies to seek payment of this Note upon the Maturity Date or an Event of Default, the lender may convert the sums due under this Note into shares of Common Stock of the Maker at 2.27 per share, subject to adjustment as provided below (the Conversion Price ). 
 If the Maker, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Maker, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Maker) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. The number of shares issuable shall be proportionately and equitably adjusted. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 

In the event the Maker issues or sells any securities including options, warrants or convertible securities, except for any Exempt Issuance (as hereinafter defined), at a price of or with an exercise or conversion price of less than the Conversion Price, then upon such issuance or sale, the Conversion Price shall be reduced to the sale price or the exercise or conversion price of the securities issued or sold. For purposes of this clause, Exempt Issuance shall mean any sale or issuance by the Maker of its Common Stock or securities convertible into, exercisable for or exchangeable for Common Stock in connection with (i) full or partial consideration in connection with a strategic merger, acquisition, consolidation or purchase of the securities or assets of a corporation or other entity (or any division or business unit thereof), (ii) the Maker s issuance of securities in connection with strategic supply, sale or license agreements and other partnering arrangements so long as such issuances are not for the purpose of raising capital, (iii) the Maker s issuance of common stock or the issuances or grants of options, warrants or rights to purchase Common Stock to employees, directors, consultants or other third parties, and (iv) securities issuable upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Note. 
 In addition to the Event of Default provided in this Note, it shall also be an Event of Default under this Note if the Maker fails to pay any sums due under any indebtedness or incurs an event of default or other default under such other indebtedness which event of default or default is not cured within any allowable time to cure. 
 Time is of the essence of this Note. 
 The word Holder as used in this Note, shall mean the payee or endorsee of the Note who is in possession of it or the bearer if this Note is at the time payable to bearer. 
 If any provision of this Note is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to be enforceable, or if such modification is not practicable, such provision shall be deemed deleted from this Note, and the other provisions of this Note shall remain in full force and effect and shall be construed in favor of Holder. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, it is the express intention of Maker and Holder to conform strictly to any applicable usury laws. Accordingly, all agreements between Maker and Holder, whether now existing or hereafter arising, and whether written or oral, are hereby expressly limited so that in no contingency or event whatsoever, whether by reason of acceleration of the maturity of this Note or otherwise, shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to Lender or the Holder of this Note for the use, forbearance or detention of the money loaned pursuant hereto or otherwise, or for the payment or performance of any covenant or obligation contained herein or in any other document executed in connection herewith, exceed the maximum amount permissible under applicable law. If, from any circumstance or contingency whatsoever, fulfillment of any provision hereof or of any other document executed in connection herewith, at the time performance of such provision shall be due, shall involve transcending the limit of validity prescribed by law, then, ipso facto, the obligation to be fulfilled shall be reduced to the limit of such validity, and if from any such circumstance or contingency Holder shall ever receive as interest or otherwise an amount which would exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted by applicable law, the amount of such excess shall be applied to a reduction of the indebtedness evidenced by this Note, and not to the payment of interest, and if such excessive interest exceeds such indebtedness, the amount of such excessive interest shall be refunded to Maker. If at any time this Note prescribes a rate of interest in excess of the maximum rate permitted by law, all sums paid or agreed to be paid to Holder for the use, forbearance or detention of the money loaned pursuant to this Note shall be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full term of such indebtedness until payment in full, so that the actual rate of interest on account of such indebtedness is uniform throughout the term hereof. 
 2 
 
 THE MAKER WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY THE UNDERSIGNED MAY HAVE IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING, IN LAW OR EQUITY, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE. THE MAKER AND LENDER HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE. THE MAKER HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR AGENT OF THE LENDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT LENDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL PROVISION. THE MAKER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT LENDER HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO LENDER'S LENDING RELATIONSHIP WITH THE MAKER BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH. 
 This Note shall be governed by and construed solely and exclusively in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. The parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably agree that any suit or proceeding arising directly and/or indirectly pursuant to or under this Note shall be brought solely in a federal or state court located in the County and State of New York. By its execution hereof, in the case of Maker, or acceptance, in the case of Lender, the parties hereby covenant and irrevocably submit to the in personam jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the County and State of New York and agree that any process in any such action may be served upon any of them personally, or by certified mail or registered mail upon them or their agent, return receipt requested, with the same full force and effect as if personally served upon them in New York City. The parties hereto expressly and irrevocably waive any claim that any such jurisdiction is not a convenient forum for any such suit or proceeding and any defense or lack of in personam jurisdiction with respect thereto. In the event of any such action or proceeding, the party prevailing therein shall be entitled to payment from the other party hereto of all its reasonable counsel fees and disbursements. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Maker has duly executed this Note as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above written. 

GRESHAM WORLDWIDE, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jonathan R. Read 

Jonathan Read (Oct 27,2021 13:48 PDT) 

Name: 
 
 Jonathan R. Read 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

MICROPHASE CORPORATION 

By: 
 
 /s/ Timothy V. Long 

Timothy V Long (Oct 27,2021 16:32 EDT) 

Name: 
 
 Timothy V. Long 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

3 
 
 Microphase GWW Convertible Note Final - 6-29-21 

Final Audit Report 
 
 2021-10-27 

Created: 
 2021-10-27 

By: 
 Timothy Long (tim@dpwtechnology.com) 

Status: 
 Signed 

Transaction ID: 
 CBJCHBCAABAA9jfR2WzXWov82ueGRFaqt8dJ5z6q3AXG 

Microphase GWW Convertible Note Final - 6-29-21 History 

Document created by Timothy Long (tim@dpwtechnology.com) 2021-10-27 - 8:09:43 PM GMT- IP address: 96.89.222.138 

Document emailed to Timothy V Long (tlong@greshamworldwide.com) for signature 2021-10-27 - 8:10:26 PM GMT 

Email viewed by Timothy V Long (tlong@greshamworldwide.com) 2021-10-27 - 8:11:07 PM GMT- IP address: 96.89.222.138 

Document e-signed by Timothy V Long (tlong@greshamworldwide.com) Signature Date: 2021-10-27 - 8:32:38 PM GMT - Time Source: server- IP address: 96.89.222.138 

Document emailed to Jonathan Read (jread@greshamww.com) for signature 2021-10-27 - 8:32:40 PM GMT 

Email viewed by Jonathan Read (jread@greshamww.com) 2021-10-27 - 8:47:24 PM GMT- IP address: 24.255.49.87 

Document e-signed by Jonathan Read (jread@greshamww.com) Signature Date: 2021-10-27 - 8:48:28 PM GMT - Time Source: server- IP address: 24.255.49.87 

Agreement completed. 2021-10-27 - 8:48:28 PM GMT 

</EX-10.54>

<EX-10.55>
 20
 giga-ex10_55.htm
 EX-10.55

EX-10.55 

Exhibit 10.55 
 NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 
 
 MICROPHASE CORPORATION 
 W ARRANT T O P URCHASE C OMMON S TOCK 
 Date of Issuance: June 29, 2021 Issuance Date 
 
 MICROPHASE CORPORATION , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Gresham Worldwide, Inc., the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder ), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, upon exercise of this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (the Warrant ), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, but not after 11:59 p.m., New York time, on June 30, 2024 (the Expiration Date ), 330,396 fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares ). 
 
 1. EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a) Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder on any day on or after the Issuance Date, in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via e-mail, facsimile or otherwise) of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. Within one (1) Business Day following an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price in cash or via wire transfer of immediately available funds. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant after delivery of the Warrant Shares in 

accordance with the terms hereof. On or before the fifth (5th) Business Day following the date on which the Company has received an Exercise Notice from the Holder, the Company shall issue and deliver to the Holder or, at the Holder s instruction pursuant to the Exercise Notice, the Holder s agent or designee, in each case, sent by reputable overnight courier to the address as specified in the applicable Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee (as indicated in the applicable Exercise Notice), for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise. Upon delivery of an Exercise Notice, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares (as the case may be). If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise pursuant to this Section 1(a) and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then, at the request of the Holder, the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. The Company shall pay any and all taxes and fees which may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant. 

(b) Exercise Price . For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means 2.27 , subject to adjustment as provided herein. 

2. ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES . The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 2. 

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits . Without limiting any provision of Section 2 if the Company, at any time on or after the date of this Warrant, (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event. 

2 

(c) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 2 shall be made by rounding to the nearest one-hundred thousandth of a cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common Stock. 

(c) Lower Priced Issuances. In the event the Company issues or sells any securities including options, warrants or convertible securities, except for any Exempt Issuance (as hereinafter defined), at a price of or with an exercise or conversion price of less than the Exercise Price, then upon such issuance or sale, the Exercise Price shall be reduced to the sale price or the exercise or conversion price of the securities issued or sold. For purposes of this clause, Exempt Issuance shall mean any sale or issuance by the Company of its Common Stock or securities convertible into, exercisable for or exchangeable for Common Stock in connection with (i) full or partial consideration in connection with a strategic merger, acquisition, consolidation or purchase of the securities or assets of a corporation or other entity (or any division or business unit thereof), (ii) the Company s issuance of securities in connection with strategic supply, sale or license agreements and other partnering arrangements so long as such issuances are not for the purpose of raising capital, (iii) the Company s issuance of common stock or the issuances or grants of options to purchase Common Stock to employees, directors, and consultants, and (iv) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of Issuance Date. 

3. NONCIRCUMVENTION . The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, so long as any of the Warrants are outstanding, take all action necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the exercise of the Warrants, 100 of the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the exercise of the Warrants then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

4. WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior 

3 
 
 to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. Notwithstanding this Section 5, the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the same notices and other information given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the stockholders. 

5. REISSUANCE OF WARRANTS . 

(a) Transfer of Warrant . Subject to Section 12 hereof, if this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d) hereof), registered as the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d) hereof) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred. 

(b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d) hereof) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant. 

(c) Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants . This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 5(d) hereof) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, no warrants for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be given. 

(d) Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 5(a) or Section 5(c) hereof, the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant. 

4 
 
 6. NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, facsimile or email, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) immediately upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment(s) and (ii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock. 

7. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, no waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party. 

8. SEVERABILITY . If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s). 

9. GOVERNING LAW . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any 

5 
 
 jurisdictions other than the State of New York. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, County of New York, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Company s obligations to the Holder or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

10. CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS . This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Warrant. 

11. REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATION, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF . The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, exercises and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Company s compliance with the terms and conditions of this Warrant (including, without limitation, compliance with Section 2 hereof). The issuance of shares and certificates for shares as contemplated hereby upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf. 

6 
 
 12. RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER; LEGENDS . 

(a) Registration or Exemption Required . This Warrant has been issued in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and exempt from state registration or qualification under applicable state laws. The Holder acknowledges that the Holder has been advised by the Company that this Warrant and the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof have not been registered under the Securities Act. Neither this Warrant nor the Warrant Shares may be pledged, transferred, sold or assigned except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state laws. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not be registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer (i) that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, will furnish to the Company such documentation as reasonably requested to enable the Company to obtain an opinion of counsel to the effect that such transfer may be made without registration under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, (ii) that the holder or transferee execute and deliver to the Company an investment letter in form and substance acceptable to the Company and (iii) that the transferee be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. 

(b) Representation of Holder . The Holder represents and warrants that the Holder has acquired this Warrant and will acquire the Warrant Shares for the Holder s own account for investment and not with a view to the sale or distribution thereof or the granting of any participation therein, and that the holder has no present intention of distributing or selling to others any of such interest or granting any participation therein. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant and Warrant Shares must be held indefinitely unless a subsequent disposition thereof is registered under the Securities Act or registered or qualified under any applicable state securities or blue-sky laws or is exempt from registration or qualification. The Holder has no need for liquidity in its investment in the Company and is able to bear the economic risk of such investment for an indefinite period and to afford a complete loss thereof. The Holder is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 (the provisions of which are known to the Holder) promulgated under the Securities Act. 

(c) Restrictive Legend . The Holder understands that until such time as the Warrant Shares have been registered under the Securities Act, or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, this Warrant and the Warrant Shares, as applicable, shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the form set forth on the cover page of this Warrant (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such securities). 

(d) Disposition of Warrant or Warrant Shares . With respect to any offer, sale or other disposition of this Warrant or any Warrant Shares prior to registration of such Warrant Shares, the Holder agrees to give written notice to the Company prior thereto, describing briefly the manner thereof, together with evidence, reasonably satisfactory to the Company (which shall include such 

7 
 
 representation of the transferee regarding investment intent as the Company may request), to the effect that such offer, sale or other disposition may be effected without registration or qualification (under the Securities Act as then in effect or any federal or state securities law then in effect) of this Warrant or such Warrant Shares and indicating whether or not under the Securities Act certificates for this Warrant or Warrant Shares to be sold or otherwise disposed of require any restrictive legend as to applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance with such law. Upon receiving such written notice and reasonably satisfactory evidence, the Company, as promptly as practicable but no later than seven (7) days after receipt of the written notice, shall notify the Holder that the Holder may sell or otherwise dispose of this Warrant or Warrant Shares, all in accordance with the terms of the notice delivered to the Company. If the Company determines that the evidence is not reasonably satisfactory to the Company, the Company shall so notify the Holder promptly with details thereof after such determination has been made. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Warrant Shares may be offered, sold or otherwise disposed of in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the applicable statutory resale restrictions imposed by state securities laws, provided that the Company shall have been furnished with such information as the Company may reasonably request to provide a reasonable assurance that the provisions of Rule 144 and the applicable resale restrictions imposed by state securities laws have been satisfied. Each certificate representing this Warrant or the Warrant Shares thus transferred shall bear a legend as to the applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance with such laws, unless pursuant to an opinion of counsel for the Holder, such legend is not required in order to ensure compliance with such laws. The Company may issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent in connection with such restrictions. 

13. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed. 

(b) Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof. 

[ signature page follows ] 
 8 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

COMPANY : 

MICROPHASE CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/Timothy V. Long 

Name: 
 Timothy V. Long 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

HOLDER : 

GRESHAM WORLDWIDE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/Jonathan Read 

Name: 
 Jonathan Read 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 EXERCISE NOTICE 
 
 TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK 
 
 MICROPHASE CORPORATION 
 
 The undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of Microphase Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the Warrant dated (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 
 
 1. Payment of Exercise Price . The Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant with respect to Warrant Shares. 

2. Delivery of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, to the following address: 

Date: 

, 

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-10.56>
 21
 giga-ex10_56.htm
 EX-10.56

EX-10.56 

Exhibit 10.56 
 Execution Copy 
 STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Purchase Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of the 9 th day of November, 2020 (the Execution Date ), by and among: Tabard Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Purchaser ), Gresham Worldwide, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Guarantor ), solely for the purposes of Article IX and guaranteeing the Earn-out Payments, if any, the Persons listed on Appendix A attached hereto (collectively, the Sellers , and each individually, a Seller ), and Peter Christopher Lappin, in his capacity as the representative of the Sellers (the Sellers Representative ). The Purchaser, the Sellers, and Sellers Representative are each referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 WHEREAS, the Sellers are the legal and beneficial owners of 100 of the issued shares in the capital of Relec Electronics Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws of England and Wales (the Company ); 
 WHEREAS, the Purchaser has proposed to acquire the Company pursuant to a share purchase transaction (the Transaction whereby, pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, all of the Sellers shall sell to the Purchaser (i) 100 of the issued Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the Class A Shares ), (ii) 100 of the issued Class B ordinary shares of the Company (the Class B Shares ), and (iii) 100 of the issued Class D ordinary shares of the Company (the Class D Shares and, collectively with the Class A Shares and Class B Shares, the Shares ), for their pro rata portion (in accordance with the Seller s respective percentage ownership of the Company as set forth opposite such Seller s name on Appendix A of the Purchase Price (as defined herein); 
 WHEREAS, a portion of the Purchase Price payable by the Purchaser to the Seller shall be placed in escrow by the Purchaser, the release of which shall be contingent upon certain events and conditions, all as set forth in this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement (as defined herein); and 
 WHEREAS, the obligation of the Parties to effect the contemplated Transactions are subject to the conditions set forth in Article VI hereof. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants, representations and warranties contained herein, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
 ARTICLE I 
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 As used in this Agreement, including any documents appended hereto as an Exhibit, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Article I: 
 Accounting Principles means Financial Reporting Standard 102, the Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland issued pursuant to section 464 of the Companies Act 2006 by the Financial Reporting Council at or prior to the Closing and GAAP, as defined, after the Closing for the purposes of the Earn-out Payments. 
 Action means any claim, action, cause of action, demand, lawsuit, arbitration, audit, notice of violation, proceeding, litigation, summons, subpoena, inquiry, or investigation of any nature, civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory, or otherwise, whether at law or in equity. 
 Affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person which, directly or indirectly, alone or together with other Persons, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with such Person. 
 Audited Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a) of this Agreement. 
 Balance Sheet has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a) of this Agreement. 
 Balance Sheet Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a) of this Agreement. 
 Business means the business carried on by the Company as of the Execution Date, namely distributors of power conversion and display products, or any part of it. 
 Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks located in London, England are authorized or required by Law to be closed for business. 
 CA 2006 means the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006. Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4 of this Agreement. 
 
 - 1 - 
 
 Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4 of this Agreement. 
 Closing Date Payment means the aggregate amount of 3,000,000 less the Deposit, as defined, plus the Estimated Cash. 
 Closing Working Capital means (a) the Current Assets of the Company other than the Company Cash less (b) the Current Liabilities of the Company determined as of the open/close of business on the Closing Date. 
 Closing Working Capital Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b)(i) of this Agreement. 
 Company Cash means, with respect to the Company, the aggregate amount of all unrestricted (i) cash on hand, (ii) cash standing to the credit of any account with a bank or other financial institution and (iii) cash equivalents, in each case to which the Company is beneficially entitled as of the last Business Day prior to the Closing Date including the cash to be loaned to the Purchaser and paid to Clarke Willmott LLP pursuant to Section 2.2(e), calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles set forth on Section 4.6. 
 Company Charter Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4 of this Agreement. 
 Company Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a) of this Agreement. 
 Company Intellectual Property means all Intellectual Property that is owned by the Company. 
 Confidential Information for purposes of this Agreement shall include, but not be limited to: trade secrets under applicable statutes and the common law, and proprietary information, which may include, without limitation, ideas, concepts, samples, techniques, sketches, drawings, works of authorship, models, inventions, know-how, finances, facilities, development plans, processes, apparatuses, equipment, algorithms, software programs, software source documents, and formulae related to the current, future and proposed products and services of each of the Company, and its respective information concerning research, experimental work, development, design details and specifications, engineering, historical and forecasted financial information, accounting software and systems, procurement requirements, purchasing, manufacturing, customer lists, investors, employees including employee email and telephone numbers, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, sales and merchandising, marketing plans, and information regarding third parties, (whether transferred orally, in writing, visually, electronically or by any other means) furnished (whether before or after the Execution Date or the Closing Date hereof) by the Company or the Sellers or their respective Representatives to the Purchaser , and all analyses, compilations, forecasts, studies or other documents prepared by the Company or the Sellers, or their respective Representatives in connection with the review of, or interest in, the Transaction which contain or reflect any such information. The term Confidential Information will not, however, include information which (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by the Purchaser or its Representatives or by a third party which reached a duty, (ii) is or becomes available to the Company on a non-confidential basis from a source (other than the disclosing Party or its Representatives) which, is not prohibited from disclosing such Confidential Information to the Purchaser by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation, and the Purchaser has no reason to believe that such source may be restricted from making such disclosure, (iii) is independently developed by the Purchaser without use of the Confidential Information as demonstrated by written or documented evidence, or (iv) was known by the Purchaser prior to disclosure to it by the Company, the Sellers or their Representatives. 
 Contract means any contract, mortgage, lease, sublease, loan note, debenture, bond, deed of trust, license, sublicense, purchase order, sales order, undertaking, joint venture, commitment, arrangement, instrument, or other agreement, commitment and legally binding arrangement, whether oral or written, formal or informal. 
 Control , controlled by and under common control with, as and with respect to any Person, means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person. 
 COVID-19 means the disease known as coronavirus or COVID-19. 
 COVID-19 Measures means any quarantine, shelter in place , stay at home , workforce reduction, social distancing, shut down, closure, sequester or any other Law, order, or directive by any Governmental Authority in any country where the Company does business or sells its products and services in connection with or in response to COVID-19. 
 Current Assets means the cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventory and prepaid expenses, but excluding (a) the portion of any prepaid expense of which the Purchaser will not receive the benefit during the initial 12 months following the Closing; and (b) deferred Tax assets, determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles (as applicable) applied using the same accounting methods, practices, principles, policies and procedures, with consistent classifications, judgments and valuation and estimation methodologies that were used in the preparation of the Audited Financial Statements for the most recent fiscal year end as if such accounts were being prepared and audited as of a fiscal year end. 
 
 - 2 - 
 
 Current Liabilities means accounts payable, accrued Taxes and accrued expenses, deferred Tax liabilities and the current portion of long term debt, determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles (as applicable) applied using the same accounting methods, practices, principles, policies and procedures, with consistent classifications, judgments and valuation and estimation methodologies that were used in the preparation of the Audited Financial Statements for the most recent fiscal year end as if such accounts were being prepared and audited as of a fiscal year end. 
 Deposit has the meaning contained in Section 2.2(e). 
 Directors means all of the directors of the Company listed in Schedule 4.25 . 
 Directors Loans Amount means the aggregate amount of 202,800 drawn by the Sellers as directors loans prior to the date of this agreement but repaid prior to the Closing Date. 
 Disputed Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(c)(iii) of this Agreement. 
 Duly Organized means the Company has been organized in accordance with all applicable laws of England and Wales and following its organization it appointed officers and directors in accordance with its Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association. 
 Earn-out Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 1 of Exhibit A . 
 Employment Agreements means the JAS Employment Agreement, JMS Employment Agreement and PCL Employment Agreement. 
 Encumbrance means any mortgage, pledge, lien (statutory or otherwise), charge, community property interest, encumbrance, lease, security interest, license, restriction, easement, encroachment, right of way, right of first refusal, condition, covenant, claim, exception, option, equitable interest, right, other interest or other restriction of any kind or nature including any restriction on use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership (whether absolute, accrued, disputed, contingent or otherwise). 
 Environmental Claim means any Action, Governmental Order, lien, fine, penalty, or, as to each, any settlement or judgment arising therefrom, by or from any Person alleging liability of whatever kind or nature (including liability or responsibility for the costs of enforcement proceedings, investigations, cleanup, governmental response, removal or remediation, natural resources damages, property damages, personal injuries, medical monitoring, penalties, contribution, indemnification and injunctive relief) arising out of, based on or resulting from: (a) the presence, Release of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials; or (b) any actual or alleged non-compliance with any Environmental Law or term or condition of any Environmental Permit. 
 Environmental Law means any applicable Law in England and Wales, and any UK Governmental Order or binding agreement with any UK Governmental Authority: (a) relating to pollution (or the cleanup thereof) or the protection of natural resources, endangered or threatened species, human health or safety, or the environment (including ambient air, soil, surface water or groundwater, or subsurface strata); or (b) concerning the presence of, exposure to, or the management, manufacture, use, containment, storage, recycling, reclamation, reuse, treatment, generation, discharge, transportation, processing, production, disposal or remediation of any Hazardous Materials. 
 Environmental Notice means any written directive, notice of violation or infraction, or notice respecting any Environmental Claim relating to actual or alleged non-compliance with any Environmental Law or any term or condition of any Environmental Permit. 
 Environmental Permit means any Permit, letter, clearance, consent, waiver, closure, exemption, decision or other action required under or issued, granted, given, authorized by or made pursuant to Environmental Law. 
 Escrow Agent means Trethowans LLP. 
 Escrow Agreement means the Escrow Agreement subject to English law to be entered into by the Purchaser, the Seller and the Escrow Agent at the Closing, substantially in the form of Exhibit B . 
 Estimated Cash means 2,600,000. 
 Excess has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement. 
 Excess Cash means the amount by which the Company Cash exceeds the Estimated Cash. 
 Execution Date means the date of this Agreement. 
 
 - 3 - 
 
 Ex-Im Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 4.28 of this Agreement. 
 Fraud means an intentional common law fraud (and not a constructive fraud, negligent misrepresentation or omission, or any form of fraud premised on negligence). For avoidance of doubt, Fraud includes reckless conduct. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as promulgated by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Financial Accounting Standards Board or any successor institutes concerning the treatment of any accounting matter. 
 Good and Marketable Title means title to the Shares that a bona fide purchaser for value without notice of any adverse claim (or a protected purchaser under Section 8-303 of the Delaware Uniform Commercial Code) would receive. For avoidance of doubt, Good and Marketable Title is superior in right as to any Person with adverse claims even in the event of fraud. 
 Governmental Authority means any United Kingdom and/or foreign federal, state, local or other governmental authority of any kind or nature, including any department, subdivision, commission, board, bureau, regulatory agency, agency or instrumentality thereof, any arbitrator, court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction, and any administrative agency, and any comparable body performing any governmental functions. 
 Governmental Order means any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, determination or award entered by or with any Governmental Authority. 
 Guarantor means Gresham Worldwide, Inc. 
 Hazardous Materials means: (a) any material, substance, chemical, waste, product, derivative, compound, mixture, solid, liquid, mineral or gas, in each case, whether naturally occurring or manmade, that is hazardous, acutely hazardous, toxic, or words of similar import or regulatory effect under Environmental Laws; and (b) any petroleum or petroleum-derived products, radon, radioactive materials or wastes, asbestos in any form, lead or lead-containing materials, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, and polychlorinated biphenyls. 
 Holdback Amount or Escrow Fund means the sum of 400,000. 
 Indebtedness means, without duplication and with respect to the Company, all (a) indebtedness for borrowed money; (b) obligations for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than Current Liabilities taken into account in the calculation of Closing Working Capital), (c) long or short- term obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments; (d) obligations under any interest rate, currency swap or other hedging agreement or arrangement; (e) capital and operating lease obligations; (f) reimbursement obligations under any letter of credit, banker s acceptance or similar credit transactions; (g) guarantees made by the Company on behalf of any third party in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in the foregoing clauses (a) through (f); and (h) any unpaid interest, prepayment penalties, premiums, costs and fees that would arise or become due as a result of the prepayment of any of the obligations referred to in the foregoing clauses (a) through (g). 
 Indemnitee means the Party or other Person seeking indemnification or damages pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Insurance Policies has the meaning set forth in Section 4.18 of this Agreement. 
 Intellectual Property means all intellectual property rights and assets, and all rights, interests and protections that are associated with, similar to, or required for the exercise of, any of the foregoing, however arising, pursuant to the Laws of any jurisdiction throughout the world, whether registered or unregistered, including any and all: (a) trademarks, service marks, trade names, brand names, logos, trade dress, design rights and other similar designations of source, sponsorship, association or origin, together with the goodwill connected with the use of and symbolized by, and all registrations, applications and renewals for, any of the foregoing; (b) internet domain names, whether or not trademarks, registered in any top-level domain by any authorized private registrar or Governmental Authority, web addresses, web pages, websites and related content, accounts with Twitter, Facebook and other social media companies and the content found thereon and related thereto, and URLs; (c) works of authorship, expressions, designs and design registrations, whether or not copyrightable, including copyrights, author, performer, moral and neighboring rights, and all registrations, applications for registration and renewals of such copyrights; (d) inventions, discoveries, trade secrets, business and technical information and know-how, databases, data collections and other confidential and proprietary information and all rights therein; (e) patents (including all reissues, divisionals, provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part, re-examinations, renewals, substitutions and extensions thereof), patent applications, and other patent rights and any other Governmental Authority-issued indicia of invention ownership (including inventor s certificates, petty patents and patent utility models); and (f) software and firmware, including data files, source code, object code, application programming interfaces, architecture, files, records, schematics, computerized databases and other related specifications and documentation. 
 Independent Accountant has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(c)(iii) of this Agreement. 
 
 - 4 - 
 
 Interim Balance Sheet has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a) of this Agreement. 
 Interim Balance Sheet Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a) of this Agreement. 
 Interim Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a) of this Agreement. 
 JAS Employment Agreement means the employment agreement subject to English law, in agreed form, to be entered into between the Company and John Alfred Stone at Closing, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C . 
 JMS Employment Agreement means the employment agreement subject to English law, in agreed form, to be entered into between the Company and Jonathan Mark Smith at Closing, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D . 
 Law means, as to any Person, any domestic or foreign law, statute, regulation, rule, policy, guideline or ordinance applicable to the businesses of the Parties, the contemplated Transactions and/or the Parties, including the Laws of the United States of America or any jurisdiction therein, England and Wales, and the European Union, the Company Charter Documents, the Memorandum of Associations and Articles of Association, and any statute, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, guideline, constitution, treaty, common law, judicial decision, determination, order (including any injunction, judgment, writ, award or decree), constitution, treaty, common law, or Consent of any Governmental Authority in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person, including the conduct of its business, or any of its assets or revenues or to which such Person or any of its assets or revenues are subject. 
 Lease Agreements refers to the Real Estate leases listed on Appendix B to this Agreement and annexed as Exhibit E to this Agreement. 
 Liabilities means any liabilities, commitments or other obligations of any kind or nature whatsoever, accrued, fixed, absolute, contingent or otherwise, accrued or unaccrued, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, choate or inchoate, determined, determinable or non-determinable, due or to become due, known or unknown, matured or unmatured or otherwise. 
 Losses means any and all Liabilities, losses, Actions, damages, deficiencies, assessments, judgments, fines, penalties, reasonable costs (including remediation, renewal or response costs, and costs of investigation), and reasonable expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred in the enforcement of the obligations under this Agreement), provided, that in no event shall the Sellers be liable under this Agreement to the Purchaser for any indirect, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages or any multiple of damages or diminution in value, or limitation of any Tax attribute, business interruption, cost of capital, or loss of business reputation or opportunity. 
 Marcum has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(c)(iii) of this Agreement. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects, or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company. 
 Material Contracts has the meaning set forth in Section 4.13(a) of this Agreement. 
 Material Customers has the meaning set forth in Section 4.9(a) of this Agreement. 
 Material Suppliers has the meaning set forth in Section 4.9(b) of this Agreement. 
 Officers means all of the officers of the Company listed in Schedule 4.25 . 
 PCL Employment Agreement means the employment agreement, subject to English law, in agreed form, to be entered into between the Company and Peter Christopher Lappin at Closing, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F. 
 Permits means all permits, licenses, certifications, accreditations, franchises, approvals, consents, authorizations, registrations, certificates, grants, directives, guidelines, policies, requirements, concessions, variances, exemptions, identification numbers, and similar rights obtained, or required to be obtained, from any Governmental Authority (including with respect to COVID-19 Measures). 
 Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, association, Governmental Authority or any other entity. 
 Personal Data means: (a) information that can be used to identify an individual either alone or when combined with other personal or identifying information that is linked or linkable to a specific individual, and (b) any other information covered by any applicable data privacy or security Law, each in connection with the operation of the Business. 
 Personnel has the meaning set forth in Section 4.14(a) of this Agreement. 
 
 - 5 - 
 
 Post-Closing Adjustment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement. 
 Privacy Policies means all published privacy policies and internal privacy policies and guidelines maintained or published by the Company or privacy policies required by applicable Laws. 
 Purchase Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement. 
 Purchaser has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
 Purchaser Indemnified Parties means the Purchaser and any Affiliates. 
 Real Property means the real property owned, leased or subleased by the Company, together with all buildings, structures and facilities located thereon as listed in Appendix B . 
 Release means any actual or threatened release, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, abandonment, disposing or allowing to escape or migrate into or through the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air (indoor or outdoor), surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata or within any building, structure, facility or fixture). 
 Representative means, with respect to any Person, any and all equity holders, members, partners, managers, directors, officers, employees, consultants, financial advisors, counsel, accountants and other agents of such Person. 
 Required Disclosure has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(a)(i) of this Agreement. 
 Resolution Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b)(ii) of this Agreement. 
 Review Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b)(i) of this Agreement. 
 Restrictive Period has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(e)(ii) of this Agreement. 
 Restrictive Territory has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(e)(ii) of this Agreement. 
 Sanctioned Country has the meaning set forth in Section 4.28 of this Agreement. 
 Sanctions Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 4.28 of this Agreement. 
 Sanctioned Person has the meaning set forth in Section 4.28 of this Agreement. 
 Settlement Agreements means the settlement agreements, in agreed form, to be entered into between the Company and each of the Sellers at the Closing. 
 Seller Indemnified Parties means the Sellers and their respective Affiliates. 
 Sellers Representative has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
 Shares means, at any applicable point in time, all of the issued shares in the capital of the Company, which consist of Class A Shares, Class B Shares, and Class D Shares. 
 Shortfall has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement. 
 Statement of Objections has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b)(ii) of this Agreement. 
 Target Closing Working Capital means 950,000. 
 Transactions means the purchase of the Shares, and all other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Employment Agreements, the Settlement Agreements, the Escrow Agreement and each other document or instrument deliverable by a party at the Closing. 
 Tax Return means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, information return or statement or other document relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof. 
 Taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign and other income, gross receipts, sales, use, value added production, ad valorem, 
 
 - 6 - 
 
 transfer, franchise, registration, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment, estimated, excise, severance, environmental, stamp, occupation, premium, property (real or personal), real property gains, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, additions or penalties with respect thereto and any related penalties, charges, interest and other additions thereto imposed by a Governmental Authority, whether imposed in the United Kingdom, the United States or elsewhere in the world. 
 Termination Fee means 378,931.41. 
 To the knowledge of the Sellers (and reasonably similar terms) means to the best of the knowledge and belief of the Sellers, after due inquiry of each Seller and the Directors of the Company. 
 Undisputed Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b)(iii) of this Agreement. Union has the meaning set forth in Section 4.14(b) of this Agreement. 
 U.S Legal Fees Payment means an amount of 10,000 in United States currency in respect of the Sellers U.S legal fees. 
 Warranty Claim means a claim for breach of any representation or warranty of the Sellers set forth in Article IV. 
 ARTICLE II 
 PURCHASE AND SALE 
 
 2.1 Purchase and Sale. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, the Sellers hereby agree to sell, transfer, convey, assign and deliver to the Purchaser, with full title guarantee, and the Purchaser shall acquire and accept from the Sellers, all and not less than all of the Shares (including the Shares respectively held by each Seller, free and clear of all Encumbrances). 

2.2 Purchase Price; Payment of Amounts. 

(a) Purchase Price . The purchase price (the Purchase Price for the Shares shall be sum of 3,000,000; minus the Indebtedness; plus an amount equal to the Company Cash; plus the amount by which the Closing Working Capital exceeds the Target Closing Working Capital, or minus the amount by which the Closing Working Capital is less than the Target Closing Working Capital, all as calculated pursuant to Section 2.3(a); plus the Earn-out Payments, if any, which Earn-out Payments shall be calculated and paid in accordance with Exhibit A . 

(b) Adjustments for Tax Purposes . The parties acknowledge and agree that, for all Tax purposes, the amount of any payment made to the Purchaser (from the Escrow Fund or otherwise) for 

(i) any Warranty Claim or Post-Closing Adjustment shall (to the extent permitted by Law) be treated as a reduction of the Purchase Price and, (ii) any Earn-out Payment made to the Sellers pursuant to Exhibit A shall be treated as an increase of the Purchase Price, unless otherwise required by Law. 
 
 (c) Payment of Amounts . All payments to be made to the Sellers under this agreement shall be made in British pounds sterling, by electronic transfer of immediately available funds to a single account designated by the Sellers Representative (who is irrevocably authorized pursuant to Section 9.9 by each Seller to receive the same) no later than two Business Days prior to the Closing Date. The 

Closing Date Payment and all other payments made by the Purchaser, in respect of the Purchase Price or otherwise, shall be apportioned between the Sellers as set out opposite their respective names in Appendix A . The Purchaser s payment in accordance with this Section 2.2(c) of any amounts payable under this Agreement shall be a good and valid discharge of the Purchaser s obligation to pay the sum in question and the Purchaser shall not be liable to any Seller with respect to the application of the monies so paid. 
 
 (d) Directors Loans Amount. Prior to Closing the Sellers shall repay all amounts outstanding by way of loans to Directors. 

(e) Payment of Purchase Price . The Purchaser has paid the sum of 378,931.41 (the Deposit to Trethowans LLP as a deposit toward payment of the Purchase Price. If the Closing occurs, the Purchaser shall cause Trethowans LLP to pay the Deposit to the Sellers in the proportions set out in Appendix A . Immediately prior to the Closing, the Sellers shall cause the Company to loan an amount equivalent to the Estimated Cash to the Purchaser Closing Loan , such loan shall be evidenced by a promissory note in the form annexed as Exhibit F-1 . The proceeds of the loan shall be deposited with Clarke Willmott LLP (the Sellers solicitors) and at Closing Clarke Willmott LLP shall be authorized to pay such amount to the Sellers. The Parties agree that the making of this Closing Loan shall not be deemed to cause the Sellers to breach any representation or warranty contained in Article IV or result in the Sellers breaching any covenant contained in Article V. If the Closing fails to occur as a result of the failure of the Sellers to meet the conditions of Section 6.1, the Deposit shall be returned to the Purchaser. If the Closing fails to occur for any reason other than as a result of the 

- 7 - 
 
 failure of the Sellers to meet the conditions of Section 6.1, the Deposit shall be paid to the Sellers in the proportions set out in Appendix A and the Purchaser shall immediately instruct Trethowans LLP to make such payment. If Closing fails to occur for any reason the Purchaser shall immediately repay the Closing Loan to the Company and Clarke Willmott LLP shall be authorized to pay the proceeds of the Closing Loan to the Company. 

2.3 Purchase Price Adjustment . 

(a) Post-Closing Adjustment . Within 60 days after the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall prepare and deliver to the Sellers a statement (the Closing Working Capital Statement setting forth its calculation of the Closing Working Capital and Company Cash which statement shall contain an audited balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (without giving effect to the transactions contemplated herein) which audit shall be in accordance with GAAP, a calculation of Closing Working Capital and Company Cash, a reconciliation of the audited balance sheet to a balance sheet prepared using the Accounting Principles used prior to the Closing and a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of the Purchaser that the Closing Working Capital Statement and the reconciled balance sheet were prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles applied using the same accounting methods, practices, principles, policies and procedures, with consistent classifications, judgments and valuation and estimation methodologies that were used in the preparation of the Audited Financial Statements for the most recent fiscal year end as if such Closing Working Capital Statement was being prepared and audited as of a fiscal year end. For the purposes of the Closing Working Capital Statement, payroll costs and invoices for expenses covering a period of time both prior to and after the Closing Date should be allocated based on a time basis during the month, such that payroll costs and expenses relating to the period prior to Closing are borne by the Sellers and payroll costs and expenses relating to the period post Closing are borne by the Purchaser. The post-closing adjustment shall be an amount equal to the Closing Working Capital minus the Target Closing Working Capital plus the Excess Cash, if any (the Post-Closing Adjustment ). If the Post-Closing Adjustment is a positive number (an Excess ), the Purchaser shall pay to the Sellers an amount equal to the Post-Closing Adjustment and if the Post-Closing Adjustment is 

a negative number (a Shortfall ), the Sellers shall pay to the Purchaser an amount equal to the Post- Closing Adjustment. Any payment of a Post-Closing Adjustment (as finally determined in accordance with Section 2.3(b)) shall be paid in accordance with Section 2.3(c). 
 
 (b) Examination and Review . 

(i) Examination . After receipt of the Closing Working Capital Statement, the Sellers Representative shall have 45 days (the Review Period to review the Closing Working Capital Statement. During the Review Period, the Sellers Representative and his accountants shall have full access to the books and records of the Company, the personnel of, and work papers prepared by, the Purchaser and/or its accountants to the extent that they relate to the Closing Working Capital Statement and to such historical financial information (to the extent in the Purchaser s possession) relating to the Closing Working Capital Statement as the Sellers Representative may reasonably request for the purpose of reviewing the Closing Working Capital Statement and to prepare a Statement of Objections (defined below), provided , that such access shall be in a manner that does not interfere with the normal business operations of the Purchaser or the Company. 

(ii) Objection . On or prior to the last day of the Review Period, the Sellers Representative may object to the Closing Working Capital Statement by delivering to the Purchaser a written statement setting forth its objections in reasonable detail, indicating each disputed item or amount and the basis for the Seller s disagreement therewith (the Statement of Objections ). If the Sellers Representative fails to deliver the Statement of Objections before the expiration of the Review Period, the Closing Working Capital Statement and the Post-Closing Adjustment, as the case may be, reflected in the Closing Working Capital Statement shall be deemed to have been accepted by the Sellers Representative. If the Sellers Representative delivers the Statement of Objections before the expiration of the Review Period, the Purchaser and the Sellers Representative shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such objections within 30 days after the delivery of the Statement of Objections (the Resolution Period ), and, if the same are so resolved within the Resolution Period, the Post-Closing Adjustment and the Closing Working Capital Statement with such changes as may have been previously agreed in writing by the Purchaser and the Sellers Representative, shall be final and binding. 

- 8 - 
 
 (iii) Resolution of Disputes . If the Sellers Representative and the Purchaser fail to reach an agreement with respect to all of the matters set forth in the Statement of Objections before expiration of the Resolution Period, then any amounts remaining in dispute Disputed Amounts and any amounts not so disputed, the Undisputed Amounts shall be submitted for resolution to Marcum LLP Marcum or, if Marcum is unable to serve, the Purchaser and the Sellers shall appoint by mutual agreement an impartial independent certified accountant in the UK, who must be employed by a firm registered with the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, agreed upon by the Purchaser and the Sellers Representative (or in the absence of such agreement appointed by the President of the Institute of Chartered Accounts in the UK) (the Independent Accountants who, acting as experts and not arbitrators, shall resolve the Disputed Amounts only and make any adjustments to the Post-Closing Adjustment, as the case may be, and the Closing Working Capital Statement. The Parties hereto agree that all adjustments shall be made without regard to materiality. The Independent Accountants shall only decide the specific items under dispute by the Parties and their decision for each Disputed Amount must be within the range of values assigned to each such item in the Closing Working Capital Statement and the Statement of Objections, respectively. 

(iv) Fees of the Independent Accountants . The fees and expenses of the Independent Accountant shall be paid by the Sellers Representative (on behalf of the Sellers), on the one hand, and by the Purchaser, on the other hand, based upon the percentage that the amount actually contested but not awarded to the Sellers Representative or the Purchaser, respectively, bears to the aggregate amount actually contested by the Sellers Representative and the Purchaser. 

(v) Determination by Independent Accountants . The Independent Accountants shall make a determination as soon as practicable but in any event within 30 days (or such other time as the Sellers Representative and the Purchaser shall agree in writing) after its engagement, and its resolution of the Disputed Amounts and its adjustments to the Closing Working Capital Statement and/or the Post-Closing Adjustment shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties hereto. 

(c) Payment of Post-Closing Adjustment . Any payment of the Post-Closing Adjustment owed by the Sellers to the Purchaser shall be paid by the Escrow Agent pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement from the Holdback Amount; provided , however , the Parties acknowledge and agree that that the Holdback Amount shall not be the sole source of the Purchaser s right to the Post- Closing Adjustment, and that the Sellers shall be liable for any amount of the Shortfall in excess of the Holdback Amount. If the Post-Closing Adjustment is a Shortfall, the Escrow Agent shall, within 10 Business Days after the final determination of the Post-Closing Adjustment distribute the amount of the Post-Closing Adjustment from the Holdback Amount to the Purchaser by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as is directed by the Purchaser. If the Post-Closing Adjustment is an Excess, the Purchaser shall pay the amount of the Post-Closing Adjustment to the Sellers in accordance with Article 2.2(c) within 10 Business Days after the final determination of the Post-Closing Adjustment. The balance of the Holdback Amount remaining after any distribution by the Escrow Agent of the Post- Closing Adjustment shall remain held by the Escrow Agent and subject to the terms of the Escrow Agreement. 

(d) Adjustments for Tax Purposes . Any payments made pursuant to Section 2.3 shall be treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price by the parties for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by Law. 

2.4 Closing; Closing Date. The consummation of the contemplated Transactions (the Closing shall take place remotely, and shall occur on November 20, 2020, or such later date as all Parties shall agree upon in writing (the Closing Date ). 

2.5 Deliveries at Closing . 

(a) Deliveries at Closing by the Sellers . At the Closing, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Sellers shall execute and/or deliver (as applicable), or cause to be executed and/or delivered, to the Purchaser: 

(i) certificates representing all of the Shares, accompanied by duly executed stock transfer forms transferring such Shares to the Purchaser and otherwise in good form for the transfer to the Purchaser of legal ownership of the Shares in accordance with CA 2006, or if any Company Share certificates have been lost or destroyed, an indemnity from such Seller in form and content approved by the Purchaser or its counsel before execution of this Agreement, including a power of attorney coupled with an interest in favor of the Purchaser entitling the Purchaser to exercise all rights, whether voting or otherwise, attaching to such Shares pending registration of share transfers; 

(ii) an irrevocable power of attorney, in agreed form, given by each Seller in favor of the Purchaser (or its nominee) to enable the attorney (or its proxies) to exercise all voting and other rights attaching to the Shares in the period between Closing and registration of the transfer of the Shares in the Company s register of members; 

(iii) a counterpart to the Employment Agreements, duly executed by each respective Seller; 

(iv) the original or a duly certified copy of any power of attorney under which any of the documents to be 

- 9 - 
 
 delivered to the Purchaser under this Section 2.5 have been executed; 

(v) the registers and other records required to be kept by the Company under the CA 2006, in each case properly written up as at the Closing Date, together with the minute books, common seals (if any), certificates of incorporation and any certificates of incorporation on change of name of Company; 

(vi) certificates that as of the Closing Date the representations and warranties contained in Article IV are true and correct in all material respects, except representations and warranties which are qualified by materiality are true and correct in all respects; 

(vii) a letter from Peter Christopher Lappin, in agreed form, confirming that he has ceased to be a registrable person (within the meaning of section 790C of the CA 2006) in relation to the Company; 

(viii) in relation to the Company: (a) statements from each bank at which the Company has an account (the Bank Statements ), giving the balance of each account at the close of business on the last Business Day before the Closing Date; (b) all check books of the Company in current use and written confirmation that no check has been written since the date of the Bank Statements; (c) details of the Company s cash book balances; and (d) reconciliation statements reconciling the Company s cash book balances and the check books with the Bank Statements; 

(ix) a certificate in the form annexed as Exhibit G that all debts and accounts between the Company and the Sellers (or any person connected with or related to a Seller) have been fully paid or otherwise discharged, except for the Directors Loan Amounts which shall be paid as provided by Section 2.2(d); 

(x) a certificate in the form annexed as Exhibit H confirming the release of all guarantees or other security given by the Company in respect of the liabilities or obligations of any Seller or any other third party; 

(xi) evidence that all charges, mortgages, debentures and guarantees to which the Company is a party and, in relation to each such instrument and any covenants connected with it: (a) a discharge or release in agreed form, duly executed by the relevant lender or charge holder; and (b) if applicable, a duly completed and executed Form MR04 (Statement of satisfaction in full or in part of a charge) except in relation to the debenture in favor of HSBC Bank plc dated 29 June 2018; 

(xii) the Escrow Agreement, duly executed by each of the Sellers; 

(xiii) the Settlement Agreements executed by the Company and each of the Sellers; 

(xiv) a certified copy of the signed minutes, in agreed form, of each of the board meetings held by the Company in which the Company shall have authorized and approved the contemplated Transactions and the execution and delivery by the Sellers of this Agreement, any documents necessary to consummate the contemplated Transactions, including the Transaction Documents to which such Seller is a party, and any other documents referred to in this Agreement as being required to be delivered by the Sellers, including each of the following: (a) the registration of the transfers of the Shares to the Purchaser; (b) the acceptance of the Resignation Letters; (c) the appointment of the persons nominated by the Purchaser as directors of the Company; (d) changing the accounting reference date of the Company to 31 December; (e) changing the registered office of the Company to Gresham House, Telford Road, Salisbury, Wiltshire, SP2 7PH; (f) revoking all existing instructions and authorities to the bankers of the Company and replacing them with new instructions and authorities as the Purchaser requires; and (g) the entry by the Company into the Employment Agreements; 

(xv) certificates that the Directors Loan Amounts have been paid; 

(xvi) such other documents as are required by Article VI or as may be reasonably requested by the Purchaser and approved in good faith by the Sellers that are necessary to consummate the contemplated Transactions and the Closing including a letter agreement between the Parties dated the Closing Date as set out in Exhibit I . 

(b) Deliveries at Closing by the Purchaser . At the Closing, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser shall execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered to the Sellers or the Escrow Agent (as applicable): 

(i) the Closing Date Payment by wire transfer designated by each respective Seller; 

(ii) the U.S Legal Fees Payment to the Sellers; 

- 10 - 
 
 (iii) the Holdback Amount to the Escrow Agent by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Escrow Agent as set forth in the Escrow Agreement, to be held for the purpose of securing all or part of the payment and indemnification obligations of the Sellers set forth in this in this Agreement; 

(iv) a duly executed counterpart of the Escrow Agreement; 

(v) a duly executed counterpart of the Employment Agreements; 

(vi) an executed promissory note payable to the Company in the form annexed as Exhibit F-1; 

(vii) a certified copy of the resolutions, in form and substance satisfactory to theSellers, adopted by the board of directors of the Purchaser and the Guarantor authorizing the contemplated Transactions and the execution and delivery, by the officers specified in the resolution, of this Agreement, any documents necessary to consummate the contemplated Transactions, including the Transaction 

Documents to which the Purchaser is a party, and any other documents referred to in this Agreement as being required to be delivered by the Purchaser; and 
 
 (viii) such other documents or instruments as may be reasonably requested by the Sellers and approved in good faith by the Purchaser that are necessary to consummate the contemplated Transactions and the Closing including a letter agreement between the Parties dated the Closing Date as set out in Exhibit I. 

ARTICLE III 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER 
 
 The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Sellers that the following statements contained in this Article III are true and correct as of the Execution Date and will be true and correct on the Closing Date: 
 
 3.1 Organization and Authority of the Purchaser and the Guarantor . Each of the Purchaser and the Guarantor is a corporation Duly Organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. Each of the Purchaser and the Guarantor has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which each of the Purchaser and the Guarantor is a party, conduct its business as presently conducted by it and to enter into and perform this Agreement and to carry out the contemplated Transactions. The execution and delivery by each of the Purchaser and the Guarantor of this Agreement and any Transaction Document to which the Purchaser or the Guarantor is a party, the performance by each of the Purchaser and the Guarantor of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation of the contemplated Transactions have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of each of the Purchaser and the Guarantor. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of the Purchaser and the Guarantor, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Seller) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each of the Purchaser and the Guarantor enforceable against each of the Purchaser and the Guarantor in accordance with its terms. When each Transaction Document to which the Purchaser or the Guarantor is or will be a party has been duly executed and delivered by either the Purchaser or the Guarantor (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each other Party thereto), such Transaction Document will constitute a legal and binding obligation of each of the Purchaser and the Guarantor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 

3.2 No Conflicts; Consents. The execution, delivery and performance by each of the Purchaser and the Guarantor of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not and will not: (a) conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, or default under, any provision of the certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents of either the Purchaser or the Guarantor; (b) conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any Law or Governmental Order applicable to either the Purchaser or the Guarantor; or (c) require the consent, notice or other action by any Person under any Contract to which either the Purchaser or the Guarantor is a party. No consent, approval, Permit, Governmental Order, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority is required by or with respect to either the Purchaser or the Guarantor in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the contemplated Transactions, except for such consents, approvals, Permits, Governmental Orders, declarations, filings or notice which, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.3 Investment Purpose. The Purchaser is acquiring the Shares solely for its own account for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution thereof. the Purchaser acknowledges that the Shares are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities laws, and that the Shares may not be transferred or sold except pursuant to the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or pursuant to an applicable exemption therefrom and subject to state securities laws and regulations, as applicable. 

- 11 - 

3.4 Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder s or other fee or commission in connection with the contemplated Transactions by this Agreement or any Transaction Document based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Purchaser. 

3.5 Legal Proceedings. There are no Actions pending or, to the Purchaser s knowledge, threatened against or by either the Purchaser or the Guarantor that challenge or seek to prevent, enjoin or otherwise delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No event has occurred or circumstances exist that may give rise or serve as a basis for any such Action. 

3.6 Sufficient Funds . The Purchaser and the Guarantor have sufficient cash on hand or other sources of immediately available funds to enable the Purchaser to make the payments under Section 2.2 and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

- 12 - 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES REGARDING THE COMPANY AND THE SELLERS 
 
 Except as set forth in the correspondingly numbered Schedules, the Sellers hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Purchaser that the following statements contained in this Article IV are true and correct as of the Execution Date and will be true and correct as of the Closing Date: 
 
 4.1 Organization, Standing and Qualification of the Company . The Company is a corporation Duly Organized and validly existing under the laws of England and Wales. The Company has the full corporate power and authority to own, operate or lease the properties and assets now owned, operated or leased by it and to carry on its business as it has been and is currently conducted. 

4.2 Authorization of Agreement, contemplated Transactions and Transaction Documents . Each Seller has all right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each Transaction Document to which he is a party and to perform his obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the contemplated Transactions. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each Seller, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Purchaser hereto) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Seller enforceable against each such Seller in accordance with its terms. When each Transaction Document to which any Seller is or will be a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Seller (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Purchaser), such Transaction Document will constitute a legal and binding obligation of such Seller enforceable against him or it in accordance with its terms. 

4.3 Capitalization; Ownership of the Shares; No Encumbrances . 

(a) The Shares being sold by the Sellers constitute 100 of the issued shares in the capital of the Company. The Sellers are the true and lawful registered holders and beneficial owners, of the Shares listed opposite the name of each of the Sellers on Appendix A . 

(b) All issued Shares: (i) are duly authorized, validly issued and fully paid; (ii) were issued in compliance with applicable Law; (iii) are free and clear of all Encumbrances; and (iv) not subject to any preemptive or similar rights created by statute or applicable Law, the Company Charter Documents (as defined below) or any agreement to which the Company is a party. 

(c) (i) No subscription, warrant, option, convertible or exchangeable security, or other right (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire equity securities of the Company is authorized or outstanding, and (ii) there is no commitment by the Company or any Seller to issue subscriptions, warrants, options, convertible or exchangeable securities, or other such rights or to distribute to holders of any of its equity securities any evidence of indebtedness or asset, to repurchase or redeem any securities of the Company or to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of, change the price of, or otherwise amend any warrant, option, convertible or exchangeable security or other such right. There are no options, agreements or other Encumbrances of any other person, firm or corporation in existence which could restrict or limit the respective Seller s ability to transfer to the Purchaser Good and Marketable title to all of its Shares free and clear of all such Encumbrances. Upon consummation of the contemplated Transactions, the Purchaser shall own the Shares, free and clear of all Encumbrances. 

(d) No issued Company Share is subject to vesting or forfeiture rights or repurchase by the Company or any other Person. There are no outstanding or authorized equity interests, whether profits interests, dividend equivalent, profit participation or other similar rights with respect to the Company or any of its securities. 

(e) There are no declared or accrued unpaid distributions with respect to any Shares. All distributions, dividends, repurchases and redemptions of the Shares (or other equity interests) of the Company were undertaken in compliance with the Company Charter Documents (as defined below) then in effect, any agreement to which the Company then was a party and in compliance in all material respects with applicable Laws. 

(f) The Purchaser shall be entitled to rely on the Sellers respective percentage ownership set forth in Appendix A in making payments under this Agreement and the Purchaser shall not be responsible for the calculations or the determinations regarding such calculations in Appendix A . 

4.4 No Conflicts; Consents . None of the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, the consummation of the contemplated Transactions, or compliance by the Company or any Seller with any of the provisions of this Agreement will (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both): (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company s Memorandum of Association or Articles of Association, in each case as amended (collectively, the Company Charter Documents ); or any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party (ii) conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any Law or Governmental Order applicable to the Company; or (iii) require any consent or approval under, violate, conflict with, result in the breach of or any loss of any benefit under, or constitute a default under, or result in termination or give to others any right of termination, vesting, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of an Encumbrance upon any of the respective properties or assets of the Company 

- 13 - 
 
 pursuant to any material Contract or Permit to which the Company is a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets may be bound or affected. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.4 , no consent, approval, Permit, Governmental Order, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority is required prior to the Closing by or with respect to the Company or any Seller in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the contemplated Transactions. 

4.5 No Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.5 , the Company does not own, or have any interest in any shares or have an ownership interest in any other Person. 

4.6 Financial Statements. 

(a) Descriptions of the Company s financial accounting policies, standards, practices, evaluation rules and estimation techniques with respect to revenue recognition, inventory, recording and accrual of expenses, write down of assets, depreciation, and determination of the Company Cash are set forth in Schedule 4.6 , each as amended. The Company has provided to the Purchaser true, complete and correct copies of its audited financial statements consisting of the balance sheet of the Company as at February 29, 2020 and February 28, 2019 and the related statements of income and retained earnings, shareholder s equity and cash flow for the years then ended (the Audited Financial Statements ), and unaudited financial statements consisting of the balance sheet of the Company as at August 31, 2020, as amended and the related statements of income and retained earnings, members equity and cash flow for the five-month period then ended (the Interim Financial Statements and together with the Audited Financial Statements, the Company Financial Statements ). The Company Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with the books and records of the Company and using the Accounting Principles applied on a consistent basis throughout the period involved, subject, in the case of the Interim Financial Statements, to normal and recurring year-end adjustments (the effect of which will not be materially adverse) and the absence of notes (that, if presented, would not differ materially from those presented in the Audited Financial Statements), (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Company as of the respective dates they were prepared and the results of the operations of the Company for the periods indicated, (iii) reflect the effects of COVID-19 and COVID-19 Measures on the Company and include adequate provisions to reflect the effects of COVID-19 and COVID-19 Measures on the Company, and (iv) do not reflect any transactions which are not bona fide transactions. The balance sheet of the Company as of February 29, 2020 is referred to herein as the Balance Sheet and the date thereof as the Balance Sheet Date and the balance sheet of the Company as of August 31 31, 2020, is referred to herein as the Interim Balance Sheet and the date thereof as the Interim Balance Sheet Date . 

(b) Except as disclosed in the Company Financial Statements or on Schedule 4.6(c) , there has been no material change in the financial condition, operations or business of the Company since the Interim Balance Sheet Date. 

(c) The inventories and raw materials of the Company, including those reflected in the Company Financial Statements, are of a quantity and quality usable and saleable in the ordinary course of business within a reasonable period of time and without discount outside of the ordinary course of business, are merchantable and fit and sufficient for their particular purpose, are not slow moving or obsolete based on the Company s accounting policies and practices and are reasonable in kind and amount in light of the normal needs of the Company. To the knowledge of the Sellers, COVID-19 and COVID- 19 Measures do not prevent the Company from maintaining an adequate quantity of inventory and raw materials, including as a result of any disruption in supply chains affecting the Company s supply of inventory and raw materials. None of the inventory of the Company is subject to any consignment, bailment, warehousing or similar contract. 

4.7 Undisclosed Liabilities . The Company has no Liabilities and there is no existing condition, fact or set of circumstances that could be reasonably expected to result in any Liabilities, of the nature required to be disclosed in the financial statements prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles, except for (a) those which are adequately reflected or reserved against in the Interim Balance Sheet as of the Interim Balance Sheet Date, (b) those which have been incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since the Interim Balance Sheet Date and which are not, individually or in the aggregate, material in amount, or (c) those set forth in Schedule 4.7 . 

4.8 Absence of Material Adverse Effect; Distributions . Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 4.8 , since the Balance Sheet Date, the Company has operated only in the ordinary course and since that date, there has not been any change in the business, operations, assets or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company that has had or might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 4.8 , since the Balance Sheet Date: 

(a) the Company has not, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, sold, transferred, or disposed of any of its assets, tangible or intangible, which, individually or in the aggregate, have a fair market value in excess of 25,000, other than sale of products and services in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) the Company has not entered into any Material Contract; 

- 14 - 

(c) no Person (including Company and the Sellers) has accelerated, terminated, modified, or cancelled any Material Contract; 

(d) the Company has not incurred any loans or borrowings in excess of 25,000 or granted or suffered to exist any Encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances) upon any of its assets, tangible or intangible; 

(e) the Company has not made any capital expenditure (or series of related capital expenditures) either involving more than 25,000 or outside the ordinary course of business; 

(f) the Company has not made any capital investment in, any loan to, or any acquisition of the securities or (otherwise than in the ordinary course of business) assets of, any other Person (or series of related capital investments, loans, and (otherwise than in the ordinary course of business) acquisition in excess of 25,000; 

(g) the Company has not issued any loan note, bond, or other debt security or created, incurred, assumed, or guaranteed or otherwise become liable for any Indebtedness; 

(h) the Company has not cancelled, compromised, waived, or released any right or claim including forgiveness of indebtedness or any sums due; 

(i) the Company has not licensed, sold or otherwise transferred any rights under or with respect to any material Intellectual Property; 

(j) there has been no change made or authorized in the Company Charter Documents; 

(k) the Company has not issued any shares, or granted any options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or obtain (including upon conversion, exchange, or exercise) any shares; 

(l) the Company has not directly or indirectly, (i) made, paid or declared any dividend or distribution in respect of its shares, or repurchased or redeemed any shares (ii) paid any interest or principal in respect of, or otherwise made any payment in connection with, any Indebtedness, (iii) paid any management or other fees to the Sellers or any of their respective Affiliates except for the Directors Loans Amounts and salaries and expenses in the ordinary course of business, (iv) made any other payment in respect of any liability, obligation or commitment to the Sellers or any of their respective Affiliates, (v) assumed, guaranteed, or otherwise become liable (directly or contingently) for any liability or obligation of the Sellers or any of their respective Affiliates, or (vi) entered into any other transaction, commitment or understanding with the Sellers or any of their respective Affiliates or for the benefit of any of them; 

(m) the Company has not experienced any damage or destruction to or loss of (whether or not covered by insurance) to its property in excess of 25,000 in the aggregate; 

(n) the Company has not entered into amended or terminated any employment contract, collective bargaining agreement, independent contractor agreement, or consulting agreement written or oral, or materially modified the terms of any existing such contract or agreement; 

(o) except for the Directors Loans Amount the Company has not granted any increase in the base compensation of any of its Directors or employees outside the ordinary course of business; 

(p) the Company has not adopted, amended, modified, or terminated any bonus, profit- sharing, incentive, severance, or other plan, contract, or commitment for the benefit of any of its Directors or employees; 

(q) the Company has not made any other material change in employment terms for any of its Directors, Officers, and employees outside the ordinary course of business; 

(r) the Company has not made or pledged to make any charitable or other capital contribution; 

(s) the Company has not made an election with respect to Taxes that was not previously made, nor has it changed or revoked an election with respect to Taxes that was previously made; 

(t) the Company has not entered into an new line of business or abandoned or discontinued any existing line of business; 

- 15 - 
 
 (u) the Company has not failed to comply with any mandatory COVID-19 Measure in any material respects; and 

(v) the Company has not committed or agreed, orally or in writing, to any of the foregoing and the giving of notice by any Person or the passage of time will not result in the occurrence of any of the foregoing. 

4.9 Customers and Suppliers. 

(a) Schedule 4.9(a) sets forth (i) each customer of the Company who has paid aggregate consideration to the Company or any Seller for goods or services rendered in an amount greater than or equal to 100,000 for each of the two most recent fiscal years (collectively, the Material Customers ); and (ii) the amount of consideration paid by each Material Customer during such periods. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.9(a) , the Company has not received any notice and has no reason to believe, that any of the Material Customers has ceased, or intends to cease before or after the Closing or to otherwise terminate or materially reduce its relationship with the Company, including reducing future orders in an amount which is materially less than the order placed in the most recent fiscal year based upon pounds sterling invoiced (whether as a result of the consummation of the contemplated Transactions, COVID-19, COVID-19 Measures or otherwise). 

(b) Schedule 4.9(b) sets forth (i) each supplier of the Company to whom the Company or any Seller has paid consideration for goods or services rendered in an amount greater than or equal to 100,000 for each of the two most recent fiscal years (collectively, the Material Suppliers ); and (ii) the amount of purchases from each Material Supplier during such periods. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.9(b) , the Company has not received any notice, and has no reason to believe, that any of the Material Suppliers has ceased, or intends to cease, to supply goods or services to the Company or to otherwise terminate or materially reduce its relationship with the Company, including reducing future orders in an amount which is materially less than the orders placed in the most recent fiscal year based upon pounds sterling invoiced (whether as a result of the consummation of the contemplated Transactions, COVID-19, COVID-19 Measures or otherwise). 

4.10 Accounts Receivable . The accounts receivable reflected on the Interim Balance Sheet and the accounts receivable arising after the date thereof (a) have arisen from bona fide transactions entered into by the Company involving the sale of goods or the rendering of services in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; and (b) constitute, to the Seller s knowledge, only undisputed claims of the Company not subject to claims of set-off or other defenses or counterclaims other than normal cash discounts accrued in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice. The reserve for bad debts shown on the Interim Balance Sheet or, with respect to accounts receivable arising after the Interim Balance Sheet Date, on the accounting records of the Company have been determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles, consistently applied, subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of disclosures normally made in footnotes. There are no sums due and owing from any of the Sellers. Schedule 4.10 reflects an aging analysis of the unpaid accounts receivable owing to the Company as of the day immediately prior to the Closing Date. The Company has not received any notice indicating that any account debtor does not intend to pay any accounts receivable. To the knowledge of the Sellers, no account debtor is unlikely to pay any accounts receivable whether as a result of COVID- 19 or COVID-19 Measures or otherwise. 

4.11 Condition of Assets. The buildings, plants, structures, furniture, fixtures, machinery, equipment, vehicles and other items of tangible personal property of the Company are in reasonable operating condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and are suitable for the purposes for which they are presently being used and have been maintained in accordance with good industry standards and do not need maintenance or repair, except for ordinary, routine maintenance and repair that is not material in nature or cost. 

4.12 Taxes. 

(a) All Tax Returns required to be filed on or before the Closing Date by the Company have been, or will be, timely filed (taking into account all applicable extensions). Such Tax Returns are, or will be, true, complete and correct in all respects. All Taxes due and owing by the Company (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been, or will be, timely paid. 

(b) The Company has withheld and paid each Tax required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, customer, shareholder or other party, and complied in all material respects with all information reporting and backup withholding provisions of applicable Law. 

(c) No claim has been made by any taxing authority in any jurisdiction where the Company does not file Tax Returns alleging that the Company is, or may be, subject to Tax by that jurisdiction. 

(d) No extensions or waivers of statutes of limitations have been given or requested with respect to any Taxes of the Company. 

- 16 - 
 
 (e) The amount of the Company s Liability for unpaid Taxes for all periods ending on or before the date of the Interim Financial Statements, does not, in the aggregate, exceed the amount of accruals for Taxes (excluding reserves for deferred Taxes) reflected on the Company Financial Statements. The amount of the Company s Liability for unpaid Taxes for all periods following the end of the recent period covered by the Company Financial Statements shall not, in the aggregate, exceed the amount of accruals for Taxes (excluding reserves for deferred Taxes) as adjusted for the passage of time in accordance with the past custom and practice of the Company (and which accruals shall not exceed comparable amounts incurred in similar periods in prior years). 

(f) Schedule 4.12(f) sets forth: (i) the taxable years of the Company as to which the applicable statutes of limitations on the assessment and collection of Taxes have not expired; (ii) those years for which examinations by the taxing authorities have been completed; and (iii) those taxable years for which examinations by taxing authorities are presently being conducted. 

(g) All deficiencies asserted, or assessments made, against the Company as a result of any examinations by any taxing authority have been fully paid. 

(h) The Company is not a party to any Action by any taxing authority. There are no pending or to the knowledge of the Sellers threatened Actions by any taxing authority. 

(i) The Company has delivered to the Purchaser copies of all governmental, state, federal, provincial, and local Tax Returns, examination reports, and statements of deficiencies assessed against, or agreed to by, the Company for all Tax periods ending on or after February 29, 2020. 

(j) There are no Encumbrances for Taxes (other than for current Taxes not yet due and payable) upon the assets of the Company. 

(k) The Company is not a party to, or bound by, any Tax indemnity, Tax sharing or Tax allocation agreement, other than commercial Contracts the principal purposes of which are unrelated to Taxes and are set forth on Schedule 4.12(k) . 

(l) The Company has not waived any statute of limitations in respect of Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect to Tax assessment or deficiency. 

(m) The unpaid Taxes of the Company (i) did not, as of February 29, 2020, exceed its reserve for Tax Liability (rather than any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax income) set forth on the face of the February 29, 2020 Balance Sheet and (ii) will not exceed that reserve as adjusted for the passage of time through the Closing Date in accordance with the past custom and practice of the Company in filing its Tax Returns. 

(n) Schedule 4.12(n) sets forth all foreign jurisdictions in which the Company is subject to Tax, is engaged in business or has a permanent establishment. 

(o) The amounts paid to each of the Sellers as salary or other compensation did not violate any United Kingdom or local Laws and will not result in the imposition by any Governmental Authority of any fines, Taxes, charges or penalties of any kind. 

4.13 Material Contracts. 

(a) Schedule 4.13 contains a true, complete and correct list of each of the following Contracts of the Company (such Contracts, together with all Contracts concerning the occupancy, management, or operation of any Real Property (including without limitation, brokerage contracts) listed or otherwise disclosed in Schedule 4.16 and all the Company s IP Agreements set forth in Schedule 4.17(b) being Material Contracts ): 

(i) each Contract of the Company involving aggregate consideration in excess of 100,000 and which, in each case, cannot be cancelled by the Company without penalty or without more than 90 days notice; 

(ii) all Contracts that require the Company to purchase its total requirements of any product or service from a third party or that contain take or pay provisions; 

(iii) all Contracts that provide for the indemnification by the Company of any Person or the assumption of any Tax, environmental, or other Liability of any Person; 

(iv) all Contracts that relate to the acquisition or disposition of any business, a material amount of stock or other equity or assets of any other Person or any real property (whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets, or otherwise); 

(v) all broker, distributor, dealer, agency, sales promotion, market research, marketing consulting, and 

- 17 - 
 
 advertising Contracts to which the Company is a party; 

(vi) all employment Contracts and Contracts with independent contractors or consultants (or similar arrangements) to which the Company is a party and which contain any severance provisions, or are not cancellable without material penalty or without more than 90 days notice; 

(vii) except for Contracts relating to trade receivables, all Contracts relating to Indebtedness (including, without limitation, guarantees) of the Company; 

(viii) all Contracts with any Governmental Authority to which the Company is a party; 

(ix) all Contracts that limit or purport to limit the ability of the Company to compete in any line of business or with any Person or in any geographic area or during any period of time; 

(x) any Contracts to which the Company is a party that provide for any joint venture, partnership, or similar arrangement by the Company; 

(xi) all collective bargaining agreements or Contracts with any Union to which the Company is a party; and 

(xii) any other Contract that is material to the Company and not previously disclosed pursuant to this Section 4.13. 

(b) Each Material Contract is valid and binding on the Company, and to the knowledge of the Sellers, the other party thereto, in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect. None of the Company or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, any other party thereto is in breach of or default under (or is alleged to be in breach of or default under) in any respect, or has provided or received any notice of any intention to terminate, any Material Contract. The Company and, to the knowledge of the Sellers, each counterparty has performed all material obligations under each Material Contract required to be performed and, to the knowledge of the Sellers, no facts exist which would render such performance unlikely (including as a result of COVID-19 or COVID-19 Measures in place in the UK as at the Execution Date). No event or circumstance has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a material event of default under any Material Contract or is reasonably likely to result in a termination thereof or would cause or permit the acceleration or other material changes of any right or obligation or the loss of any benefit thereunder. Complete and correct copies of each Material Contract (including all modifications, amendments and supplements thereto and waivers thereunder) have been made available to the Purchaser. 

4.14 Labor Matters. 

(a) Schedule 4.14(a) sets forth a list of all persons who are employees, independent contractors, or consultants of the Company Personnel as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date, including any Personnel who are on a leave of absence of any nature, paid or unpaid, authorized or unauthorized, and sets forth for each such individual the following: (i) name; (ii) title or position (including whether full or part time); (iii) hire date; (iv) current annual base compensation rate; (v) commission, bonus, or other incentive-based compensation; and (vi) a description of the fringe benefits provided to each such individual as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date hereof, including without limitation paid time off and severance benefits. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.14(a) , as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date, all compensation, including wages, holiday pay, overtime and bonuses payable to all Personnel of the Company for services performed on or prior to the date hereof has been paid in full (or accrued in full on the Target Closing Working Capital Statement and the Closing Working Capital Statement) and there are no outstanding agreements, understandings, or commitments of the Company with respect to any compensation, commissions or bonuses. The Sellers have not received notice that any Personnel has any plans to terminate his, her or its status as an employee or independent contractor of the Company, including upon or in connection with the consummation of the contemplated Transactions or as a result of COVID-19 or COVID-19 Measures. 

(b) The Company is not, and has not been for the past three years, a party to, bound by, or negotiating any collective bargaining agreement or other Contract with a union, works council or labor organization (collectively, Union ), and there is not, and has not been for the past three years, any Union representing or purporting to represent any employee of the Company, and no Union or group of employees is seeking or has sought to organize employees for the purpose of collective bargaining. To the knowledge of the Sellers, there has never been, nor has there been any threat of, any strike, slowdown, work stoppage, lockout, concerted refusal to work overtime or other similar labor disruption or dispute affecting the Company or any of its employees (as a result of COVID-19, COVID-19 Measures or otherwise). The Company has no duty to bargain with any Union. 

(c) The Company is and has been in compliance in all respects with all applicable Laws pertaining to employment and employment practices, including (i) the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974, the Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations, the Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations 2002, the Lifting Operations and Lifting Equipment 

- 18 - 
 
 Regulations 1998 and the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005 and (ii) all Laws relating to labor relations, equal employment opportunities, fair employment practices, employment discrimination, harassment, retaliation, reasonable accommodation, disability rights or benefits, health and safety, immigration, wages, salaries or other compensation, hours, overtime compensation, child labor, hiring, promotion and termination of employees, working conditions, meal and break periods, privacy, health and safety, workers compensation, leaves of absence and unemployment insurance. All individuals characterized and treated by the Company as independent contractors or consultants are properly treated as independent contractors under all applicable Laws. There are no Actions against the Company pending or to the knowledge of the Sellers threatened to be brought or filed, by or with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator in connection with the employment of any current or former applicant, employee, consultant, volunteer, intern, or independent contractor of the Company, including, without limitation, any claim relating to unfair labor practices, employment discrimination, harassment, retaliation, equal pay, wage and hours or any other employment-related matter arising under applicable Laws. 

(d) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.14(d) , as at the date of this Agreement, the Company has not had, nor to the knowledge of the Sellers are there any facts that would give rise to, any workforce changes resulting from disruptions due to COVID-19 or COVID-19 Measures, whether directly or indirectly, including any actual or expected terminations, layoffs, furlough, shutdowns (whether voluntary or by Governmental Order), or any changes to benefit or compensation programs, nor are any such changes currently contemplated. 

(e) The Company has taken appropriate actions to assess and monitor risks which may arise from the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

4.15 Employee Benefit Plans and Benefit Arrangements. The Company has provided the Purchaser copies of all existing Employee Benefit Plans and all such Employee Benefit Plans are listed on Schedule 4.15 . 

(a) Each Employee Benefit Plan (and each related trust, insurance contract, or fund) complies in form and in operation in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the applicable Laws in England governing pensions and other Employee Benefit Plans. 

(b) None of the Company s, the Sellers or the Sellers Representative s execution of, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will (i) entitle any current or former employee, officer, director, agent or consultant of the Company to severance pay, unemployment compensation or any other payment, except as expressly provided in this Agreement or (ii) accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or increase the amount of any compensation or other benefit (whether under any Employee Benefit Plan or otherwise) to any such employee, officer, Director, agent or consultant. 

(c) There are no pending claims by or on behalf of any Employee Benefit Plan or by or on behalf of any individual participant or beneficiary of an Employee Benefit Plan alleging breach of fiduciary duty or breach of any provision of the Employee Benefit Plan to pay benefits on the part of the Company or any of its officers, directors or employees, nor to the knowledge of the Sellers, is there any threatened claim or any basis for such a claim. 

4.16 Title to Assets; Real Property . The Company has (and, in the case of owned Real Property, good and marketable) title to, (in case of leasehold interests, valid) title to the Real Property 

4.17 Intellectual Property. 

(a) Schedule 4.17(a) lists all the domain names of which the Company owns or is the registrant of (the Domain Names ). With the exception of the Domain Names the Company has no other (i) IP Registrations or (ii) Company Intellectual Property. 

(b) The Company has not entered into any IP Agreements. 

(c) The consummation of the contemplated Transactions will not result in the loss or impairment of or payment of any additional amounts with respect to, nor require the consent of any other Person in respect of, the Company s right to own, use or hold for use any Intellectual Property as owned, used or held for use in the conduct of the Company s business or operations as currently conducted. 

(d) The Company has taken reasonable steps to maintain the Company Intellectual Property and to protect and preserve the confidentiality of all trade secrets including having all employees sign agreements which provide for such confidentiality. 

(e) The Company s rights in the Company Intellectual Property are valid, subsisting and enforceable. The Company has taken reasonable steps to maintain the Company Intellectual Property and to protect and preserve the confidentiality of all trade secrets included in the Company Intellectual Property. 

- 19 - 
 
 (f) Except as provided on Schedule 4.17 , the conduct of the Company s business as currently and formerly conducted, and the products, processes and services of the Company, have not infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated, and do not and will not infringe, dilute, misappropriate or otherwise violate the Intellectual Property rights or other rights of any Person. To the knowledge of the Sellers, no Person has infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated, or is currently infringing, misappropriating, diluting or otherwise violating, any Company Intellectual Property. 

(g) There are no Actions (including any oppositions, interferences or re-examinations) settled, pending or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened (including in the form of offers to obtain a license): (i) alleging any infringement, misappropriation, dilution or violation of the Intellectual Property of any Person by the Company; (ii) challenging the validity, enforceability, registrability or ownership of any Company Intellectual Property or the Company s rights with respect to any Company Intellectual Property; or (iii) by the Company or any other Person alleging any infringement, misappropriation, dilution or violation by any Person of the Company Intellectual Property. The Company is not subject to any outstanding or prospective Governmental Order (including any motion or petition therefor) that does or would restrict or impair the use of any Company Intellectual Property. 

4.18 Insurance . Schedule 4.18 contains a true, correct and complete list of all current policies of fire, liability, product liability, umbrella liability, real and personal property, workers compensation, vehicular, directors and officers liability, fiduciary liability, data privacy and cybersecurity, and other casualty and property insurance maintained by the Company and relating to the assets, business, operations, employees, officers and directors of the Company (collectively, the Insurance Policies and true and complete copies of such Insurance Policies have been made available to the Purchaser. Such Insurance Policies are in full force and effect and shall be maintained in full force and effect by the Company through the Closing Date. The Company has not received any notice of cancellation of, premium increase with respect to, or alteration of coverage under, any of such Insurance Policies. All premiums due on such Insurance Policies have either been paid or, if due and payable prior to Closing, will be paid prior to Closing in accordance with the payment terms of each Insurance Policy. The Insurance Policies do not provide for any retrospective premium adjustment or other experience-based liability on the part of the Company. All such Insurance Policies are to the knowledge of the Sellers (a) valid and binding in accordance with their terms, (b) are provided by carriers who are financially solvent and (c) have not been subject to any lapse in coverage. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.18 , there are no claims related to the business of the Company pending under any such Insurance Policies as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed or in respect of which there is an outstanding reservation of rights and to the extent that there are claims Schedule 4.18 reflects each claim. The Company is not in default under, and has not otherwise failed to comply with, in any material respect, any provision contained in any such Insurance Policy. The Insurance Policies are of the type and in the amounts customarily carried by Persons conducting a business similar to the Company and are sufficient for compliance with all applicable Laws and Contracts to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. 

4.19 Environmental Matters. 

(a) To the knowledge of the Sellers, the Company has been and currently is in compliance in all respects with all Environmental Laws and has not received from any Person any: (i) Environmental Notice or Environmental Claim; or (ii) written request for information pursuant to Environmental Law, which, in each case, either remains pending or unresolved, or is the source of ongoing obligations or requirements as of the Closing Date. 

(b) The Company has obtained and is in material compliance with all Environmental Permits (each of which is disclosed in Schedule 4.19(b) necessary for the ownership, lease, operation or use of the business or assets of the Company and all such Environmental Permits are in full force and effect and shall be maintained in full force and effect by the Company through the Closing Date in accordance with Environmental Law, and the Company is not aware of any condition, event or 

circumstance that might prevent or impede, after the Closing Date, the ownership, lease, operation or use of the business or assets of the Company as currently carried out. 
 
 (c) To the knowledge of the Sellers, there has been no Release of Hazardous Materials in contravention of Environmental Laws with respect to the business or assets of the Company or any real property currently owned, operated or leased by the Company, and the Company has not received a written Environmental Notice that any real property currently or formerly owned, operated or leased in connection with the business of the Company (including soils, groundwater, surface water, buildings and other structure located on any such real property) has been contaminated with any Hazardous Material which would result in an Environmental Claim against, or a violation of Environmental Law or term of any Environmental Permit by, the Company. 

(d) Schedule 4.19(d) contains a complete and accurate list of all active or abandoned aboveground or underground storage tanks owned or operated by the Company. 

(e) The Company has provided or otherwise made available to the Purchaser and listed in Schedule 4.19(e) : (i) any and all environmental reports, studies, audits, records, sampling data, site assessments, risk assessments, economic models and other similar documents with respect to the business or assets of the Company or any currently or formerly owned, operated or leased real property which are in the possession or control of the Company related to compliance with Environmental Laws, Environmental Claims 

- 20 - 
 
 or an Environmental Notice or the Release of Hazardous Materials; and (ii) any and all material documents concerning planned or anticipated capital expenditures required to reduce, offset, limit or otherwise control pollution and/or emissions, manage waste or otherwise ensure compliance in all material respects with current or future Environmental Laws (including, without limitation, costs of remediation, pollution control equipment and operational changes). 

(f) To the knowledge of the Sellers the Company is not aware of or reasonably anticipates any condition, event or circumstance concerning the Release or regulation of Hazardous Materials that might, as of or after the Closing Date, prevent, impede or materially increase the costs associated with the ownership, lease, operation, performance or use of the business or assets of the Company as currently carried out. 

4.20 Legal Proceedings; Governmental Orders. 

(a) Except as set forth in Schedule 4.20 , there are no Actions pending or, to the knowledge of the Sellers, threatened (a) against or by the Company affecting any of its properties or assets; or (b) against or by the Company that challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin or otherwise delay the contemplated Transactions. To the knowledge of the Sellers, no event has occurred or circumstances exist that may give rise to, or serve as a basis for, any such Action. 

(b) There are no outstanding Governmental Orders and no unsatisfied judgments, penalties or awards against or affecting the Company or any of its properties or assets. 

4.21 Privacy and Data Security. The Sellers have provided true and correct copies of all current Privacy Policies adopted by the Company in connection with the operation of the Business. To the knowledge of the Sellers, the Company has, during the five years prior to the Execution Date and the Closing Date: (i) complied in all respects with all applicable Laws related to the protection, privacy and security of Personal Data, including the General Data Protection Regulation(EU) 2016/679 (GDRP), the Date Protections Act 018 and the Data Protections Act 1998 and/or any corresponding or equivalent English laws or regulations (r other laws applicable to the Company) or any similar foreign Laws; (ii) not violated in any respect its applicable Privacy Policies; (iii) taken commercially reasonable steps to protect and maintain the confidential nature of Personal Data provided to any of the Company or its Affiliates in accordance with its applicable Privacy Policies; (iv) has not discovered any unauthorized or improper access to or use or disclosure of Personal Data or other Confidential Information to any unauthorized or improper third party; and (v) to the knowledge of the Sellers, there has been no threatened or actual breach of Personal Data by or against the Company. 

4.22 Affiliated Transactions . 

(a) The Company has directly and indirectly conducted or otherwise operated its business only through the Real Property. 

(b) Except for the Real Property the Company does not owe any amount to, or have any Contract with, (other than amounts reimbursable for expenses and salary arising in the ordinary course of business to such individuals and consistent with past practices), any of the Sellers or their Affiliates or any of its other Directors, Officers, employees or consultants, other than as set forth in Schedule 4.22 . 

(c) Except for the Real Property, none of the Sellers or their respective Affiliates owns any asset or property used by the Company, or is a party to any Contract with or binding upon the Company or any of its assets, rights or properties or has any interest in any property owned by the Company or has engaged in any transaction with any of the foregoing within the last 24 months. 

4.23 COVID-19 and COVID-19 Measures . 

(a) The Company is not subject to (or has received an exclusion from the applicable Governmental Authority) COVID-19 Measures, such that the Company may not continue to operate in the Ordinary Course of Business as of the date hereof and the reasonably foreseeable future. 

(b) Schedule 4.23(b) sets forth a list of each loan or other financial grant for which the Company or any Seller has applied or which it has received pursuant to any COVID-19 Measure. 

(c) The Company has in place and maintains in effect business continuity, risk management, emergency and disaster plans, procedures, protocols and facilities appropriate for the nature of the risks associated with the business of the Company. 

(d) The Company has taken reasonable actions to reduce the potentially adverse effects of COVID-19 and COVID-19 Measures on the Company. 

- 21 - 
 
 4.24 Books and Records . The minute books and membership interest record books of the Company, all of which have been made available to the Purchaser, are complete and correct and have been maintained in accordance with sound business practices. The minute books of the Company contain full, complete and accurate records of all meetings, and actions taken by written consent of, the shareholders of the Company, the Directors of the Company and any committees of the Directors, and, to the knowledge of the Sellers, no meeting, or action taken by written consent, of any such shareholders, Directors or committee has been held for which minutes have not been prepared and are not contained in such minute books. At the Closing, all of those books and records will be in the possession of the Company. 

4.25 Officers and Directors. Schedule 4.25 lists all of the directors (the Directors of the Company as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date. 

4.26 Powers of Attorney; Bank and Security Accounts. The Company has not given any power of attorney to any Person other than its Directors in their capacities as such, including with respect to any of the assets or properties of the Company. None of the Sellers has given any power of attorney to any Person in respect of any of the Shares. The only bank accounts and security accounts of the Company are those listed in Schedule 4.26 . 

4.27 Brokers. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.27 , no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder s or other fee or commission in connection with the contemplated Transactions or any Transaction Document based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company. The Sellers shall be jointly and severally responsible and liable for any such fees or commissions related to any Seller s engagement of any broker, finder or investment banker in connection with the contemplated Transaction or any Transaction Document, whether or not such listed on Schedule 4.27 , and the Purchaser shall have no Liability to any such Person for such fees. 

4.28 International Trade. Neither the Company nor any of its managers, directors, officers, nor to the knowledge of the Sellers, any employee or agent or other third party representative acting on behalf of the Company, is currently, or has been in the last five years: (a) an individual or entity that is the subject or target of sanctions or restrictions under Sanctions Laws or Ex-Im Laws, including (i) any individual or entity listed on any applicable U.S. or non-U.S. sanctions- or export-related restricted party list, including, OFAC s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List; (ii) any Person that is, in the aggregate, 50 or greater owned, directly or indirectly, or otherwise controlled by a Person or Persons described in clause (i); or (iii) any national of a Sanctioned Country Sanctioned Person ), (b) organized, resident or located in any country or region (including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria and the Crimea region of Ukraine) (each, a Sanctioned Country that is the subject or target of a comprehensive embargo under applicable U.S. and non-U.S. Laws relating to economic or trade sanctions, including the Laws administered or enforced by the United States (including the United States Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control or the U.S. Department of State), and the United Nations Security Council Sanctions Laws ), (c) engaging in any dealings or transactions with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities violate any Sanctions Laws, or U.S. and non-U.S. Laws relating to export, re-export, transfer, and import controls, including the Export Administration Regulations, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations and the customs and import Laws administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection Ex-Im Laws ), (d) engaging in any export, re-export, transfer or provision of any goods, software, technology, data or service without, or exceeding the scope of, any required or applicable licenses or authorizations under all applicable Ex-Im Laws, or (e) otherwise in violation of applicable Sanctions Laws, Ex-Im Laws or the anti-boycott Laws administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the IRS. 

4.29 No Other Representations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company, Seller nor any other person is making any representations or warranties whatsoever, express or implied, at law or in equity, beyond those expressly given by the Company or the Sellers in the data room to which the Purchaser has been provided access or any Seller in Article 4, and the Purchaser is not relying on any other representations or warranties not expressly made by the Company or any Seller in the data room and Article 4 and hereby disclaims reliance on any other such representations or warranties, including with respect to the accuracy and completeness thereof. The Purchaser is not relying on any representation, warranty, agreement, statement, document, record, report, projection, material, or information made or provided by the Sellers or any of their Affiliates or representatives except as expressly set forth in the data room, Article 4 of this Agreement and any agreement dated the Closing Date between the Purchaser and the Sellers. The Purchaser further acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties contained in Article 4 of this Agreement, none of the Sellers or any of their Affiliates has made any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any information regarding the Sellers except to the extent that the information in the data room is deemed to be an express or implied representation or warranty, the Company or the Business, or the transactions contemplated hereby, or as to habitability, merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose of any assets, the nature or extent of any liabilities, the prospects of the Business, or the effectiveness or the success of any operations, and none of the Sellers, the Company, any of their Affiliates, or any other Person will have or be subject to any Liability to the Purchaser or any other person. 

- 22 - 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 CERTAIN COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS 
 
 5.1 Covenants of the Sellers Regarding the Company. Each of the Sellers severally (not jointly and severally) covenants and agrees that, during the period from the Execution Date until the earlier of the Closing Date or the date of termination of this Agreement, he will take such steps as lie within his powers to procure that the Company shall, other than as contemplated by this Agreement or for the purposes of effecting the contemplated Transactions and Closing pursuant to this Agreement or other than to the extent no Material Adverse Effect would be incurred, conduct its business and the business of the Company, only as presently operated and solely in the ordinary course, and consistent with such operation since the beginning of its last completed fiscal year. Each of the Sellers shall permit Marcum and other representatives of the Purchaser to have full access to the financial books and records of the Company to convert the Company Financial Statements to GAAP. In addition to the foregoing and, in connection therewith, each of the Sellers severally (not jointly and severally) undertakes that he shall take all steps necessary to assure that the Company does not, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, do any of the following: 

(a) amend the Company Charter Documents; 

(b) pay or agree to pay to any employee, Officer or Director compensation that is in excess of the current compensation level of such employee, Officer or Director other than salary increases or payments made in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise provided in any written contracts or agreements with any such employees; 

(c) merge or consolidate with any other entity or acquire or agree to acquire any other entity; 

(d) sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any material assets required for the operations of the Company and the Company s business except in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices; 

(e) create, incur, assume, or guarantee any material indebtedness for money borrowed except in the ordinary course of business, or create or suffer to exist any Encumbrance on any of its material assets, except those in existence on the date hereof or those granted pursuant to agreements in effect on the Execution Date ; 

(f) make any material capital expenditure or series of capital expenditures except in the ordinary course of business; 

(g) declare or pay any dividends on or make any distribution of any kind with respect to the Shares; 

(h) fail to notify the Purchaser immediately in the event of any material loss of or damage to any of the Company and the Company s material assets regardless of whether it is covered by insurance; 

(i) fail to pay premiums in respect of all present insurance coverage of the types and in the amounts as are in effect as of the Execution Date; 

(j) fail to seek to preserve the reputation and business organization of the Company s relationship with its employees, contractors, consultants, material customers and suppliers and others having business dealings with it; 

(k) issue any capital stock, or interests therein, of the Company or take any action affecting the capitalization of the Company or the Shares; 

(l) fail to use best efforts to comply with and not be in default or violation under any known Law applicable to the Company s business, operations or assets where such violation would have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(m) grant any severance or termination pay to any Director, Officer or any other employees of the Company, other than pursuant to written agreements in effect on the Execution Date; 

(n) change any of the accounting principles or practices used by it, except as may be required as a result of a change in Laws or in IFRS, whether in respect of Taxes or otherwise; 

(o) terminate or waive any material right of substantial value other than in the ordinary course of business; or 

(p) enter into any Material Contract or material commitment. 

- 23 - 
 
 5.2 Covenants of the Sellers Regarding the Shares . Each Seller acknowledges and agree that, if and for so long as such Seller remains the registered holder of any of the Shares after the Closing, such Seller shall: (a) hold such Shares, together with all dividends and any other distributions of profits or other assets in respect of such Shares, and all rights arising out of or in connection with them, in trust for the Purchaser; (b) deal with and dispose of such Shares, dividends, distributions, assets and rights as the Purchaser shall direct; (c) exercise all voting rights attached to such Shares in such manner as the Purchaser shall direct; and (d) if required by the Purchaser, execute all instruments of proxy or other documents as may be necessary to enable the Purchaser to attend and vote at any shareholders meeting of the Company. 

5.3 Additional Actions at Closing . 

(a) The Parties shall take all action necessary to have, effective immediately upon the Closing: (i) Peter Christopher Lappin appointed to the position of Managing Director of the Company and John Alfred Stone shall be appointed a director of the Company, and they shall serve in such capacity, in accordance with the terms of their Employment Agreements, until the earlier of (A) December 31, 2023, or (B) their earlier resignation, death or permanent disability; and (ii) three other persons, designated by the Purchaser, appointed to serve on the board of directors of the Company. 

5.4 Additional Covenants and Agreements .	The Parties hereto do hereby mutually covenant and agree as to the matters set forth in this Section 5.4: 

(a) Announcement . 

(i) Except as set forth in Section 5.4(a)(ii), neither Party, nor any of its respective Affiliates or any of its or their respective Representatives, shall (orally or in writing) publicly disclose, issue any press release or otherwise make any public statement, or otherwise communicate with the media, with respect to this Agreement or the contemplated Transactions without the prior consent of the other Parties hereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), except if and to the extent that such Party or any of its Affiliates is required to make any public disclosure or filing Required Disclosure regarding the subject matter of this Agreement (A) by applicable Law, (B) pursuant to any rules or regulations of any national securities exchange of which the securities of such party or any of its Affiliates are listed or traded, or (C) in connection with enforcing its rights under this Agreement. In each case pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 5.4(a), the Party making any Required Disclosure shall consult with the other Party regarding the substance of the Required Disclosure and provide the other Party a reasonable opportunity (taking into account any legally mandated time constraints) to review and comment on the content of the Required Disclosure prior to its publication or filing. Each Party shall be liable for any failure of its Affiliates or Representatives to comply with the restrictions set forth under this Section 5.4(a). 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 5.4(a)(i), the Purchaser s sole shareholder may make any public disclosure which its counsel advises it is required by Law or, the rules of the NYSE American or other securities exchange upon which any of its securities are listed; provided , however , that the Purchaser shall provide the Sellers reasonable notice prior to any such disclosure. 

(b) Notification of Certain Matters . Each of the Sellers shall give prompt written notice to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall give prompt written notice to the Sellers, of the relevant Party or Parties becoming aware of: 

(i) The occurrence, or non-occurrence, of any event the occurrence, or non-occurrence, of which would be reasonably likely to cause any representation or warranty given by the Sellers contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect (or any respect if qualified by materiality) at or prior to the Closing Date; 

(ii) Any material failure of the Sellers to comply with Article 5.1; and 

(iii) Any notice given under this Section 5.4(b) or any material amendment to any Disclosure Schedule shall give the Purchaser the right to terminate this Agreement without any Liability for any Party as provided in Section 6.1(a). The Purchaser s right to terminate under this clause shall be the Purchaser s only remedy against the Sellers or the Company in respect of any such matter notified. 

(c) Reasonable Efforts . Before Closing, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Parties agree to use their respective reasonable efforts (unless a higher standard shall be set forth in this Agreement with respect to a particular obligation of a Party hereto) to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable (subject to applicable Law) and with their respective policies to consummate and make effective the contemplated Transactions as promptly as practicable including, but not limited to: 

(i) The preparation and filing of all forms, registrations and notices required to be filed to consummate the contemplated Transactions, including without limitation, any approvals, consents, orders, exemptions or waivers by any third party or 

- 24 - 
 
 Governmental Authority; and 

(ii) The satisfaction of the other Party s conditions precedent to Closing. 

(d) Access to Information . The Sellers will make available for inspection by the Purchaser, during normal business hours and in a manner so as not to interfere with normal business operations, the Company s records (including tax records), books of account, premises, contracts and all other documents in the Company s possession or control that are reasonably requested by the Purchaser to inspect and examine the business and affairs of the Company. The Sellers shall, and shall cause the Directors, Officers, managerial employees, and regular independent accountants of the Company to, be available upon reasonable advance notice to answer questions of the Purchaser concerning the business and affairs of the Company. The Purchaser will treat and hold as confidential any information it receives from the Company in the course of the reviews contemplated by this Section 5.4(d). 

(e) Confidentiality; Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Other Restrictive Covenants. 

(i) From and after the Closing, the Sellers shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, hold, and shall use their best efforts to cause their respective Representatives to hold, in confidence all Confidential Information, whether written or oral, concerning the Purchaser and its Affiliates, except to the extent that the Sellers can show that such information (a) is generally available to and known by the public through no fault of any Seller, any of his Affiliates or his or its respective Representatives; or (b) is lawfully acquired by any Seller, any of his Affiliates or his or its respective Representatives from and after the Closing from sources which are not prohibited from disclosing such information by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation; or (c) is used by a Seller in connection with his duties as an officer, director or employee of the Company after the Closing. If any Seller or any of his Affiliates or his or its respective Representatives are compelled to disclose any information by judicial or administrative process or by other requirements of Law, such Seller shall (unless prohibited by Law from doing so) promptly notify the Purchaser in writing and shall disclose only that portion of such information which such Seller is advised by his counsel in writing is legally required to be disclosed, provided , however , that the Sellers shall use their best efforts to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reasonable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded such information. 

(ii) For a period of four years from and after the Closing Date (the Restrictive Period ), each of the Sellers, severally agrees with the Purchaser not to, throughout the UK (the Restrictive Territory ), directly or indirectly, and to use his reasonable endeavours to cause its Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly, whether as an owner, proprietor, shareholder, equity holder, partner, officer, director, employee, manager or consultant or in any other capacity, invest or own any interest in, manage, control, participate in (whether as an operator, consultant, contractor, director, manager, employee, agent, representative or otherwise), consult with, render services for or otherwise engage in any business or entity that competes with any business line of the Company as conducted during the restrictive period. 

(iii) During the Restrictive Period, each Seller severally agrees not to, in the Restrictive Territory, directly or indirectly, and to use his reasonable best efforts to cause his Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly: 

A. (1) solicit, induce, or attempt to induce (or assist or direct any Person to solicit, induce or attempt to induce) any customer or prospective customer of the Company to cease doing business in whole or in part with or through the Purchaser or the Company or to do business with any other Person that sells goods or performs services similar to or competitive with those provided by the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates (collectively, a Competitive Business ); (2) engage alone or with any other Person in any Competitive Business; (3) realize any economic benefit arising from or related to doing any Competitive Business in whole or in part with any customer or prospective customer, (4) manufacture, sell, license, design or attempt to sell or license any Intellectual Property, technology, products, parts, assemblies or components which could constitute a Competitive Business to or for any customer or prospective customer of the Company; or (5) have any business dealings with a customer or prospective customer in connection with the provisions of goods or services to them in competition with the business. For purposes of this Section 5.4(e), (1) the term customer includes any Person (X) who was during the Restrictive Period, a customer of the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, and (Y) who was a customer at any time within the two-year period immediately preceding such time; and (2) the term prospective customer includes any Person who during the Restrictive Period, or who has been at any time during the two-year immediately preceding the Closing Date, in discussions with the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates with a view to becoming a customer of the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates; and 

B. offer employment to, enter into a contract for the services of, or otherwise entice or attempt to entice away from the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates including the Company, any restricted person, or procure or facilitate the making of any such offer or attempt by any other Person. For purpose of this Section 5.4(e)(iii), the term restricted person shall mean any Person who is, on the Closing Date, or who has been at any time during the period of one-year immediately preceding the Closing Date, employed or directly or indirectly engaged by the Company in an executive, managerial, marketing/business development, sales or technical role 

- 25 - 
 
 (iv) Each Seller severally agrees not to, in the Restrictive Territory, directly or indirectly, and to cause his Affiliates not to directly or indirectly, at any time after the Closing: (A) use in the course of any business: (1) any of the words Relec , Relec Electronics or Request, Refine, Result (2) any trade or service mark, business or domain name, design or logo which, on the Closing Date, is being or has been used by the Company in connection with the Business; or (3) anything which is capable of confusion with any of the words, marks, names, designs or logos in Section 5.4(e)(iv) (B) do or say anything with the intention of harming the reputation of the Purchaser, the Company or the Business; (C) present himself or herself (or permit himself or herself to be presented) as: (1) connected in any capacity with the Company other than an employee of the Company (save in the normal course of employment or engagement by the Company); or (2) interested or concerned in any way in the Shares (or any of them). 

(v) Each Seller acknowledges and agrees that (a) each of the covenants set forth in this Section 5.4(e) are intended for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, the Purchaser and its Affiliates, and shall apply to actions carried out by the relevant Seller in any capacity (including as shareholder, partner, director, principal, consultant, officer, employee, agent or otherwise) and whether directly or indirectly, on the Seller s own behalf or on behalf of, or jointly with, any other Person; (b) each of the covenants in this Section 5.4(e) is necessary for the protection of the Purchaser and its Affiliates and that the nature and scope of each such covenant is reasonable and that having regard to those facts those covenants do not work harshly on him; (c) there may be no adequate remedy at Law for any breach of said covenants, and the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates shall therefore be entitled to injunctive relief without the necessity of posting any bond or showing any actual damages in the event of a breach or to the knowledge of the Sellers threatened breach thereof by any Seller or any of their respective Affiliates or his or their respective Representatives; (d) to the extent any provisions of this Section 5.4(e) cannot be enforced in full, it shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law, and any unenforceable provision in whole or in part shall not impair any other provision hereunder; (e) without prejudice to the acknowledgement and agreement in subclause (a) above, if any of the provisions of this Section 5.4(e), by themselves or taken together, shall be adjudged to go beyond what is reasonable in all the circumstances for the protection of the legitimate interests of the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates but would be adjudged reasonable if part or parts of the wording in this Section 5.4(e) of words used in this Section 5.4(e) (in the case of those definitions, only to the extent of their application to this Section 5.4(e)) were deleted or amended or qualified or the periods thereof were reduced or the range of products dealt with were thereby reduced in scope, then the relevant restriction or restrictions shall apply on the basis of such modification or modifications to this Section 5.4(e) of the words used in this Section 5.4(e) (to the extent only of their application to this Section 5.4(e)) as may either be necessary or as may be reasonably required by the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to make it or them valid and effective; and (v) each Seller acknowledges that he has had the opportunity to obtain independent advice on the restrictions in this Section 5.4(e). 

(vi) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the passive ownership by any Seller or their respective Affiliates of not more than 3 of any class of shares or securities of any publicly traded entity shall not be deemed a breach of this Section 5.4(e). 

(vii) Each of provisions in this Section 5.4(e) is a separate undertaking by each Seller in relation to himself and his interests and shall be enforceable by the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates separately and independently of their right to enforce any one or more of the other undertakings contained in this Section 5.4(e). 

(f) Release . 

(i) Effective upon the Closing, each Seller Party (on behalf of such Seller Party and such Seller Party s heirs, successors, assigns and executors) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, releases and discharges the Company and the other Purchaser Indemnified Parties (and their successors and assigns) from any and all Losses, liabilities and obligations to such Seller Party of any kind or nature whatsoever, whether in such Person s capacity as Seller Party hereunder, as an equity holder, director, manager, officer or employee of the Company or otherwise (including in respect of rights of contribution or indemnification) as to facts, conditions, transactions, events or circumstances prior to the Closing. No Seller Party shall seek to recover any amounts in connection therewith or thereunder from the Purchaser, the Company and/or any other the Purchaser Indemnified Party (and/or any of their successor or assigns); provided , that this Section 5.4(f) shall not affect the rights of any Seller Party under this Agreement; claims related to employment prior to or after the Closing Date; or any claim or right to contribution or indemnity from the Company in connection with such person s role as an officer, director, employee, member or manager of the Company, provided that any rights to indemnification or contribution shall be available unless (and only to the extent) that any applicable Seller has been found in a judicial proceeding (which is no longer subject to appeal) not to be entitled to indemnification under applicable Law in such judicial proceeding. Each Seller Party represents to the Purchaser that such Seller Party has not assigned or transferred, or purported to assign or transfer, to any Person, all or any part of, or any interest in, any Action against the Company or the other the Purchaser Indemnified Parties, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no such assignment or transfer shall be permitted and any purported assignment or transfer shall be legally ineffective. 

(ii) Without limiting the foregoing, each Seller Party shall not (and shall cause such Seller Party s Affiliates to not) make any claim for indemnification against the Company, the other Purchaser Indemnified Parties or any of their respective Affiliates by reason of the fact that such Seller Party is or was an equityholder, director, manager, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any of its Affiliates or is or was serving at the request of the Company including in any Action brought by any Purchaser 

- 26 - 
 
 Indemnified Party against such Seller Party pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement and each Seller Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that such Seller Party shall not have any claim or right to contribution or indemnity from the Company with respect to any amounts paid by such Seller Party pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement. 

(g) Further Assurances and Post-Closing Actions . The Seller Parties and the Company shall execute and deliver such further instruments of conveyance and transfer and take such additional action as reasonably requested by the Purchaser, to consummate, confirm or evidence the transactions contemplated hereby and carry out the purposes of this Agreement. 

5.5 No Shop; Termination Fee. 

(a) From the Execution Date until the earlier of either (i) the Closing Date, or (ii) the termination of this Agreement, the Sellers shall not, and shall not authorize or permit any of its Affiliates (including the Company) or any of their respective Representatives to take any action to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, facilitate or encourage any offer or proposal or indication of interest or continue inquiries regarding an Acquisition Proposal (ii) enter into discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information to, any Person concerning a possible Acquisition Proposal; or (iii) enter into any agreements or other instruments (whether or not binding) regarding an Acquisition Proposal. The Sellers shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated, and shall cause its Affiliates (including the Company) and all of its and their respective to immediately cease and cause to be terminated, all existing discussions or negotiations with any Persons conducted heretofore with respect to, or that could lead to, an Acquisition Proposal. For purposes hereof, Acquisition Proposal shall mean any inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person (other than the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates) concerning (i) a merger, consolidation, liquidation, recapitalization, share exchange or other business combination transaction involving the Company; (ii) the issuance or acquisition of shares of capital stock or other equity securities of the Company; or (iii) the sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of any significant portion of the Company s properties or assets. 

(b) In addition to the other obligations under this Section 5.5, the Sellers shall promptly (and in any event within three Business Days after receipt thereof by any Seller or their respective Representatives) advise the Purchaser orally and in writing of any Acquisition Proposal, any request for information with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with respect to or which could reasonably be expected to result in an Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the Person making the same. 

(c) The Parties acknowledge and agree that negotiation and signing of the Agreement will require the Sellers, the Sellers Representatives and advisors, the Company and the Company Representatives and advisors to devote significant time and efforts and incur significant expenses in reviewing and analyzing the business, assets and operations of the Company. Accordingly, in the event that the Closing does not occur because of the failure of the Purchaser to pay the Purchase Price when the Sellers have fully complied with Article VI, the Purchaser shall pay the Sellers the Termination Fee which shall be allocated as provided in Appendix A . In the event that any Seller claims that the Purchaser has failed to close the transaction contemplated by this Agreement on the Closing Date, it shall give all Parties and Trethowans LLP at least three Business Days written notice. The Parties agree that the Sellers sole remedy to recover the Termination Fee shall be from the Deposit. 

ARTICLE VI 
 CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 
 
 6.1 Conditions Precedent to Obligations of the Purchaser . The obligations of the Purchaser to consummate the contemplated Transactions are subject to the fulfillment by the Company and/or the Sellers (or waiver by the Purchaser) on or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions: 

(a) Deliveries of the Sellers and the Company Made . The Sellers and the Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser at or prior to the Closing all of the documents, agreements and instruments required to be delivered by any one or more of such Persons pursuant to Section 2.5(a) of this Agreement. 

(b) Representations and Warranties Accurate. All of the Sellers representations and warranties in this Agreement and in any Transaction Document shall have been true and correct in all material respects at and as of the Execution Date, and shall be true and correct in all material respects at and as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date, except for representations and warranties which are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects. 

(c) Obligations of the Sellers and the Company Performed. The Sellers and the Company shall have duly performed, complied with and fulfilled in all material respects all of the covenants, obligations and conditions under the Transaction Documents to which each is respectively a party that are to be performed, complied with and fulfilled by the Sellers and the Company before or at the Closing, including all covenants and agreements on their part to be performed, as set forth in Article V above. 

- 27 - 
 
 (d) No Material Adverse Effect . There shall not have occurred since the Interim Balance Sheet Date any Material Adverse Effect or any event which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the business, operations, results of operations, condition, financial or otherwise, or prospects of the Company or its assets and properties. 

(e) No Legal Proceedings . Since the Execution Date, no Action shall be pending or threatened before any Governmental Authority wherein an unfavorable injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, or charge would (i) prevent consummation of any of the contemplated Transactions, (ii) cause any of the contemplated Transactions to be rescinded following the Closing or later consummation thereof, (iii) affect adversely the right of the Purchaser to own the Shares and to control the Company and its business, (iv) affect materially and adversely the right of the Company to own its assets and to operate its business or any portion thereof, or (v) be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect (and no such injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, or charge shall be in effect). 

(f) No Conflict . Neither the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to be executed and delivered at the Closing nor the consummation of the contemplated Transactions will, directly or indirectly, with or without notice or the lapse of time, contravene, conflict with, violate or cause any of the Purchaser and its Affiliates to suffer any adverse consequence under (i) any applicable Law or Governmental Order, or (ii) any proposed applicable Law or Governmental Order. 

(g) No Insolvency . The Sellers and the Company (i) are not the subject of proceedings commenced by or against the any Seller or the Company under any bankruptcy, arrangement, reorganization, insolvency or similar Laws for the relief of debtors, (ii) do not have an application pending for appointment, for the benefit of creditors, of a receiver or any other legal custodian with respect to the any of the Seller s assets or the Company s assets, (iii) have not made any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) have not admitted in writing their inability to pay their debts as they mature, or 

(v) are not otherwise unable to pay their debts when and as they become due. 
 
 (h) Evidence that Belpower Solutions Inc. has consented to the change of control of the Company contemplated by this Agreement. 

(i) Evidence that Premier Farnell UK Limited has consented to the change of control of the Company contemplated by this Agreement. 

6.2 Conditions Precedent to Obligations of the Sellers . The obligations of the Sellers to consummate the contemplated Transactions are subject to the fulfillment by the Purchaser (or waiver by the Sellers Representative) on or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions: 

(a) Deliveries of the Purchaser Made . The Purchaser shall have delivered and/or properly assigned to the Purchaser at or prior to the Closing all of the documents, agreements and instruments required to be delivered or assigned by the Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.5(b) of this Agreement. 

(b) Representations and Warranties Accurate . All of the Purchaser s representations and warranties in this Agreement and in any Transaction Document shall have been true and correct at and as of the Execution Date, and shall be true and correct at and as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects, except for representations and warranties which are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects. 

(c) Obligations of the Purchaser Performed . The Purchaser shall have duly performed, complied with and fulfilled in all respects all of the covenants, obligations and conditions under the Transaction Documents to the Purchaser is a party that are to be performed, complied with and fulfilled by the Purchaser before or at the Closing, including all covenants and agreements on the Purchaser s part to be performed, as set forth in Article V above. 

(d) No Legal Proceedings . Since the Execution Date, no Action is pending or threatened before any Governmental Authority wherein an unfavorable injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, or charge would (i) prevent consummation of any of the contemplated Transactions, (ii) cause any of the contemplated Transactions to be rescinded following the Closing or later consummation thereof, or (iii) affect adversely the right of the Purchaser to own the Shares and control the Company and its business. 

ARTICLE VII INDEMNIFICATION 
 7.1. Survival. Subject to the limitations and other provisions of this Agreement, the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and shall remain in full force and effect until the date that is 12 months from the Closing 

- 28 - 
 
 Date; provided , that the representations and warranties in (a) Section 3.01 (Organization and Authority of the Purchaser), Section 3.4 (Brokers), Section 3.6 (Sufficiency of Funds); Section 4.1 (Organization, Standing and Qualification of the Company), Section 4.2 (Authorization of Agreement, contemplated Transactions and Transaction Documents), Section 4.3 (Capitalization; Ownership of the Shares; No Encumbrances) and Section 4.27 (Brokers) shall survive for indefinitely years, and Section 4.12 (Taxes) shall survive for six years. All covenants and agreements of the parties contained herein shall survive the Closing for the period explicitly specified therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any claims asserted in good faith with reasonable specificity (to the extent known at such time) and in writing by notice from the non-breaching party to the breaching party prior to the expiration date of the applicable survival period shall not thereafter be barred by the expiration of the relevant representation or warranty and such claims shall survive until finally resolved provided that legal proceedings shall have been instituted and served within 9 months of such claim being made. 

7.2. Indemnification by the Sellers. Subject to the provisions of this Article VII, each of the Sellers hereby jointly and severally agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless each of the Purchaser Indemnified Parties from and against all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, any Purchaser Indemnified Parties based upon, arising out of, with respect to or by reason of: 

(a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of the Sellers contained in this Agreement or any Transaction Document, as of the date such representation or warranty was made or as if such representation or warranty was made on and as of the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties that expressly relate to a specified date, the inaccuracy in or breach of which will be determined with reference to such specified date); 

(b) any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement or obligation to be performed by the Sellers pursuant to this Agreement and any agreement entered into by and among the Parties on the Closing Date; or 

(c) any Indebtedness of the Company outstanding as of the Closing to the extent not deducted from the Purchase Price in the determination of the Closing Date Payment pursuant to Section 2.3(a). 

7.3. Indemnification by the Purchaser and the Guarantor. Subject to the provisions of this Article VII, the Purchaser and the Guarantor shall indemnify and defend each of the Seller Indemnified Parties from and against all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, any Seller Indemnified Party based upon, arising out of, with respect to or by reason of: 

(a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of the Purchaser or the Guarantor contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, as of the date such representation or warranty was made or as if such representation or warranty was made on and as of the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties that expressly relate to a specified date, the inaccuracy in or breach of which will be determined with reference to such specified date); or 

(b) any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement or obligation to be performed by the Purchaser or the Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement. 

7.4. Other Indemnification Arrangements. 

(a) The Purchaser Indemnified Parties and the Seller Indemnified Parties are referred to as the Indemnified Parties, and the Party obligated to provide indemnification under this Agreement is referred to the Indemnifying Parties. The Indemnified Parties agree to give to the Indemnifying Parties prompt written notice of any claim with respect to which it may be entitled to indemnity or damages hereunder (but the obligations of the Indemnifying Parties under this Section 7.4 or otherwise shall not be impaired by failure to give such notice except to the extent said failure actually causes Losses to, or prejudices the rights of the Indemnifying Parties). The Indemnified Parties shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall not be at the expense of the Indemnifying Parties if the Indemnifying Parties have assumed the defense of the action with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Parties; provided that the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Parties if (i) the employment of such counsel has been specifically authorized in writing by the Indemnifying Parties or (ii) the named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnified Parties and the Indemnifying Parties and, in the judgment of the Indemnified Parties, it is advisable for the Indemnified Parties to be represented by separate counsel at the cost of the Indemnifying Parties (in which case the Indemnifying Parties shall not have the right to assume the defense of such action on behalf of the Indemnified Parties), it being understood, however, that the Indemnifying Parties shall not, in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys for the Indemnified Parties as well as local counsel if the Indemnifying Parties select a law firm which does not maintain an office in the district or other area where the litigation is pending. 

(b) After the Indemnifying Parties written confirmation of the assumption of the defence of any such claim and its obligation to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Parties in respect thereof, the Indemnifying Parties shall not be responsible for the legal fees and expenses of counsel independently retained by the Indemnified Parties during the continuance of such assumption. The Indemnifying Parties may effect any settlement, adjustment or other compromise (collectively, Settlement of any such claim 

- 29 - 
 
 without the consent of the Indemnified Parties if the Indemnifying Parties have paid, or made adequate provision for the payment of, the amount of such Settlement and obtained a release respecting any such claims against the Indemnified Parties, as applicable, provided that before entering into any Settlement that involves any remedy other than the payment of money by the Indemnified Parties, the Indemnifying Parties shall obtain the prior written consent of the Indemnified Parties, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, denied or delayed. The Indemnified Parties may, at their election, employ counsel at its own expense in connection with the handling of any such claim. The Indemnified Parties shall have the right to enter into any Settlement of any such claim provided the Indemnified Parties shall not be entitled to any indemnification or damages hereunder in connection with the payment of any amounts pursuant to any Settlement agreed to by it unless such Settlement is consented to in writing by the Indemnifying Parties. The Parties agree to cooperate with each other in connection with the defence, negotiation or Settlement of any claim of a third party. 

(c) The Indemnified Parties shall not be entitled to claim more than once in respect of the same loss or damage. 

(d) No Indemnifying Parties shall have any liability for a claim under this Agreement unless and until such claim reaches final determination, which means: 

(i) the relevant Indemnifying Parties and the Indemnified Parties agreeing to a settlement in respect of the relevant claim or it being otherwise satisfied; or 

(ii) an order or a decree of a court of competent jurisdiction being given in proceedings in respect of a relevant claim and such order or decree being final and not, or no longer, appealable. 

(e) If any claim under this Agreement is based upon a liability that is contingent only, none of the Indemnifying Parties shall be liable to make any payment to any of the Indemnified Parties, unless and until such contingent liability becomes an actual liability and is discharged and in the case of a claim under the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, loss is proven. 

(f) Where the Indemnified Parties are at any time entitled to recover from some other Person (including an insurer) any sum in respect of any matter giving rise to a claim under this Agreement, the Indemnified Parties shall undertake all reasonable steps to enforce such recovery prior to taking any actions against the Indemnifying Parties and in the event that the Indemnified Parties shall recover any amount from such other Person the amount of the claim against an the Indemnifying Parties shall be reduced by the amount recovered less the reasonable costs incurred by the Indemnified Parties in recovering that sum from such other person. 

(g) If the Indemnifying Parties make any payment to the Indemnified Parties in relation to any claim under this Agreement and the Indemnified Parties subsequently receives from a third party any amount referable to, or any benefit which would not have been received but for the circumstances giving rise to, the subject matter of that claim, the Indemnified Parties shall, once it has received such amount or benefit, immediately repay or procure the repayment to the Indemnifying Parties of either: 

(i) the amount of such receipt (after deducting an amount equal to the reasonable costs of the Indemnified Parties incurred in recovering such receipt and any taxation payable on it); or if lesser, 
 (ii) the amount paid in respect of such claim by the Indemnifying Parties together with any interest or repayment supplement paid to the Indemnified Parties in respect of it. 
 (h) Nothing in this Section 7.4 shall in any way affect or prejudice the Indemnified Parties common law duty to mitigate its loss and each Indemnitee shall take all reasonable steps to mitigate such Damages to the extent required by applicable Law. 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Sellers and the Company shall not have any liability for (a) any breach of or inaccuracy in any representation or warranty made by Seller to the extent that Purchaser, any of its Affiliates or other Representatives had knowledge at or before the Closing of the facts as a result of which such representation or warranty was breached or inaccurate; or (b) any liability after the Closing for any breach of or failure to perform before the Closing any covenant or obligation of Seller to the extent that Purchaser, of its Affiliates or any or other Representatives had knowledge at or before the Closing of such breach or failure. 
 7.5 Maximum Liability . The aggregate liability of the Parties in respect of all claims under this Agreement will not exceed an amount equal to the Purchase Price. The aggregate liability of the Sellers under the representations and warranties contained in Article IV (excluding the representations and warranties at Articles 4.1 to 4.3 and 4.12) shall not exceed 1,000,000 plus the Earn-out Payments (if any)). 
 7.6 Basket . The Sellers will not be liable for any Losses unless the amount of the Losses exceeds 100,000 (the Basket ), in which event the Sellers shall be required to pay or be liable for all Losses as if there was no Basket. 
 7.7 Fraud. The limitations set forth in this Article VII shall not apply to the Indemnifying Parties in respect of Liabilities arising from Fraud on the part of any Indemnifying Parties or their Representatives. 
 
 - 30 - 
 
 7.8 Payments to the Purchaser; Escrow Fund. Any amounts payable to the Purchaser pursuant to this Article VII shall be satisfied: (i) from the Escrow Fund; and (ii) to the extent such amounts exceed the amount available to the Purchaser in the Escrow Fund, from the Earn-out Payments and (iii) to the extent such amounts exceed the amount available to the Purchaser in the Escrow Fund and the amount of the Earn-out Payments, if earned, from the Sellers. 
 7.9 Payment of Escrow to the Sellers. All amounts remaining in the Escrow Fund on the date 12 months after the Closing Date must be paid to the Sellers within five days of that date. 
 7.10 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments. All indemnification payments made under this Article VII shall be treated by the parties as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by Law . 
 7.11 Exclusive Remedy . The parties agree that, from and after the Closing, the sole and exclusive remedies of the parties for any Losses based upon, arising out of, or otherwise in respect of the matters set forth in this Agreement (including representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements) and the transactions contemplated hereby including any agreement entered into by and among the Parties on the Closing Date, whether based in contract, tort, equity, or law, are the indemnification and reimbursement obligations of the parties set forth in this Article 7, and for the avoidance of doubt, the Indemnified Parties expressly waive any and all rights and remedies which but for the provisions of this Section 7.11 might otherwise be available to the Indemnified Parties in connection with any Losses relating to this Agreement (including the Seller Disclosure Schedule and the certificates delivered pursuant hereto) or the transactions contemplated hereby. For avoidance of doubt, this Section 7.11 does not apply to any claims for Fraud or remedies based upon Fraud as specified in Section 7.7. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 7.11 shall not prevent or limit a cause of action under Section 5.2 to obtain an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches thereof or to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT 
 8.1. Termination. The Parties may terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing as provided in this Section 8.1. 

(a) By the mutual written consent of the Sellers Representative and the Purchaser. 

(i) By the Purchaser, by written notice to the Sellers Representative if the Sellers have breached Section 6.1: 

(i) if there has been a breach, inaccuracy in or failure to perform any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by any Seller pursuant to this Agreement that would give rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in Section 6.1 and such breach, inaccuracy or failure is incapable of being cured by November 20, 2020 (the Outside Closing Date ), or, if capable of being so cured, has not been cured by the Sellers within 10 days of the Sellers receipt of written notice of such breach, inaccuracy or failure from the Purchaser; provided, that there is not then a breach, inaccuracy in or failure to perform any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement that would give rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in Section 6.2; or 

(ii) if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1 shall not have been, or if it becomes apparent that any of such conditions will not be, fulfilled by the Outside Closing Date, unless such failure shall be due to the failure of the Purchaser to perform or comply with any of the covenants, agreements or conditions hereof to be performed or complied with by it prior to the Closing. 

(b) By the Sellers Representative, acting on behalf of the Sellers, by written notice tothe Purchaser: 

(i) if there has been a breach, inaccuracy in or failure to perform any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement that would give rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in Section 6.2 (other than the failure of the Purchaser to pay the Purchase Price within the time required by this Agreement) and such breach, inaccuracy or failure is incapable of being cured by the Outside Closing Date or, if capable of being so cured, has not been cured by the Purchaser within 10 days of the Purchaser s receipt of written notice of such breach, inaccuracy or failure from the Sellers; provided, that there is not then a breach, inaccuracy in or failure to perform any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by any Seller pursuant this Agreement that would give rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in Section 6.1; or 

(ii) if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1 shall not have been, or if it becomes apparent that any of such conditions will not be, fulfilled by the Outside Closing Date, unless such failure shall be due to the failure of any Seller to perform or comply with any of the covenants, agreements or conditions hereof to be performed or complied with by such Seller prior to the Closing. 

(c) By the Purchaser or the Sellers Representative in the event that (i) there shall be any Law that makes consummation of the contemplated Transactions illegal or otherwise prohibited; or any Governmental Authority shall have issued a 

- 31 - 
 
 Governmental Order restraining or enjoining the contemplated Transactions, and such Governmental Order shall have become final and non-appealable. 

8.2. Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 8.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of Sellers, the Company or Purchaser or their respective Affiliates; provided, however , that (i) the provisions of this Section 8.1 (Effect of Termination) and Article IX (Miscellaneous) (and all applicable defined terms used therein) shall remain in full force and effect and survive any termination of this Agreement and (ii) nothing herein shall relieve any party hereto from liability in connection with any Fraud of any of such party s representations, warranties or covenants contained herein. 

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 9.1 Entire Agreement; Amendment. 

(a) This Agreement, and the documents referred to in it, together with an agreement entered into by and among the Parties on the Closing Date constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties and supersede any previous agreements made or existing between the Parties or any of them before this Agreement and relating to the subject matter of this Agreement (all of which shall be deemed to have been terminated by mutual consent with effect from the Execution Date and the Closing Date). 

(b) Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that on entering into this Agreement, and the documents referred to herein, does not rely on, and shall have no remedy in respect of, any statement, representation, warranty or understanding (whether negligently or innocently made) of any person (whether party to this Agreement or not) other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement. 

(c) Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement no change to its terms shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by or on behalf of all of the Parties. 

9.2 Jurisdiction and Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. 

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed solely and exclusively in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. The Parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably agree that any suit or proceeding arising directly and/or indirectly pursuant to or under this Agreement shall be brought solely in a federal or state court located in New York County, New York. By its execution hereof, the Parties hereby covenant and irrevocably submit to the in personam jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in New York County, New York, in each case located in New York County, New York, and agree that any process in any such action may be served upon any of them personally, or by certified mail or registered mail upon them or their agent, return receipt requested, with the same full force and effect as if personally served upon them in New York State. The Parties hereto expressly and irrevocably waive any claim that any such jurisdiction is not a convenient forum for any such suit or proceeding and any defense or lack of in personam jurisdiction with respect thereto. In the event of any such action or proceeding, the party prevailing therein shall be entitled to payment from the other party hereto of all of its reasonable counsel fees and disbursements and the reasonable fees and disbursement of accountants and experts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain Exhibits include provisions providing for exclusive jurisdiction of disputes in the courts of England and Wales which provisions are not affected by this Section 9.2. Similarly those exclusive jurisdiction clauses do not modify this Section 9.2. 

(b) Each party acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this Agreement or the Transaction Documents is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues and, therefore, each such Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any legal action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either of the Parties hereto against the other in respect of any matter arising out or in connection with this Agreement, any Transaction Document or the contemplated Transactions. Each Party to this Agreement certifies and acknowledges that (i) no representative of any other Party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not seek to enforce the foregoing waiver in the event of a legal action, (ii) such Party has considered the implications of this waiver, (iii) such Party makes this waiver voluntarily, and (iv) such party has been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section 9.2(b). 

9.3 Severability . In the event that any provision hereof would, under applicable law, be invalid or unenforceable in any respect (a) such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law, and (b) the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 

- 32 - 
 
 9.4 Expenses . Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its own advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of the this Agreement and the Transaction Documents. The Sellers hereby acknowledge and agree that they shall be jointly and severally responsible for any and all legal and auditing fees that the Company or the Sellers incur in connection with this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the contemplated Transactions, all of which shall be paid by the Sellers on or before Closing. 

9.5 Notices . All notices, offers, acceptance and any other acts under this Agreement (except payment) shall be in writing, and shall be sufficiently given if delivered to the addressees in person, by Federal Express or similar overnight next business day delivery, or by email delivery followed by overnight next business day delivery, as follows: 

If to the Purchaser, to: 
 Gresham Worldwide, Inc. 7960 East Camelback Road, Suite 511 Scottsdale, AZ 85250 Attention: Jonathan Read, CEO Email: jread@greshamww.com 

With a copy to: (which shall not constitute notice) 
 Nason, Yeager, Gerson, Harris Fumero, P.A. 3001 PGA Boulevard, Suite 305 Palm Beach garden, FL 33410 Attention: Michael D. Harris, Esq. Email: mharris@nasonyeager.com 

Trethowans LLP, The Pavilion, Botleigh Grange Business Park, Hedge End, Southampton SO30 2AF Attention: Mike Watson, // Jonathan Sherman Email: Mike.Watson@trethowans.com and Jonathan.Sherman@trethowans.com 

If to any Seller, 
 Peter Christopher Lappin, Sellers Representative 

then to Sellers then Representative: 
 Taylor s Farm Wimborne Road, Lytchett Matravers, Poole, Dorset BH16 6HQ Email: Peter.Lappin@relec.co.uk 

With a copy to: (which shall not constitute notice) 
 Clarke Willmott LLP Burlington House, Botleigh Grange Business Park, Hedge End, Southampton SO30 2AF Attention: Kelvin Balmont Email: kelvin.balmont@clarkewillmott.com 

or to such other address as any of them, by notice to the other may designate from time to time. Time shall be counted from the date of transmission. 
 
 The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Section 9.5 shall not apply to the service of process of any proceedings or other documents in any legal Action. 
 
 9.6 Further Assurances. At its own expense, each Party shall, and shall use all reasonable endeavors to procure that any necessary third party shall, promptly execute and deliver such documents and perform such acts as may reasonably be required for the purpose of giving full effect to this Agreement and the contemplated Transactions. 

9.7 Payment Currency. All payments due to the Sellers or the Escrow Agent under this Agreement and any Transaction Document shall be payable in British pounds sterling, except for reimbursement of the Sellers United States counsel fees, the Deposit and the Termination Fee, which are payable in United States dollars. Such payments shall be without deduction of exchange, collection, or other charges. 

- 33 - 
 
 9.8 Appointment of the Sellers Representative. 

(a) Each of Stone and Smith hereby appoint and designate the Sellers Representative as their representative to act on behalf of each such Seller for certain purposes, as specified in this Section 9.9. Stone and Smith hereby grant to the Sellers Representative such powers and authority as are necessary to carry out the following functions as the representative of each such Seller: (i) to give and receive notices on behalf of each such Seller, (ii) to administer and resolve any claims arising under this Agreement, and (iii) to take such other actions on behalf of the Sellers as are contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or otherwise deemed necessary or advisable by the Sellers Representative in furtherance of the contemplated Transactions. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.9 shall be deemed to expand or alter the joint and several nature of the indemnification obligations of the Sellers pursuant to Article VII hereof. The Purchaser and any Purchaser Indemnified Party (A) shall be entitled to rely on any action or decision of the Sellers Representative hereunder and (B) shall have no liability to any Seller for any actions taken pursuant to instructions within the authority of the Sellers Representative. The appointment of the Sellers Representative as the representative of the Sellers will be deemed coupled with an interest, and the Purchaser and any other Person may conclusively and absolutely rely, without inquiry, upon any actions of the Sellers Representative as the actions of the Sellers hereunder in all matters referred to in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which such Seller is a party. All that the Sellers Representative will do or cause to be done by virtue of his appointment as the representative of the Sellers pursuant to this Section 9.9 is hereby ratified and confirmed by each of the Sellers. 

(b) In performing the functions specified in this Agreement, the Sellers Representative shall not be liable to any Seller in the absence of gross negligence, willful misconduct or Fraud on the part of the Sellers Representative, provided, that no such limitation shall apply to any damages owed to the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates. Each Seller shall severally (based on such Seller s respective percentage ownership of the Company as forth in Appendix A ), and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Sellers Representative from and against any loss, liability or expense incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or Fraud on the part of the Sellers Representative and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of his, her or its duties hereunder, including any out-of- pocket costs and expenses and legal fees and other legal costs reasonably incurred by the Sellers Representative (the Sellers Representative s Expenses ). No Party other than the Sellers shall have any liability for the Sellers Representative s Expenses. 

9.9 Guaranty . For the avoidance of any doubt, the Parties acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the Guarantor guarantees all the payment obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement including the Earn-out Payments and the Post Closing Adjustment to the extent provided for in this Agreement. Notwithstanding such guaranty, the Guarantor shall have all of the rights the Purchaser has against the Sellers and be entitled to assert any defenses against the Sellers which the Purchaser has against them. If the Purchaser fails to discharge its guaranteed obligations when due, the guaranteed parties may at any time and from time to time and so long as the Purchaser has failed to discharge the guaranteed obligations, take any and all actions available hereunder or under applicable law to collect the Guarantor s liabilities hereunder in respect of such guaranteed obligations. The Guarantor s liability hereunder is absolute, unconditional, irrevocable and continuing. This is a guarantee of payment and not of collection, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against the Guarantor to enforce this guarantee, irrespective of whether any action is brought against the Purchaser or whether the Purchaser is joined in any such action or actions. 

9.10 Miscellaneous Provisions. 

(a) Fees and Expenses . Subject to Article VII and Section 9.2(a), each Party will bear all fees and expenses (including financial advisors , attorneys , accountants and other professional fees and expenses) incurred by such Party in connection with, arising from or relating to the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents and consummation of the contemplated Transactions except that the Purchaser shall pay the Sellers U.S legal fees up to a maximum amount of 10,000 in United States currency. 

(b) Time; Time of the Essence . References to times of day are, unless the context otherwise requires, to New York, NY (GMT + 5) and references to a day are to a period of 24 hours running from midnight on the previous day. Time is of the essence for the times, dates and periods set forth in this Agreement. 

(c) Waiver . Any Party may waive compliance by another with any of the provisions of this Agreement provided that (i) no waiver of any provision shall be construed as a waiver of any other provision, (ii) any waiver must be in writing and shall be strictly construed, and (iii) a waiver in any one instance shall not be deemed a waiver in any subsequent instance. 

(d) Third Party Beneficiates; Assignment . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Except as may otherwise be set forth in this Agreement (including as contemplated by Section 5.4(e), Article VII, and Section 9.11(j)) the provisions of this Agreement (i) are for the sole benefit of the Parties, and (ii) shall not create or be deemed to create any third party beneficiary rights in any Person not a party to this Agreement and consequently no term of this Agreement (or any of the Exhibits thereto) is enforceable pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 

- 34 - 
 
 Act 1999 by any person who is not a party to it. No assignment of this Agreement or of any rights or obligations hereunder, and no declaration of trust in respect of any such rights or the benefit of this Agreement, may be made by any Party (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other Parties and any attempted assignment or declaration of trust without the required consent shall be void; provided, that (i) no such consent shall be required for the Purchaser to assign part or all of its rights under this Agreement to one or more of its Affiliates, but no such assignment shall relieve the Purchaser of any of its obligations under this Agreement as a primary obligor and (ii) the Purchaser shall have the right, without consent, to assign this Agreement and any agreements or other documents relating hereto, as collateral security for the Purchaser s obligations to its lenders, and such lenders shall have the right, without consent, to assign their rights in and to this Agreement and any such agreements, certificates or other documents, to any purchaser or assignee of such lender s rights, whether by foreclosure or otherwise, but no such assignment shall relieve the Purchaser of any of its obligations under this Agreement as a primary obligor or foreclose any defenses or rights the Sellers may have. The Purchaser shall give the Sellers prior notice of any assignment. 

(e) References . The headings of Articles, Sections and Exhibits are provided for convenience only and will not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. Unless otherwise provided, references to Article(s) , Section(s) , Exhibit(s) and Schedules refer to the corresponding article(s), section(s), exhibit(s) and schedule(s) of or to this Agreement. Unless otherwise provided, references to Schedule(s) refer to the corresponding Schedule(s) of the Disclosure Schedule. The Recitals, each Exhibit and the Disclosure Schedules are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement by reference. Reference to a statute refers to the statute, any amendments or successor legislation and all rules and regulations promulgated under or implementing the statute, as in effect at the relevant time. Reference to a contract, instrument or other document as of a given date means the contract, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time through such date. 

(f) Construction . Each Party participated in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement, assisted by such legal and tax counsel as it desired, and contributed to its revisions. Any ambiguities with respect to any provision of this Agreement will be construed fairly as to all Parties and not in favor of or against any Party. All pronouns and any variation thereof will be construed to refer to such gender and number as the identity of the subject may require. The terms include and including indicate examples of a predicate word or clause and not a limitation on that word or clause. 

(g) Counterparts . This agreement and each Transaction Document may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute a duplicate original, but all the counterparts shall together constitute the one agreement. Transmission of the executed signature page of a counterpart of this Agreement or any Transaction Document by (a) fax or (b) email (in PDF, JPEG or other electronic format) shall take effect as the transmission of an executed by handwritten signature counterpart of this Agreement and any Transaction Document. If either method of transmission is adopted, without prejudice to the validity of the Agreement thus made, each Party shall on request provide the others with the hard copy originals of their counterpart with handwritten signature. No counterpart shall be effective until each party has delivered to the others at least one executed counterpart. 

(h) No Recourse . Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement or any agreement or document delivered contemporaneously herewith, each Seller Party, by such Seller Party s acceptance of the benefits of this Agreement, agrees and acknowledges that, in respect of the Purchaser s obligations hereunder, no Person other than the Purchaser and the Guarantor solely as limited by Section 9.9 and Exhibit A (and its successors and assigns, collectively, the Recourse Parties shall have any obligation hereunder and that no Seller Party has any rights of recovery hereunder against, or any recourse hereunder or under any agreement or document delivered contemporaneously herewith or in respect of any oral representations made or alleged to be made in connection herewith or therewith against, (a) any former, current or future director, officer, shareholder, employee, representative or agent of the Purchaser (or any successor or assignee thereof) or (b) any former, current or future manager, member, partner, stockholder, director, trustee, officer, employee, representative or agent of any shareholder, officer or director of the Purchaser or any Affiliate of such shareholder, officer or director (each, a Party Affiliate ), whether by or through attempted piercing of the corporate veil, by or through a claim (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) by or on behalf of the Purchaser against the Party Affiliates, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable Action, or by virtue of any Law or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and acknowledged that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any Party Affiliate, as such, for any obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, under any documents or instruments delivered contemporaneously herewith, in respect of any oral representations made or alleged to be made in connection herewith or therewith, or for any claim (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any Action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement, may only be brought against, the Parties and then only with respect to the specific obligations set forth herein with respect to such Party. Each Party Affiliate is expressly intended as a third-party beneficiary of this Section 9.10(h). 

(i) Definition of Material . Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, material means an amount involving at least 25,000 to the extent any damages can be quantifiable. 

[Signature page follows] 

- 35 - 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement effective as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date. 

PURCHASER: 

TABARD HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jonathan Read 

Name: 
 Jonathan Read 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

SELLERS: 

By: 

Name: 
 Peter Christopher Lappin, individually 

By: 

Name: 
 John Alfred Stone, individually 

By: 

Name: 
 Jonathan Mark Smith, individually 

SELLERS REPRESENTATIVE: 

By: 

Name: 
 Peter Christopher Lappin 

Title: 
 
 Sellers Representative 

With respect to Article III and Section 9 only: 

GUARANTOR: 

Gresham Worldwide, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Jonathan Read 

Name: 
 Jonathan Read 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

JOINDER 
 THE UNDERSIGNED, Gresham Worldwide, lnc., a Delaware corporation, being the sole shareholder of Purchaser, hereby joins in the execution and delivery of this Agreement, effective as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date, other than as set forth immediately above, solely for the purpose of acknowledging its understanding and agreement that it shall be jointly liable with Purchaser (as a surety and not as a primary obligor), with respect to each payment and indemnification obligation of Purchaser set forth in this Agreement. 

- 36 - 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement effective as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date. 

PURCHASER: 

TABARD HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Jonathan Read 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

SELLERS: 

By: 
 /s/ Peter Christopher Lappin 

Name: 
 Peter Christopher Lappin, individually 

By: 

Name: 
 John Alfred Stone, individually 

By: 
 /s/ Jonathan Mark Smith 

Name: 
 Jonathan Mark Smith, individually 

SELLERS REPRESENTATIVE: 

By: 
 /s/ Peter Christopher Lappin 

Name: 
 Peter Christopher Lappin 

Title: 
 
 Sellers Representative 

With respect to Article III and Section 9 only: 

GUARANTOR: 

Gresham Worldwide, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Jonathan Read 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

JOINDER 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED, Gresham Worldwide, Inc., a Delaware corporation, being the sole shareholder of Purchaser, hereby joins in the execution and delivery of this Agreement, effective as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date, other than as set forth immediately above, solely for the purpose of acknowledging its understanding and agreement that it shall be jointly liable with Purchaser (as a surety and not as a primary obligor), with respect to each payment and indemnification obligation of Purchaser set forth in this Agreement. 

- 37 - 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement effective as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date. 

PURCHASER: 

TABARD HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Jonathan Read 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

SELLERS: 

By: 

Name: 
 Peter Christopher Lappin, individually 

By: 
 /s/ John Alfred Stone 

Name: 
 John Alfred Stone, individually 

By: 

Name: 
 Jonathan Mark Smith, individually 

SELLERS REPRESENTATIVE: 

By: 

Name: 
 Peter Christopher Lappin 

Title: 
 
 Sellers Representative 

With respect to Article III and Section 9 only: 

GUARANTOR: 

Gresham Worldwide, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Jonathan Read 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

JOINDER 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED, Gresham Worldwide, Inc., a Delaware corporation, being the sole shareholder of Purchaser, hereby joins in the execution and delivery of this Agreement, effective as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date, other than as set forth immediately above, solely for the purpose of acknowledging its understanding and agreement that it shall be jointly liable with Purchaser (as a surety and not as a primary obligor), with respect to each payment and indemnification obligation of Purchaser set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 - 38 - 
 
 APPENDIX B 
 REAL PROPERTY 
 1. All that leasehold property known as Justin Business Park, Sandford Lane, Wareham and registered at the Land Registry under Title Number: DT228920; and 

2. All that leasehold property known as Building 100, Units 1, 2 and 3 Justin Business Park, Sandford Lane, Wareham, BH20 4DY, pursuant to a sub-underlease dated 22 July 2020 and made between TP Trustees Limited, Peter Christopher Lappin John Alfred Stone (1) and the Company (2) (a copy of which is annexed at Exhibit E) 

Appendix B 
 
 - 39 - 

</EX-10.56>

<EX-10.57>
 22
 giga-ex10_57.htm
 EX-10.57

EX-10.57 

Exhibit 10.57 
 
 1 Annick Conway Subject: FW: subsequent event items From: Will Horne Date: Sunday, November 20, 2022 at 10:10 AM To: Lutz Henckels , J Read , Rishi Mehta Cc: Ken Cragun , David Katzoff , Jean Ho Subject: RE: subsequent event items Lutz, I confirm that Ault Lending agreed to extend the 1.3 million loan to February 14, 2023. David or Jean, please provide the requested information to Lutz/Marcum. Will Horne Chief Executive Officer BitNile Holdings, Inc. (949) 374-5699 (206) 769-6000 will@Bitnile.com www.bitnile.com 11411 Southern Highlands Pkwy, Suite 240 Las Vegas NV 89141 NOTICE The information contained in this communication is confidential, which is intended only for use of the recipient. If the reader of this communication is not the intended recipient (or the agent or employee responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. Thank you. v022322 

</EX-10.57>

<EX-10.58>
 23
 giga-ex10_58.htm
 EX-10.58

EX-10.58 

Exhibit 10.58 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 4 , 462,925.67 
 January 1, 2020 the Issuance Date 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED , the undersigned Microphase Corporation , a Delaware corporation, maintaining an address at 100 Trap Falls Extension , Suite 400, Shelton , CT 06484 (hereinafter sometimes called the Maker promises to pay , on or before December 31, 2021 (the Maturity Date ), to Digital Power Lending , LLC., a California limited liability company with an address at 201 Shipyard Way , Suite E , Newport Beach , CA 92663 , or its assigns (hereinafter called the Lender ), the sum of Four Million Four Hundred Sixty - two Thousand Nine Hundred Twenty five Dollars and Sixty-seven Cents 4 , 462 , 925 . 67) or any portion then outstanding at the Maturity Date, with principal and interest payable as set forth below . Reference is made to that various 10 Promissory Notes (the Spartan Notes , dated from December 7, 2016, to December 23 , 2016, issued by the Maker and acquired by the Lender in the principal amount of Nine Hundred Forty Thousand Three Hundred Twenty - three Dollars and Two Cents 940,323 . 02), that certain Promissory Note (the Lucosky Note , dated June 2 , 2017 , issued by the Maker and acquired by the Lender in the principal amount of Four Hundred Seventy Thousand Nine Hundred Dollars 470,900 . 00) , that certain which became due and payable on or before April 14 , 2020 . 
 The Maker acknowledges that this Amended and Restated Original Issue Discount Promissory Note (this Note has been issued at an original issue discount in the amount of Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars 7,500). The interest rate payable on this Note shall be eight percent (8 per annum, payable monthly . 
 This Note shall amend and restate the Original Note and shall serve as a replacement for the Original Note and the indebtedness which was previously evidenced by the Original Note . In addition to the sums currently due and owing under the Original Note , by their signature hereto , the parties acknowledge the Maker shall pay to the Lender an extension fee in the amount of Five Thousand Seven Hundred Fifty Dollars 5,750 . 00) on or before the Matur i ty Date . No additional proceeds are required to be funded at this t i me . 
 If an y repayment to be made hereunder , whether interest, principal or both , shall not be paid within thirty (30) days after the same shall be due, then in addition to interest and without limiting the Lender ' s rights by reason of such default (an Event of Default ), there shall be paid as liquidated damages , upon written notice , five (5 percent of such repayment or installment to cover the extra expense in handling delinquent payments . All grace periods provided in this Note shall run concurrently . 
 The undersigned will pay all costs and expenses of collection , including reasonable attorneys' fees actually incurred or paid by the Lender in enforcing this Note or the obligations hereby evidenced , to the extent permitted by law. 
 No delay or omission of the holder in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver of any such right or remedy. Acceptance by the Lender of any payment after acceleration of the Maturity Date shall not be deemed a waiver of such acceleration of the Maturity Date . A waiver on one occasion shall not operate as a bar to or waiver of any such right or remedy on any future occasion . 
 The Lender need not enter payments of principal or interest upon this Note but may maintain a record thereof on a separate ledger maintained by the Lender. 
 This note may be tendered as payment by the Lender for any securities issued by the Maker. 
 The word holder as used in this Note, shall mean the payee or endorsee of the Note who is in possession of it or the bearer if this Note is at the time payable to bearer. 
 If any provision of this Note is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction , such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to be enforceable, or if such modification is not practicable , such provision shall be deemed deleted from this Note , and the other provisions of this Note shall remain in full force and effect , and shall be construed in favor of holder. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph , it is the 
 
 express intention of Maker and holder to conform strictly to any applicable usury laws. Accordingly, all agreements between Maker and holder, whether now existing or hereafter arising, and whether written or oral , are hereby expressly limited so that in no contingency or event whatsoever , whether by reason of acceleration of the Maturity Date of this Note or otherwise, shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to Lender or the holder of this Note for the use , forbearance or detention of the money loaned pursuant hereto or otherwise , or for the payment or performance of any covenant or obligation contained herein or in any other document executed in connection herewith , exceed the maximum amount permissible under applicable law. If , from any circumstance or contingency whatsoever, fulfillment of any provision hereof or of any other document executed in connection herewith, at the time performance of such provision shall be due, shall involve transcending the limit of validity prescribed by law, then, ipso facto, the obligation to be fulfilled shall be reduced to the limit of such validity, and if from any such circumstance or contingency holder shall ever receive as interest or otherwise an amount which would exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted by applicable law, the amount of such excess shall be applied to a reduction of the indebtedness evidenced by this Note, and not to the payment of interest, and if such excessive interest exceeds such indebtedness , the amount of such excessive interest shall be refunded to Maker. If at any time this Note prescribes a rate of interest in excess of the maximum rate permitted by law , all sums paid or agreed to be paid to holder for the use, forbearance or detention of the money loaned pursuant to this Note shall be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full term of such indebtedness until payment in full , so that the actual rate of interest on account of such indebtedness is uniform throughout the term hereof. 
 All notices, demands, requests , consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail , registered or certified , return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (i i i) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine , at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) , or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address , or upon actual receipt of such mailing , whichever shall first occur. 
 This Note shall be governed by and construed solely and exclusively in accordanc e with the internal laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. The parties hereto hereby expressly and irrevocably agree that any suit or proceeding arising directly and / or indirectly pursuant to or under this Note shall be brought solely in a federal or state court located in the City, County and State of New York. By its execution hereof , in the case of Maker, or acceptance, in the case of Lender, the parties hereby covenant and irrevocably submit to the in personam jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the City, County and State of New York and agree that any process in any such action may be served upon any of them personally, or by certified mail or registered mail upon them or their agent , return receipt requested , with the same full force and effect as if personally served upon them in New York City . The parties hereto expressly and irrevocably waive any claim that any such jurisdiction is not a convenient forum for any such suit or proceeding and any defense or lack of in personam jurisdiction with respect thereto . In the event of any such action or proceeding, the party prevailing therein shall be entitled to payment from the other party hereto of all of its reasonable counsel fees and disbursements. This Note shall be deemed an unconditional obligation of Maker for the payment of money and, without limitation to any other remedies of Holder , may be enforced against Maker by summary proceeding pursuant to New York Civil Procedure Law and Rules Section 3213 or any similar rule or statute in the jurisdiction where enforcement is sought. For purposes of such rule or statute, any other document or agreement to which Holder and Maker are parties or which Maker delivered to Holder , which may be convenient or necessary to determine Holder ' s rights hereunder or Maker's obligations to Holder are deemed a part of this Note, whether or not such other document or agreement was delivered together herewith or was executed apart from this Note. 
 [REST OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK] 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Maker has duly executed this Note as a sealed instrument as of the date and year first above written. 

DIGITAL POWER LENDING 

By: 
 
 /s/ David J. Katzoff 

Name: 
 
 David J. Katzoff 

Title: 
 
 Manager 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

Tim Long 

</EX-10.58>

<EX-19.1>
 24
 giga-ex19_1.htm
 EX-19.1

EX-19.1 

Exhibit 19.1		 
 GIGA-TRONICS INCORPORATED CORPORATE POLICY 
 
 Title: Insider Trading	Issue Date: 02/26/2019 
 
 Page 1 of 2 
 
 This insider trading policy applies to employees , officers and directors of Giga-tronics Incorporated and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company , including their family members. 
 
 Some portions of the policy apply only to officers and directors and persons deemed to be Insiders. 
 
 Failure to comply may be a violation of federal securities laws. It can also result in civil actions brought by private plaintiffs or the Securities and Exchange Commission to seek economic recovery and penalties . 
 
 Definitions 
 
 Insider 
 
 Officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries are considered Insiders at all times . 
 
 Any other employee may be an Insider if designated by the Company's Chief Financial Officer because he/she possesses or has access to material information concerning the Company that has not been fully disclosed to the public . 
 
 Material Information 
 
 Information is material if it could to any extent be considered important to an investor in making a decision to purchase or sell the Company's securities. Any information that could be expected to affect the market price of the Company's securities , whether such information is positive or negative, should be considered material. This includes, but is by no means limited to : 
 
 Financial results; 
 0 Projections of future earnings or losses ; 
 0 News of a pending or proposed merger , acquisition or tender offer ; 
 0 News of a pending or proposed acquisition or disposition of sign i ficant assets; 
 0 Actions of regulatory agencies; 
 0 News of a pending or proposed acquisition or disposition of a subsidiary; 
 0 Impending bankruptcy or financial liquidity problems ; 
 0 Gain or loss of a significant customer or supplier; 
 0 Significant energy generation or supply problems; 
 0 Significant pricing changes; 
 0 Stock splits and stock repurchase programs; 
 0 New equity or debt offerings ; 
 0 Significant litigation exposure due to actual or threatened litigation; and 
 Changes in senior management. 

Material Nonpublic Information 
 
 - 1 - 
 SMRH : 489218765 . 2 
 
 Material Nonpublic Information is material information that has not been previously disclosed to the general public through a press release or securities filings and is otherwise not available to the general public. For 
 purposes of this policy, information will be considered public (i.e., no longer nonpublic after the close of trading on the second full trading day following the Company's widespread public release of the information. 
 
 Blackout Periods 
 
 To ensure compliance with this policy and applicable federal securities laws, and to avoid even the appearance of trading on the basis of Material Nonpublic Information, this policy prohibits officers and directors and any other employees of the Company designated as Insiders by the Company's Chief Financial Officer from conducting transactions involving the purchase or sale of the Company's securities during a Blackout Period. 
 
 There are regular quarterly Blackout Periods . In addition, there may be special Blackout Periods from time to time. 
 
 The regular quarterly Blackout Period begins on the tenth calendar day of the third fiscal month of each of the first three fiscal quarters (i.e. June 10, September 10 and December 10) and beginning on the first calendar day of the third fiscal month of the fourth fiscal quarter (i.e. March 1) and, in each case, ends at the close of business on the second trading day following the date of public disclosure of the financial results for such fiscal quarter (which is generally 30 to 75 days after the end of such quarter). If such public disclosure occurs on a trading day before the markets close, then that day shall be considered the first trading day. If such public disclosure occurs after the markets close on a trading day, then the date of public disclosure shall not be considered the first trading day following the date of public disclosure. 
 
 In addition to regular quarterly Blackout Periods, the Company may announce special Blackout Periods from time to time. Typically, this will occur when there are nonpublic developments that would be considered material for insider trading law purposes. Depending on the circumstances, a special Blackout Period may apply to all Designated Insiders or only a specific group of Insiders. The Company's Chief Financial Officer will communicate to Designated Insiders subject to a special Blackout Period. Any person made aware of the existence of a special Blackout Period should not disclose the existence of the Blackout Period to any other person . 
 
 The failure of the Company to designate a person as being subject to a special Blackout Period will not relieve that person of the obligation not to trade while aware of Material Nonpublic Information. Each person is individually responsible at all times for compliance with the prohibitions against insider trading. 
 
 Applicability 
 
 This policy applies to all transactions in the Company's securities stock by the Company's employees, officers and directors and members of their immediate families. 
 
 Policy 
 
 No trading while in possession of nonpublic material information regarding the Company. 
 
 Persons subject to this policy may not trade or effectuate transactions in Company securities while possessing Material Nonpublic Information concerning the Company. 
 
 If a person subject to this policy knows any material information concerning the Company that has not been disclosed to the public, he or she must refrain from buying and selling, and must refrain from advising others to buy or sell, the Company's securities until the second trading day after public disclosure of such information. 

- 2 - 
 SMRH : 489218765 . 2 
 
 There are almost no exceptions to the proh i bition against trading while in possession of Material Nonpublic Information. It doesn't matter that a transaction was planned or committed to before the Insider came into possession of the material information . The size of the transaction is of no consequence . 
 
 No Disclosure of Material Nonpublic Information 
 
 Persons subject to this policy are prohibited from tipping or disclosing Material Nonpublic Information concerning the Company to any outside person . In any instance in which such information is disclosed to outsiders, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve the confidentiality of the information, including requiring the outsider to agree in writing to comply with the terms of this policy and/or to sign a confidentiality agreement. All inquiries from outsiders regarding Material Nonpublic Information about the Company must be forwarded to the Chief Financial Officer and no other Insider should attempt to respond to those inquiries . 
 
 Blackout Periods for Officers, Directors and Others Deemed Insiders 
 
 Officers, directors and other Insiders are subject to the additional restriction that they may not trade during a Blackout Period . They may engage in a transaction in the company's securities only during a period after the close of business on the second day after the company's financial results for the particular period have been published by the national wire services and ending at the close of business on the tenth day of the third calendar month of any fiscal quarter - provided additionally that during this period , they are not subject to the constraints of the preceding paragraph. 
 
 An officer, director or other Insider may, however, exercise a stock option with cash during a Blackout Period and may elect to have the Company withhold shares subject to an option to satisfy tax withholding requirements . Any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option is prohibited during a Blackout Period , however . An officer, director or other Insider is also permitted make bona fide gifts of securities of the Company during a blackout period . 
 
 No Hedging by Insiders 
 
 No Insider may trade in any i nterest or position relating to the future price of Company securities, such as a put , call or short sale. 
 
 Officers and Directors Must Report Their Transactions 
 
 Directors and executive officers must also report their shareholdings when they first become a director, officer or 10 shareholder (on SEC Form 3) and whenever they acquire, dispose of or change the form of their beneficial ownership of Company shares (on SEC Form 4) . Certain transactions not reported currently on Form 4 must be reported annually 45 days after the end of Giga-tronics fiscal year on Form 5. The deadline for filing Form 4 is the second business day after the date on which the transaction occurs . In order to facilitate compliance, all directors and officers contemplating a transaction of any kind in Company stock should consult with the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer in advance of the transaction to confirm the absence of any restriction on the proposed transaction and to confirm the person's intent and ability to make the required filing on a timely basis . 

Pre-Clearing Trades 
 
 Any Insider planning to buy or sell or effect any transaction in the Company's securities must advise the Chief Financial Officer of the Company of such intent at least three days before the contemplated transaction and seek pre - approval. 

- 3 - 
 SMRH : 489218765 . 2 
 
 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 SEC Rule 1 0b5-1 provides a defense from insider trading liability if a person enters into a 10b5-1 plan for trading in securities that meets the requirements of the rule. 
 
 Persons subject to this policy are permitted to enter into 10b5-1 plans with respect to Company securities. In general, a person may only enter into a 10b5-1 plan when he or she is not aware of Material Nonpublic Information and only outside of a Blackout Period (if applicable), though 10b5-1 plan transactions are permitted during a Blackout Period. In addition, the Chief Financial Officer must approve the 10b5-1 plan before the person enters into the plan. Officers, directors and employees are encouraged to submit plans for approval as early as possible. 
 
 Once the plan is adopted, the person must not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they are to be traded or the date of the trade. The plan must either specify the amount, pricing and timing of transactions in advance or delegate discretion on these matters to an independent third party . 
 
 Hardship Exceptions to Blackout Period 
 
 Upon the request of an Insider, the Board of Directors or its audit committee may, on a case-by-case basis, authorize an Insider to conduct a transaction in Company securities during Blackout Period due to financial hardship or other hardships only after (1) the Insider proposing to effectuate such trade or other transaction has notified the Board of Directors or its audit committee in writing of the hardship and the number or amount of the Company securities proposed to be traded and the nature of the proposed trade or other transaction and (2) the Insider proposing to effectuate such trade or other transaction has certified to the Board of Directors or its audit committee in writing no earlier than two (2) business days prior to the proposed trade or other transaction that (i) he or she is not in possession of Material Nonpublic Information concerning the Company and (ii) the proposed trade or other transaction does not violate the trading restrictions of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Rule 144 under of the Securities Act of 1933. 

If there is any uncertainty with respect to interpretation of the foregoing, consult the Chief Financial Officer of the Company before taking any action. 
 
 /s/John R. Regazzi 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date: March 11, 2019 
 
 - 4 - 
 SMRH : 489218765 . 2 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-23.1>
 25
 giga-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Registration Statement of Giga-tronics, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-233681, and No. 333-259087) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-250980, File No. 260618, File No. 333-262350 and File No. 333-269364) of our report dated April 17, 2022, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Giga-tronics, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Giga-tronics, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. We also consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Experts . 

/s/ Marcum llp 
 
 New York, NY 
 May 11, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 26
 giga-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jonathan Read, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) of Giga-tronics, Inc., a California corporation (the Registrant ), certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

May 11, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ JONATHAN READ 

Jonathan Read, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 27
 giga-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Lutz Henckels, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) of Giga-tronics, Inc., a California corporation (the Registrant ), certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 11, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ LUTZ P. HENCKELS 

Lutz P. Henckels, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 28
 giga-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Giga-tronics, Incorporated, a California Corporation (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, the undersigned, being, Jonathan Read, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge, respectively that: 
 1. The annual report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: May 11, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ JONATHAN READ 

Jonathan Read, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

In connection with the annual report of the Registrant on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, the undersigned, being, Lutz P. Henckels, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge, respectively that: 
 3. The annual report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

4. The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: May 11, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ LUTZ P. HENCKELS 

Lutz P. Henckels, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 43
 giga-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 44
 giga-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 45
 giga-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 46
 giga-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 47
 giga-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

