<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230614_10-K_edgar_data_1304492_0001304492-23-000030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11978339</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>320625</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3409762</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3010151</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2721223</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2364280</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001304492-23-000030.hdr.sgml : 20230614
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230614071404
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001304492-23-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230614
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230614

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Anterix Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001304492
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				330745043
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36827
		FILM NUMBER:		231012998

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 GARRET MOUNTAIN PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			WOODLAND PARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07424
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(973) 771-0300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 GARRET MOUNTAIN PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			WOODLAND PARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07424

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	pdvWireless, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pacific DataVision, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140616

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pacific Data Vision
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040928

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001304492-23-000030.txt : 20230614

10-K
 1
 atex-20230331.htm
 10-K

atex-20230331 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________________________________ 
 (Mark one) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 ______________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ______________________________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 
 (Nasdaq Capital Market) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on the attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements 
 of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting common and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing stock price of its common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on September 30, 2022 (the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . For purposes of this computation only, all executive officers, directors and 10 or greater stockholders have been deemed affiliates of the registrant. 
 
 As of June 09, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Anterix Inc. 
 FORM 10-K 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 39 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 40 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 41 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 42 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 42 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 42 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 42 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 45 
 SIGNATURES 
 46 

Glossary of Selected Terms 
 Unless otherwise noted or indicated by context, the following selected terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have the following meanings: 
 4G: 4th generation of long-term evolution of radio system architecture. 
 5G: 5th generation of long-term evolution of radio system architecture. 
 240 Channels: Equals 6 MHz of 900 MHz spectrum whether the individual 25 kHz channels are scattered throughout the 5 x 5 or 10 MHz 900 MHz band or are contained within the contiguous 3 x 3 or 6 MHz broadband segment created by the Report and Order. 
 3 x 3 or 6 MHz: The broadband segment of the 900 MHz band (897.5 - 900.5 / 936.5 - 939.5) is authorized for a total of 6 MHz of spectrum, with 3 MHz designated for uplink transmissions and 3 MHz for downlink transmissions. 
 5 x 5 or 10 MHz: The 900 MHz band (896 - 901 / 935 - 940) is authorized for a total of 10 MHz of spectrum, with 5 MHz designated for uplink transmissions and 5 MHz for downlink transmissions. 
 600 MHz Auction: The Federal Communications Commission s (the FCC 2016 incentive auction in which licensees of television broadcast channels were incentivized to relinquish their spectrum for defined payments so the spectrum could be repurposed for licensed wireless services. 
 900 MHz: The 900 MHz band frequency ranges between 896 - 901 / 935 - 940. 
 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum: The 900 MHz band authorized for broadband (897.5 - 900.5 / 936.5 - 939.5). 
 Anti-Windfall Payment: A payment to the U.S. Treasury from a 900 MHz broadband applicant for any full or fractional MHz less than six MHz if the applicant relinquishes less than 6 MHz (or 240 channels) of spectrum with the amount of the payment based on the per MHz-pop 600 MHz Auction prices for the Partial Economic Area in which the county applied for by the broadband applicant is included. 
 B/ILT: Systems operated by, or spectrum licensed for, private land mobile use by business users. 
 Complex System: As defined in the Report and Order, a Covered Incumbent s system that consisted of 45 or more functionally integrated sites as of August 17, 2020, when the new rules became effective. 
 Covered Incumbent: Any 900 MHz site-based licensee in the broadband segment that is required under section 90.621(b) to be protected by a broadband licensee with a base station at any location within the county, or any 900 MHz geographic-based SMR licensee in the broadband segment whose license area completely or partially overlaps the county. 
 Eligibility Certification: A document certified by an independent third party approved by the FCC as part of the broadband application that lists the licenses the applicant holds in the 900 MHz band to demonstrate that it holds the licenses for more than 50 of the total licensed 900 MHz spectrum for the relevant county, including credit for spectrum included in an application to acquire any covered incumbents filed on or after March 14, 2019 (i.e., the 50 Licensed Spectrum Test) and to demonstrate that is holds the licenses for more than 90 of the total licensed 900 MHz spectrum in the broadband segment in a particular county and within 70 miles of the county s boundaries, including credit for spectrum included in a contract to acquire, relocate or protect any covered incumbents or application filed on or after March 14, 2019 (i.e., the 90 Broadband Spectrum Test). 
 FCC: The Federal Communications Commission, an independent U.S. government agency overseen by Congress, is the United States primary authority for communications law, regulation and technological innovation. The FCC regulates interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and U.S. territories. 
 Licensed Channel: Any of the 399 25 kHz narrowband 900 MHz channels for which the FCC has issued a license to an entity. Some channels in the 900 MHz band remain in the FCC inventory. 
 Mandatory Retuning: A process by which a broadband licensee can mandatorily relocate a Covered Incumbent to channels outside of the broadband segment if the replacement channels provide comparable facilities to the Covered Incumbent s existing system and the broadband applicant pays all reasonable retuning costs. 
 MTA: Major Trading Area; service areas based on the Rand McNally 1992 Commercial Atlas Marketing Guide, that define 900 MHz SMR geographic licenses. 
 Narrowband Channel: A 900 MHz 25 kHz bandwidth channel. 
 PLTE: A private long-term evolution wireless network that is deployed and controlled specifically for the benefit of one organization. Only users authorized by that organization have access to the network. The organization determines coverage, 

network performance, access and priority, the appropriate service level required for operations, and specific cyber and physical security specifications and policies required for the network. 
 Retuning: Modifying a Covered Incumbent s narrowband system to operate on channels outside the broadband segment established by the Report and Order. 
 Swapping: Exchanging narrowband channels outside the broadband segment for the broadband segment channels held by a Covered Incumbent. 
 Transition Plan: A document filed as part of the broadband application that demonstrates that the applicant holds or has agreements to acquire, relocate or protect at least 90 of the licensed channels in the Broadband Segment of Covered Incumbents in or within 70 miles of the county (i.e., the 90 Broadband Segment Test). 
 Integrated Platform: A cloud-based 4G/5G core, enabling greater resilience and enhanced services between participating networks, including mutual aid, cybersecurity, shared infrastructure, and integration of distributed energy sources. 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Various statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ), including those that express a belief, expectation, or intention, as well as those that are not statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements are generally, but not always, accompanied by words such as, but not limited to, aim, anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, goal, intend may, might, ongoing, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, seek, should, strategy, target, will, would and similar expressions or phrases, or the negative of those expressions or phrases, or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes, which are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, guidance and projections and related assumptions, about future events and financial trends. While our management considers these expectations, guidance, projections and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. There can be no assurance that actual developments will be as we anticipate. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements as a result of significant risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to: 
 our ability to qualify for and obtain broadband licenses from the FCC in accordance with the requirements of the Report and Order approved by the FCC on May 13, 2020 (the Report and Order 
 our ability to successfully commercialize our spectrum assets to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers on a timely basis and on commercially favorable terms, including our ability to monetize our spectrum on financial terms consistent with our business plan and assumptions; 
 our ability to correctly estimate our cash receipts, revenues and operating expenses and our future financial needs; 
 our ability to achieve our operating and financial projections and guidance; 
 our ability to support our future operations and business plans and return capital to our stockholders through our share repurchase program with our existing cash resources and the proceeds we generate from our commercial operations without the need to raise additional capital through the issuance of stock or debt securities; 
 the extent and duration of the impact of macroeconomic pressures, including but not limited to pandemics, inflation, regulatory and policy changes, and geopolitical matters, on our business and on our potential customers businesses; 
 our ability to retune or relocate Covered Incumbents in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms, or at all; 
 our ability to satisfy our obligations, including the delivery of cleared spectrum and broadband licenses, and the other contingencies required by our commercial agreements with our customers on a timely basis and on commercially reasonable terms; 
 whether federal and state agencies and commissions will support the deployment of broadband networks and services by our targeted customers; 
 our ability to maintain any narrowband and broadband licenses that we own, acquire and/or obtain; 
 government regulations or actions taken by governmental bodies could adversely affect our business prospects, liquidity and results of operations, including any changes by the FCC to the Report and Order or to the FCC rules and regulations governing the 900 MHz band; 
 our ability to successfully compete against the third parties who offer spectrum and communication technologies, products and solutions to our targeted customers; 
 our ability to retain executive officers and key personnel and attract, retain and motivate qualified talent; 
 our ability to successfully manage our planned growth; 
 the ability to develop and sustain a robust market for our common stock; 
 factors that may cause our common stock price to be volatile or cause the value of our common stock to decline; 
 the expected timing and amount of purchases and the related impact to our common stock relating to our share repurchase program; and 
 how the concentrated ownership of our common stock may limit stockholders ability to influence corporate matters. 
 These and other important factors, including those discussed under Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations within this Annual Report may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Therefore, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and except to the extent required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Page 1 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 We have prepared the following summary of the principal risks to our business and the risks associated with ownership of our common stock. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors contained in this Annual Report in their entirety for additional information regarding the material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 our plans to commercialize our 900 MHz spectrum assets depend on our ability to qualify for and obtain broadband licenses from the FCC in accordance with the requirements of the Report and Order; 
 the clearing process established by the FCC in the Report and Order, which exempts Complex Systems from mandatory retuning, may not allow us to retune or relocate some incumbents in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms, or at all; 
 we may not be able to qualify for and utilize the Mandatory Retuning process established by the Report and Order to clear incumbents; 
 we may not be successful in commercializing our spectrum assets to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers, on a timely basis, on favorable terms or in accordance with our business plans and expectations; 
 we are subject to contingencies and obligations under our commercial agreements with our customers, including the delivery of cleared spectrum and broadband licenses on a timely basis, and as a result, there is no assurance that we will receive payments from such customers in the amounts and on the timeline we currently expect, or that any payments we have received to date will not be subject to repayment, or that we will not be subject to contract claims, including rights of termination; 
 we have limited operating history with our current business plan, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future financial results and our business activities, strategic approaches and plans may not be successful; 
 our initiatives with the federal and state agencies and commissions that regulate electric utilities may not be successful; 
 we may not be able to maintain any broadband licenses that we own and/or obtain from the FCC; 
 government regulations or actions taken by governmental bodies could adversely affect our business prospects, liquidity and results of operations, including any changes by the FCC to the Report and Order or to the FCC rules and regulations governing the 900 MHz band; 
 the value of our spectrum assets may fluctuate significantly based on supply and demand, as well as technical and regulatory changes; 
 we may not generate funds through our commercialization operations as planned or correctly estimate our operating expenses or future revenues, which could lead to cash shortfalls, and may prevent us from returning capital to our stockholders and require us to secure additional financing; 
 our customers to date have preferred to prepay their license fees, resulting in operating cash flows that are significantly disproportionate to our revenue and legal restrictions may limit our ability to return capital to our stockholders; 
 many of the third parties who offer spectrum and communication technologies, products and solutions to our targeted customers have existing long-term relationships with these targeted customers and have significantly more resources and greater political and regulatory influence than we do, and we may not be able to successfully compete with these third parties; 
 if we are unable to attract new customers, our results of operations and our business will be adversely affected; 
 we have had net losses each year since our inception and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future; 
 we will need to retain our executive officers and key personnel and attract, retain and motivate qualified talent; 
 we will need to continue to expand our organization and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations and financial results; 
 there is no assurance that a robust market in our common stock will develop or be sustained; 
 our common stock prices may be volatile which could cause the value of our common stock to decline; 
 the expected timing and amount of purchases and the related impact to our common stock relating to our share repurchase program; 
 concentration of ownership will limit our stockholders ability to influence corporate matters; and 
 adverse market conditions, including as the result of wars and inflation, may adversely affect our business and our commercialization efforts. 

Page 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Anterix Inc Anterix, we, our, or the Company is a wireless communications company focused on commercializing our spectrum assets to enable our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers to deploy private broadband networks and on offering innovative broadband solutions to the same target customers. We are the largest holder of licensed spectrum in the 900 MHz band (896 - 901 / 935 - 940 MHz) with nationwide coverage throughout the contiguous United States, Hawaii, Alaska and Puerto Rico. On May 13, 2020, the FCC approved the Report and Order to modernize and realign the 900 MHz band to increase its usability and capacity by allowing it to be utilized for the deployment of broadband networks, technologies and solutions. The Report and Order was published in the Federal Register on July 16, 2020 and became effective on August 17, 2020. We are now engaged in qualifying for and securing broadband licenses from the FCC. At the same time, we are pursuing opportunities to monetize the broadband spectrum we secure to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers. 
 Our Spectrum Assets 
 Our spectrum is our most valuable owned asset. We hold licenses nationwide, including approximately 50 of the 900 MHz band in the United States. However, where spectrum is the highest priced, top 20 metropolitan market areas in the United States which cover approximately 38 of the U.S. population, we hold on average more than 6 MHz worth of spectrum. We acquired the majority of our 900 MHz spectrum and certain related equipment from Sprint in September 2014. 
 In the 900 MHz band, the FCC historically allocated approximately 10 MHz of spectrum, sub-divided into 40 10-channel blocks (for a total of 399 contiguous channels) alternating between blocks designated for the operation of Specialized Mobile Radio SMR commercial systems and blocks designated for B/ILT, with the FCC s rules also enabling B/ILT licenses to be converted to SMR use. Subsequently, the FCC conducted overlay auctions on the SMR designated blocks that awarded geographic-based licenses on an MTA basis while affording operational protection to incumbent, site-based licensees in those areas. Certain MTA licenses were not purchased at auction or have been returned to the FCC. In addition, the FCC never auctioned the 20 blocks of B/ILT spectrum in some parts of the United States, therefore no users acquired site-based licenses utilizing this spectrum. As a result, the FCC is currently holding over 20 of 900 MHz narrowband spectrum in its inventory in most counties throughout the United States. 
 Broadband licenses 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, we were granted by the FCC broadband licenses for 105 and 21 counties, respectively. As a result, we relinquished to the FCC our narrowband licenses and made the necessary Anti-Windfall Payments for the same 105 and 21 counties, respectively, as required by the Report and Order. 
 Our Business Strategy 
 Our mission is to provide transformative broadband solutions for critical infrastructure industries and enterprises including private wireless connectivity on 900 MHz spectrum and next-generation communications platforms. We support digital transformations, infrastructure modernization, and cybersecurity strategies that will establish the new standard for performance and safety. Leveraging Anterix solutions, critical infrastructure customers can tackle their most impactful opportunities, unlocking applications from analytics to automation to edge monitoring and artificial intelligence. Together with Anterix, customers can build solutions that will scale and evolve with business needs. To that end, we are pursuing a two-pronged strategy focused on: 1) converting our nationwide narrowband 900 MHz spectrum position into valuable broadband spectrum; and 2) offering long-term leasing of broadband spectrum or other creative solutions in complex system areas to monetize spectrum and platform services and solutions to utility and critical infrastructure enterprises nationwide. 
 Converting our Nationwide Narrowband 900 MHz Spectrum Position to Broadband 
 Converting our spectrum from narrowband to broadband licenses nationwide is a foundational component of our two-pronged strategy as it provides the underpinning for achieving our business strategy. To achieve this conversion, we are focused on intentionally clearing incumbents out of the broadband license segment and obtaining broadband licenses in those counties (i) in which we have customer contracts, (ii) where we believe we have near-term commercial prospects, or (iii) may be strategically advantageous to achieve optimum costs for broadband licenses over time. 
 Secure Broadband Licenses 
 In the Report and Order, the FCC chose to make counties the base unit of measure for calculating whether an entity is eligible to hold a broadband license. As a result of this decision and our extensive accumulated spectrum holdings, Anterix and only Anterix is an essential party in every one of the nation s 3,233 counties. And while we intend to continue to 
 
 Page 3 

Table of Contents 

 prioritize our spectrum transactions in areas where we have customer opportunities, we also plan to pursue spectrum transactions opportunistically to recognize a positive return on our investments in spectrum clearing costs. We have been proactive in this effort and to date have completed, and intend to continue to pursue, spectrum transactions to support our efforts to satisfy the broadband license eligibility requirements. 
 Clear Covered Incumbents 
 We have been proactive in our clearing efforts in preparation for the broadband licensing process. Our dedicated clearing teams are focused on negotiating agreements to move Covered Incumbents from the broadband segment of the 900 MHz spectrum band to the segments allocated for continued narrowband operations within the 900 MHz band or out of 900 MHz band entirely. Our team has worked with Covered Incumbents and negotiated and contracted approximately two-thirds of the transactions required to clear the licensed broadband segment channels. 
 Deploying our Commercial Business Offering 
 With the Report and Order issued, paving the way for the deployment of broadband in the 900 MHz band, the second key prong of our strategy is establishing our commercial positioning and accelerating adoption of our principal commercial business offering. We are implementing this strategy through targeted outreach and education by our sales, marketing, business development, commercial sales operations and industry government affairs organizations, by participating in the Utilities Broadband Alliance UBBA along with other industry associations, and by attracting vendors to the Anterix Active Ecosystem Program AAEP ). UBBA membership currently includes 30 electric utilities among its nearly 100 members. The AAEP includes participation of over 100 leading technology companies that provide deployment and application solutions for private broadband targeting our Nation s electric grid innovators. We launched the AAEP to foster, strengthen, and expand the landscape of 900 MHz devices, services and solutions. Participation from the broad range of technology innovators will bring extensive value to utilities and other critical infrastructure providers who deploy PLTE. The primary intent of our business is to lease the broadband licenses we secure to customers for long term-leases (generally 20 years or longer) containing additional long-term renewal options. Based upon our analysis and discussions with current and potential customers to date, we are seeing strong and growing indications of demonstrated intent for PLTE networks using 900 MHz spectrum. To fulfill our business offering, we will be responsible for the costs of securing the broadband licenses from the FCC, including the costs of clearing and acquiring sufficient spectrum to meet the broadband requirements. 
 By contrast, we expect that most of our customers will bear the costs of deploying and operating their private broadband networks, technologies and solutions. And, beyond our principal commercial business offering, we are also exploring additional opportunities to offer electric utility companies additional value-added services to support their network deployments and operations. 
 Accordingly, our approach to driving the second key prong of our strategy includes: 1) advancing our potential customers through the pipeline by assisting them with their decisions and evaluation process of private wireless networks; 2) encouraging federal and state agencies to support the investment and deployment of PLTE solutions in the 900 MHz band by utilities and critical infrastructure companies; 3) participating in demonstrations and tests with laboratories such as National Renewable Energy Lab NREL and National Institute of Standards and Technology NIST to validate the benefits of PLTE systems; 4) developing expanded value-added business offerings; 5) enabling and growing the AAEP; 6) participating in UBBA and other relevant industry associations to promote our solution; and 7) continually evaluating potential opportunities to expand the application of private wireless broadband networks built on 900 MHz spectrum. 
 Continue to Build the Customer Pipeline 
 Our sales and support teams are actively working with many of the largest Investor Owned Utilities IOU ). More specifically, these teams are working in coordination with representatives from our target customers, long-term evolution LTE infrastructure vendors, end-user device manufacturers, system integrators and other technology companies in addition to responding to Requests for Information RFI ), Requests for Proposals RFP and requests to support technology trials related to using our 900 MHz spectrum for broadband services. To date, there have been nine experimental licenses granted to IOUs or their subsidiaries (including Ameren Corporation Ameren ), Evergy, Inc. Evergy ), San Diego Gas Electric Company, a subsidiary of Sempra Energy SDG E ), and Xcel Energy Services Inc. Xcel Energy )), two experimental licenses to other utilities and six experimental licenses to vendors and labs to showcase and promote 900 MHz broadband. 
 Build Support with Federal and State Agencies 
 The vast majority of our targeted critical infrastructure customers are highly regulated by both federal and state agencies. Electric utilities, for example, may be regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Public Utilities Commissions within the states they serve and/or other state and municipal governance or regulatory bodies. Other agencies that guide utility regulations include the Department of Energy, the Department of Homeland Security, and NIST, as well as regional transmission organizations and independent system operators. We are working with each of these agencies to educate 
 
 Page 4 

Table of Contents 

 them about the security, reliability and priority access benefits that private broadband LTE networks, technologies and solutions can offer to utilities. We are also working with a number of state agencies and commissions who regulate electric utilities and have a strong influence over electric utility investment decisions. Our goal with these state agencies and commissions is to ensure they have the right information and are properly educated on the immense benefits of utility-scale private wireless broadband networks for end-use customers so they can confidently approve utilities to include the costs of leasing of our spectrum assets and deploying private broadband LTE networks, technologies and solutions into their respective rate making filings. Utility control of communications for grid modernization programs enhances their ability to provide safe, secure, reliable and resilient electricity for the ratepayers. Broadband networks also support greater operating efficiencies, for example, as multiple narrowband networks are unified and combined into one network. When included in rate bases, utilities are permitted to recover costs and earn a customary rate of return on these prudent investments. 
 Develop a Roadmap for Expanded Services 
 Through our day-to-day interactions with prospective utility and critical infrastructure customers, and our responses and subsequent discussions related to RFIs and RFPs, we have identified additional areas of opportunity to support our current and prospective customers in the implementation and operation of PLTE networks. We are performing due diligence to determine how best to meet these customer needs, including using our internal expertise, collaborating with industry partners and working with specific service providers. 
 Enable the Anterix Active Ecosystem with U.S. Band 8 
 Our spectrum assets are located in the international 3GPP global standard Band 8 channel which is a frequency division duplex pair assigned to the 880 - 915 / 925 - 960 MHz spectrum bands. This pairing is aligned for use with both 4G and 5G technologies and is currently being utilized with commercial LTE and 5G broadband networks globally in Asia, Europe, and other parts of the world. Our efforts are ongoing to facilitate continued adoption of 900 MHz Band 8 radio access network equipment and end-user devices in the U.S. by working with chipmakers and module and device vendors to help ensure that customers who employ 900MHz for PLTE have timely access to 3GPP standards-compliant Band 8 devices that meet the technical operating specifications established in the FCC s Report and Order. We also worked with an FCC certification testing lab to develop testing protocols to enable quick certification of Band 8 devices for use in the United States. The benefit of working with a global standard is that many existing devices, network components, and solutions are well suited for the working environment of our targeted critical infrastructure and enterprise customers. Global standards also provide a long-term evolution path for the technology chosen by our customers including forward and backward compatibility. 
 Identify and Evaluate New Opportunities for Our Spectrum 
 The wireless communications industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid regulatory, technological and market changes. A key part of our business strategy is to continually monitor changes in the wireless industry and to evaluate how these changes could enable us to maximize the value of our spectrum assets. Additionally, although we are initially focusing on the electric utility industry, we have identified other customer groups, including ports, railroads, water, oil and gas facilities, and mining operations, where we believe there is both customer demand and a good fit for the private wireless broadband networks, technologies, and solutions that our spectrum assets could support. As proof of the potential demand for and value of our spectrum assets, two recent FCC spectrum auctions exceeded consensus valuation estimates and brought in the first and third highest auction proceeds ever for the U.S. Treasury, which we believe demonstrates the continued demand for licensed broadband spectrum. 
 Our Broadband Market Opportunity 
 We have currently identified utility and critical infrastructure enterprises as the primary customers for our current and future broadband spectrum assets. We have identified the electric utility industry as our initial focused customer group. We believe that security, priority access, latency, redundancy, private ownership, control and unique coverage requirements are just some of the reasons utility and critical infrastructure enterprises would be interested in obtaining rights to deploy the private wireless broadband networks, technologies and solutions that can be enabled through use of our licensed spectrum. 
 The electric utility industry is undergoing a fundamental transformation. Grid modernization efforts and the drive to reduce carbon emissions have disrupted the need for utilities to build new large-scale, centralized facilities. Today, power is generated by smaller, more geographically distributed facilities that can switch from a power producer to a recipient of power generated by a variety of other disparate sources, including wind and solar installations. Grid architecture must now accommodate end-users that are both generators and consumers, converting back and forth rapidly and carrying power in both directions, something the existing grid was not originally designed to handle. Technological advancements have produced sensors and smart devices to enable the new two-way grid and offer operators the ability to control and run the grid efficiently, safely and reliably. Wireless communication networks, technologies and solutions can help utilities move the large volumes of data generated by these sensors and smart devices to their control systems for decision making, analytics and responsiveness to 
 
 Page 5 

Table of Contents 

 market demand and emergencies. The legacy communications systems utilized by many utilities have increasing interference and/or higher cyber threats, are not designed to handle this new data load, are inefficient and costly to maintain, and, in many cases, have associated equipment that is approaching end of life. 
 Our targeted customers have historically built, maintained and operated communication networks, including private Land Mobile Radio LMR networks and supervisory control and data acquisition SCADA networks on narrowband frequencies licensed exclusively to them by the FCC. Based on our discussions with these targeted customers, these entities commonly express their desire to retain the positive elements of their aging LMR and SCADA networks, namely private ownership, tight control and custom features (such as specialized coverage and priority access), while adding the benefits of broadband and other advanced technologies (such as solving a broader set of use cases, including high-speed data transmission, video services and economies of scale). However, due to the general unavailability of low band spectrum (i.e., below 1 GHz), these entities have had limited opportunities to license or acquire the spectrum required to deploy cost-effective wireless broadband or other advanced technologies. 
 In contrast to legacy systems, the wireless broadband networks, technologies and solutions that can be deployed utilizing our spectrum assets can address the communication demands of the modern grid, both now and in the future. Our licensed 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum offers the assurance of absolute control over access to and use of that spectrum, allowing our spectrum to be utilized to provide customers with guaranteed levels of service and the ability for customers to prescribe and enforce purpose-built rules of the road for the provision of those services. Our spectrum assets can also serve as the foundational element to allow customers to implement LTE capabilities and evolve to 5G when there is a need. Recent FCC actions, including various auctions, have created significant opportunities for blocks of shared, unlicensed spectrum and/or licensed spectrum in the mid and high spectrum bands. The additional shared, unlicensed spectrum and/or licensed spectrum can enable future 5G networks, technologies and solutions. While we intend to build our existing and future business strategies around our 900 MHz licensed spectrum, the ability for our critical infrastructure and enterprise customers to combine our licensed 900 MHz spectrum with additional spectrum in one or more licensed, shared and/or unlicensed bands can provide them with an advantageous solution. 
 Business Development 
 We have invested in building our business development, sales, marketing and other supporting teams, which include both external and internal resources, to help foster our evolving customer relationships in furtherance of growing and maturing our pipeline. Since the FCC s issuance of the Report and Order, our sales and marketing efforts have been focused on pursuing spectrum lease arrangements and introducing our integrated platform solutions to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers. 
 Our business development, sales and marketing organizations exercise the following three key methods to grow and mature our pipeline: (i) direct account-based sales and marketing efforts to our targeted customers; (ii) regulatory outreach and support; and (iii) industry trade organization collaboration. These efforts are enhanced with sales and marketing partnerships with a variety of third parties, such as integrators and technology and equipment vendors, with whom we will seek active promotion of our broadband spectrum assets and support for our broadband spectrum assets with their products, technologies, solutions and services. Additionally, our senior executives, engineering, technology, commercial sales operations and marketing teams support our sales efforts through presentations, branded participation through sponsorships and speaking engagements at major trade events, associations and organizations, customer meetings, collateral, and product demonstrations to expand our reach and brand awareness. 
 Long-Term Leases of 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum 
 Ameren Agreements 
 In December 2020, we entered into our first long-term 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum lease agreements (the Ameren Agreements covering Ameren s service territories. The Ameren Agreements will enable Ameren to deploy a PLTE network in its service territories in Missouri and Illinois, covering approximately 7.5 million people. Each Ameren Agreement is for an initial term of 30 years with a 10-year renewal option for an additional payment. In August 2021, the FCC granted the first 900 MHz broadband licenses to us for several counties in Ameren s service territory, for which the Ameren Agreements were also subsequently approved by the FCC. The scheduled prepayments for the 30-year initial terms of the Ameren Agreements total 47.7 million, of which 0.3 million we received in February 2021, 5.4 million in September 2021 and 17.2 million in October 2021. The prepayments received to date encompass the initial upfront payment(s) due upon signing of the Ameren Agreements and payments for delivery of the relevant 1.4 x 1.4 cleared spectrum in several metropolitan counties throughout Missouri and Illinois, in accordance with the terms of the Ameren Agreements. The remaining prepayments of 24.8 million, excluding potential penalties, for the 30-year initial term are due by mid-2026, per the terms of the Ameren Agreements and as we deliver the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses. The Ameren Agreements are subject to customary provisions regarding remedies for non-delivery, including refund of amounts paid and termination rights if we fail to perform our contractual obligations, including failure to deliver the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband 
 
 Page 6 

Table of Contents 

 Spectrum in accordance with the terms of the Ameren Agreements. We are working with incumbents to clear the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum allocation in Ameren s service territory. In accordance with ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the payments of prepaid fees under the Ameren Agreements will be accounted for as deferred revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revenue will be recognized over time as the performance obligations of clearing the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses are delivered by respective county, over the contractual term of approximately 30-years. 
 The following table represents the contractual delivery milestones under the Ameren Agreements and the allocated value ascribed for each term of the milestone. 
 Ameren Milestone Total allocated value (in millions) Start of revenue recognition Term Upfront deposit 0.3 Q3 FY22 30 years Milestone 1 1.7 Q3 FY22 3 years Milestone 2 21.0 Q1 FY25 27 years Milestone 3 1.9 Q1 FY25 27 years Milestone 4 22.8 Q1 FY27 25 years 
 Total allocated value is subject to change based on final delivery date of the broadband licenses for the associated milestone, which may include penalties associated with delayed deliveries. 
 Revenue recognition occurs upon delivery of broadband licenses for the associated milestone, which may differ from the estimates noted above. Term is calculated based on the expected delivery date, which correlates to the period of time the revenue will be recognized for the associated milestone. 
 Evergy Agreement 
 In September 2021, we entered into a long-term lease agreement of 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum with Evergy, (the Evergy Agreement ). The Evergy service territories covered by the Evergy Agreement are in Kansas and Missouri with a population of approximately 3.9 million people. The Evergy Agreement is for an initial term of 20 years with two 10-year renewal options for additional payments. Prepayment in full of the 30.2 million for the 20-year initial term, which was due and payable within thirty (30) days after execution of the Evergy Agreement, was received by us in October 2021. The Evergy Agreement is subject to customary provisions regarding remedies for non-delivery, including refund of amounts paid and termination rights if we fail to perform our contractual obligations, including failure to deliver the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum in accordance with the terms of the Evergy Agreement. We are working with incumbents to clear the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum allocation covered by the Evergy Agreement. In accordance with ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the payments of prepaid fees under the Evergy Agreement will be accounted for as deferred revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revenue will be recognized over time as the performance obligations of clearing the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses are delivered by respective county, over the contractual term of approximately 20-years. 
 The following table represents the contractual delivery milestones under the Evergy Agreement and the allocated value ascribed for each term of the milestone. 
 Evergy Milestone Total allocated value (in millions) Start of revenue recognition Term Milestone 1 0.9 Q2 FY23 1 year Milestone 2 29.3 Q2 FY24 19 years 
 Total allocated value is subject to change based on final delivery date of the broadband licenses for the associated milestone, which may include penalties associated with delayed deliveries. 
 Revenue recognition occurs upon delivery of broadband licenses for the associated milestone which may differ from the estimates noted above. Term is calculated based on the expected delivery date, which correlates to the period of time the revenue is expected to be recognized for the associated milestone. 
 Xcel Energy Agreement 
 In October 2022, we entered into an agreement with Xcel Energy providing Xcel Energy dedicated long-term usage of our 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum for a term of 20 years throughout Xcel Energy s service territory in eight states (the Xcel 
 
 Page 7 

Table of Contents 

 Energy Agreement including Colorado, Michigan, Minnesota, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Dakota, Texas and Wisconsin. The Xcel Energy Agreement also provides Xcel Energy an option to extend the agreement for two 10-year terms for additional payments. The Xcel Energy Agreement allows Xcel Energy to deploy a PLTE network to support its grid modernization initiatives for the benefit of its approximately 3.7 million electricity customers and 2.1 million natural gas customers. The scheduled prepayments for the 20-year initial term of the Xcel Energy Agreement total 80.0 million, of which 8.0 million was received in December 2022. The Xcel Energy Agreement is subject to customary provisions regarding remedies for non-delivery, including refund of amounts paid and termination rights if we fail to perform our contractual obligations, including failure to deliver the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum in accordance with the terms of the Xcel Energy Agreement. The remaining prepayments for the 20-year initial term are due by mid-2028, per the terms of the Xcel Energy Agreement and as we deliver the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses. We are working with incumbents to clear the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum allocation in Xcel Energy service territories. In accordance with ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the payments of prepaid fees under the Xcel Energy Agreement will be accounted for as deferred revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revenue will be recognized over time as the performance obligations of clearing the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses are delivered by respective county, over the contractual term of approximately 20 years. 
 The following table represents the contractual delivery milestones under the Xcel Energy Agreement and the allocated value ascribed for each term of the milestone. 
 Xcel Energy Milestone Total allocated value (in millions) Start of revenue recognition Term Milestone 1 36.5 Q2 FY24 20 years Milestone 2 16.7 Q4 FY24 20 years Milestone 3 10.9 Q1 FY25 19 years Milestone 4 8.9 Q2 FY26 18 years Milestone 5 7.0 Q2 FY29 15 years 
 Total allocated value is subject to change based on final delivery date of the broadband licenses for the associated milestone, which may include penalties associated with delayed deliveries. 
 Revenue recognition occurs upon delivery of broadband licenses for the associated milestone which may differ from the estimates noted above. Term is calculated based on the expected delivery date, which correlates to the period of time the revenue is expected to be recognized for the associated milestone. 
 Sales of 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum 
 SDG E Agreement 
 In February 2021, we entered into an agreement with SDG E to sell 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum throughout SDG E s California service territory, including San Diego and Imperial Counties and portions of Orange County (the SDG E Agreement for a total payment of 50.0 million. The SDG E Agreement will support SDG E s deployment of a PLTE network for its California service territory, with a population of approximately 3.6 million people. As part of the SDG E Agreement, SDG E and Anterix are collaborating to accelerate the utility industry momentum for private networks. The SDG E Agreement includes the assignment of 6 MHz of 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum, 936.5 939.5 MHz paired with 897.5 900.5 MHz, within SDG E s service territory following the FCC s issuance of the broadband licenses to us. We commenced delivery to SDG E of the relevant 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses by county in the fiscal year ended 2023 Fiscal 2023 and delivery is scheduled for completion before the end of fiscal year 2024. The total payment of 50.0 million is comprised of an initial payment of 20.0 million, received in February 2021 and the remaining 30.0 million payment, which is due through fiscal year 2024 as we deliver the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses to SDG E. In September 2022, we delivered to SDG E 1.4 x 1.4 cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband license related to Imperial County and received a milestone payment of 0.2 million. The SDG E Agreement is subject to customary provisions regarding remedies for non-delivery, including refund of amounts paid and termination rights if Anterix fails to perform its contractual obligations, including failure to deliver the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum in accordance with the terms of the SDG E Agreement. A gain or loss on the sale of spectrum will be recognized for each county once we deliver the cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses to SDG E in full. 

Page 8 

Table of Contents 

 LCRA Agreement 
 In April 2023, we entered into an agreement with Lower Colorado River Authority LCRA to sell 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum covering 68 counties and more than 30 cities in LCRA s wholesale electric, transmission, and water service area (the LCRA Agreement for total payments of 30.0 million plus the contribution of select LCRA 900 MHz narrowband spectrum. The LCRA Agreement will support LCRA s deployment of a PLTE network which will provide a host of capabilities including grid awareness, communications and operational intelligence that will enhance resilience and spur innovation at LCRA. The new licenses will enable LCRA to move from narrowband to next generation broadband and provide mission-critical data and voice services within LCRA and to more than 100 external customers such as electric cooperatives, schools and transit authorities across more than 73,000 square miles. The payment of 30.0 million is due through fiscal year 2026 as we deliver the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses to LCRA. The LCRA Agreement is subject to customary provisions regarding remedies for non-delivery, including refund of amounts paid and termination rights if Anterix fails to perform its contractual obligations, including failure to deliver the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum in accordance with the terms of the LCRA Agreement. A gain or loss on the sale of spectrum will be recognized for each county once we deliver the cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses to LCRA in full. 
 Motorola Lease 
 In 2014, we entered into an agreement with Motorola (the 2014 Motorola Spectrum Agreement to lease a portion of our 900 MHz licenses in exchange for an upfront, fully paid lease fee of 7.5 million and a 10 million investment in our subsidiary, PDV Spectrum Holding Company, LLC (the Subsidiary ), which we formed to hold our 900 MHz spectrum licenses. Motorola s investment in the Subsidiary was convertible, at the option of either party, into shares of our common stock at a price equal to 20.00 per share (the Conversion Right ). In May 2022, Motorola exercised its Conversion Right, and we issued Motorola 500,000 shares of our common stock (the Shares in conversion of Motorola s ownership of 500,000 Class B Units (the Units in our Subsidiary. In June 2022, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265930) to register the 500,000 shares of our common stock held by Motorola for resale or other disposition by Motorola (the Resale Registration Statement ). The Resale Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on July 15, 2022. 
 Motorola is not entitled to any profits, dividends, or other distribution from the operations of the Subsidiary. Under the terms of this lease agreement with Motorola, Motorola can use the leased channels to provide narrowband services to certain qualified end-users. The end-users can only use the leased channels for their internal communication purposes. The end-users cannot sublease the channels to any other end-users or any commercial radio system operations or carriers. The lease agreement limits the total number of channels that Motorola can lease in any market area. The lease agreement provides us with flexibility regarding the future use and management of our spectrum, including relocation and repurposing policies designed to facilitate any necessary realignment of frequencies that may be associated with our efforts to clear spectrum for broadband uses. 
 Competition 
 Our competitors include retail wireless network providers, such as Verizon, AT T, T-Mobile, Dish and UScellular, private radio operators and other public and private companies who own spectrum, supply communication networks, technologies, products and solutions to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure enterprises. Many of these competitors have a long track record of providing technologies, products and solutions to our targeted customers and have greater political and regulatory influence than we do. In addition, many of our competitors have more resources, substantially greater product development and marketing budgets, greater name and brand recognition, a significantly greater base of customers in which to spread their operating costs and more financial and personnel resources than we do. All of these factors could prevent, delay or increase the costs of commercializing the broadband licenses we secure to our targeted customers. 
 In addition, these and other competitors have developed or may develop services, technologies, products and solutions that directly compete with the broadband networks, technologies, products and solutions that can be deployed with our spectrum assets. If competitors offer services, technologies, products and solutions to our targeted customers at prices and terms that make the licensing of our spectrum assets unattractive, we may be unable to attract customers at prices or on terms that would be favorable, or at all, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results and prospects. 
 Further, the FCC and other federal, state and local governmental authorities could adopt new regulations or take actions, including making additional spectrum available that can be utilized by our targeted customers, which could harm our ability to license our spectrum assets. For example, the federal government created and funded the First Responder Network Authority FRNA ), which the federal government authorized to help accomplish, fund, and oversee the deployment of a dedicated Nationwide Public Safety Broadband Network NPSBN ), which is marketed as FirstNet. The NPSBN is an additional source of competition to utilizing our 900 MHz spectrum assets by our targeted utility and critical infrastructure enterprises. 

Page 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our Historical FCC Initiatives 
 Joint Petition 
 While our current licensed spectrum can support narrowband and wideband wireless services, the most significant business opportunities we identified require contiguous spectrum that allows for greater bandwidth than allowed by the original configuration of the 900 MHz band. In November 2014, in conjunction with the Enterprise Wireless Alliance EWA ), we submitted a Joint Petition for Rulemaking (the Joint Petition to the FCC proposing a realignment of a portion of the 900 MHz band to create a 6 MHz broadband segment, while retaining 4 MHz for continued narrowband operations. In May 2015, we and the EWA filed proposed rules with the FCC related to our Joint Petition recommending procedural and technical operating parameters and processes related to the administration and technical sequencing of the proposed realignment of the 900 MHz band. Our proposed rules included the requirement for the broadband operator to provide comparable facilities to incumbent licensees, to pay the costs of their realignment and to utilize available filtering technologies to protect incumbents adjacent to the proposed broadband portion of the 900 MHz band. 
 Notice of Inquiry 
 In August 2017, the FCC issued a Notice of Inquiry NOI announcing that it had commenced a proceeding to examine whether it would be in the public interest to change the existing rules governing the 900 MHz band to increase access to spectrum, improve spectrum efficiency and expand flexibility for a variety of potential uses and applications, including broadband and other advanced technologies and services. We and EWA filed a joint response to the FCC s NOI in October 2017 and submitted reply comments in November 2017. 
 Notice of Proposed Rulemaking 
 On March 14, 2019, the FCC unanimously adopted a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking NPRM endorsing our objective of creating a broadband opportunity in the 900 MHz band for critical infrastructure and other enterprise users. In the NPRM, the FCC set to determine (i) what mechanism and requirements should be imposed before a broadband applicant can acquire the FCC s inventory of spectrum, including how to mitigate a windfall that might be attributed to the broadband applicant by the FCC s action; (ii) what mechanism should be used to enable the broadband applicant to clear sufficient spectrum to qualify for a broadband license, including how to prevent potential holdouts; (iii) what size systems being operated by incumbents should be deemed to be Complex Systems and exempt from any Mandatory Retuning requirements; and (v) what approaches, including potential overlay auctions, should be used in counties where the broadband segment cannot be cleared of incumbents. 
 We filed our comments to the NPRM in June 2019 and submitted reply comments in July 2019. 
 The 900 MHz Report and Order 
 On May 13, 2020, the FCC approved the Report and Order to modernize and realign the 900 MHz band to increase its usability and capacity by allowing it to be utilized for the deployment of broadband networks, technologies and solutions. In the Report and Order, the FCC reconfigured the 900 MHz band to create a 6 MHz broadband segment (240 channels) and two narrowband segments, consisting of a 3 MHz narrowband segment (120 channels) and a 1 MHz narrowband segment (39 channels). FIGURE I below illustrates the FCC realignment as outlined in the Report and Order. 
 FIGURE I 

Page 10 

Table of Contents 

 The Role of the County 
 Under the Report and Order, the FCC established the county as the base unit of measure in determining whether a broadband applicant is eligible to secure a broadband license. There are 3,233 counties in the United States, including Puerto Rico and other U.S. territories. 
 Broadband License Eligibility Requirements 
 The Report and Order establishes three eligibility requirements to obtain broadband licenses in a county, which we refer to herein as (i) the 50 Licensed Spectrum Test, (ii) the 90 Broadband Segment Test and (iii) the 240 Channel Requirement. 
 Treatment of Complex Systems 
 The Report and Order exempts Complex Systems from the Mandatory Retuning process, even when a broadband applicant meets the 90 Broadband Segment Test, because retuning these systems would potentially be disruptive to the operators. MAP 1 below illustrates the nine current Complex Systems. 

The Association of American Railroads 
 The nation s railroads, particularly the major freight lines, operate on six narrowband 900 MHz channels licensed to their trade association, the Association of American Railroads AAR ). Three of these narrowband channels are located in the 900 MHz broadband segment created by the FCC. In January 2020, we entered into an agreement with the AAR in which we agreed to cancel licenses in the 900 MHz band to enable the AAR to relocate its operations, including operations utilizing the three channels located in the 900 MHz broadband segment (the AAR Agreement ). The FCC referenced the AAR agreement in the Report and Order and required us to cancel our licenses and return them to the FCC in accordance with the AAR Agreement. We cancelled these licenses in June 2020. The Report and Order provides that the FCC will make the channels associated with these licenses available to the AAR to enable the AAR to relocate their current operations within five years. The Report and Order also provides that the FCC will credit us for our cancelled licenses for purposes of determining our eligibility to secure broadband licenses and the calculation of any Anti-Windfall Payments. 
 Broadband Licensing Process 
 In May 2021, the FCC s Wireless Telecommunication Bureau released a Public Notice detailing the application requirements and timeline for obtaining broadband licenses. The broadband licensing process includes filing an application with the FCC used for new wireless licenses, completing an Eligibility Certification and developing a Transition Plan describing the agreements the prospective broadband applicant has entered into with Covered Incumbents. We intend to pursue and file 
 
 Page 11 

Table of Contents 

 applications based on the timing of customer opportunities, strategic initiatives and our spectrum clearing results and shortly thereafter surrender our underlying licenses. The Anti-Windfall Payment to the U.S. Treasury for any spectrum we obtain from the FCC s inventory to reach the 240 Channel Requirement will be made as soon as possible after the FCC provides us the amount due for these channels. In cases where we have satisfied the 90 Broadband Segment Test but have not reached an agreement with all Covered Incumbents, the Mandatory Retuning process will commence after we receive the broadband license. 
 1. 50 Licensed Spectrum Test . To be eligible for a broadband license in a particular county, a broadband applicant must demonstrate that it holds more than 50 of the outstanding licensed channels in that county. As noted above, the 900 MHz band is made up of a maximum of 399 channels in each county. The FCC has licensed less than the maximum number of 399 channels in all but the most populous counties. Because the 50 Licensed Spectrum Test is based on licensed channels, any channels that are not licensed by the FCC are not included in the denominator when determining whether the broadband applicant has satisfied this test. As of the date of this filing, we alone satisfy the 50 Licensed Spectrum Test in approximately 3,200 counties of the 3,233 counties in the United States and its territories. MAP 2 below illustrates our licensed channels by county in the entire 900 MHz band segment created by the Report and Order. 

2. 90 Broadband Segment Test . The second test, the 90 Broadband Segment Test, addresses the balance between a voluntary market process to clear any Covered Incumbent (i.e., holders of licenses in the broadband segment) and the Mandatory Retuning process established by the FCC in the Report and Order (which applies to all Covered Incumbents, except for those Covered Incumbents operating Complex Systems. This test requires the broadband applicant to hold, have agreements with or protect Covered Incumbents equal to 90 or more of the licensed channels in the broadband segment in a particular county and within 70 miles of the county s boundaries before the FCC will issue a broadband license and therefore commence the mandatory retuning period. The broadband segment in the 900 MHz band has a total of 240 channels. The 90 Broadband Segment Test is calculated using outstanding licensed channels, which means that if the FCC has licensed all 240 channels, the broadband applicant would be required to have control of, or agreements covering, 216 channels within the broadband segment. In most counties in the United States, the FCC has licensed fewer than 240 channels in the broadband segment and these unlicensed channels are not included in the denominator when determining whether the broadband applicant has satisfied this 90 Broadband Segment Test. 
 A broadband applicant can satisfy the 90 Broadband Segment Test by purchasing channels from Covered Incumbents for cash or other consideration, by paying to relocate Covered Incumbents to replacement spectrum channels outside the broadband segment, or by demonstrating that the broadband applicant s facilities will be far enough from the Covered Incumbent s narrowband system to allow the two types of networks to co-exist. 
 
 Page 12 

Table of Contents 

 Before filing for a broadband license, the broadband applicant must satisfy the 90 Broadband Segment Test by utilizing its channel holdings and negotiating with Covered Incumbents on a purely voluntary basis for any additional channels it requires to satisfy this test. Only after the 50 Licensed Spectrum Test and the 90 Broadband Segment Test are both satisfied will the FCC issue to the broadband applicant a broadband license and commence the Mandatory Retuning period. During this Mandatory Retuning period, any Covered Incumbents that remain in the broadband segment (other than Complex Systems) are required to negotiate in good faith with the broadband applicant to sell their channels or otherwise clear the broadband segment, subject to intervention by the FCC if the parties cannot reach an agreement. 
 MAP 3 below illustrates our licensed holdings and licensed holdings we have under contract by county in the 6 MHz broadband segment created by the Report and Order. This map does not reflect licenses that may meet the protection criteria as that is evaluated on a county basis as each broadband transition plan is prepared. 

3. 240 Channel Requirement. The Report and Order requires the broadband applicant to surrender 6 MHz of narrowband spectrum (or 240 channels) in the applicable county to the FCC in exchange for a broadband license. If the broadband applicant does not have sufficient channels in the county to return 240 channels to the FCC, it can elect to make an Anti-Windfall Payment to the U.S. Treasury to effectively purchase unlicensed channels in the FCC s inventory. The Anti-Windfall Payment for these channels will be based on prices paid in the applicable county in the 600 MHz auction conducted by the FCC. To satisfy the 240 Channel Requirement, the broadband applicant has the option on a county-by-county basis to determine whether it is more cost-effective to make the Anti-Windfall Payment, purchase channels from incumbents (where available), or possibly a combination of both. 
 Importantly, the markets where the FCC has channels in inventory and where we may need to make Anti-Windfall Payments to effectively return 240 channels to the FCC are generally in smaller urban, suburban and rural markets. Our spectrum position is greatest in the largest, most populated and therefore most expensive markets, with a few exceptions as shown in MAP 4 below. Although we will need to make Anti-Windfall Payments to secure broadband licenses in some counties, the average cost in aggregate for the channels will be lower than the nationwide average amount of 0.93 per MHz of population covered POP paid in the FCC s 600 MHz auction. 
 
 Page 13 

Table of Contents 

Costs of Securing Broadband Licenses 
 As discussed above, to obtain a broadband license in a county, the broadband applicant must satisfy (i) the 50 Licensed Spectrum Test, (ii) the 90 Broadband Segment Test and (iii) the 240 Channel Requirement. As the broadband applicant, we can satisfy these channel requirements by including our existing licensed channels in the 900 MHz band and by acquiring or clearing additional channels when necessary, through (i) spectrum purchases, (ii) spectrum retuning and/or (iii) by making Anti-Windfall Payments. Under the Report and Order, we have the option of using each of these options alone, or in any combination required, to satisfy the broadband license eligibility requirements for a particular county. 
 
 1. Spectrum Purchase. In 2015, we began acquiring targeted additional channels in the 900 MHz band in various markets in anticipation of the Report and Order. We have and will continue to employ spectrum acquisition as a tool for those situations where a Covered Incumbent desires to exit the 900 MHz band. We may selectively acquire channels outside the 900 MHz broadband segment and use them to swap for channels within the broadband segment. For purposes of our broadband 
 
 Page 14 

Table of Contents 

 license eligibility, any potential acquisitions we negotiate in the 900 MHz band may be included as part of our broadband application, but the acquisition does not need to be consummated at the time we submit our broadband license application. 
 2. Spectrum Retuning. Retuning is the exercise of modifying incumbents licenses to remove the broadband segment channels held by Covered Incumbents and swapping narrowband segments channels to facilitate a move to channels outside of the 900 MHz broadband segment established by the Report and Order. An agreement to retune adds to the number of channels we hold for computational purposes of the 90 Broadband Segment Test. We began retuning channels with interested Covered Incumbents in 2015 in anticipation of the Report and Order. We have continued retuning channels with Covered Incumbents since that time. For purposes of broadband license eligibility, any potential spectrum retuning agreements we negotiate in the 900 MHz band will be included as part of our broadband application, but the retune is not required to be completed before we submit our broadband license application. 
 3. Anti-Windfall Payment. To obtain a 6 MHz broadband license, we must surrender 240 licensed channels in the county. As this band has been underutilized historically, most counties in the United States do not have 240 outstanding licensed channels that can be surrendered. To make up the difference, we may effectively pay for channels from the FCC s spectrum inventory by making an Anti-Windfall Payment. As noted above, the FCC will use a reference per channel price based on the average price paid in the FCC s 600 MHz auction in each given county. 
 Our Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade-secret laws, as well as confidentiality provisions in our contracts, to protect our intellectual property. We have several trademarks and service marks to protect our current and future corporate name, services offerings, goodwill and brand. There are currently no claims or litigation regarding these trademarks, patents, copyrights, or service marks. We also rely on trade secret protection of our intellectual property. We enter into confidentiality agreements with third parties, employees and consultants when appropriate. 
 Regulation of Our Business 
 We hold FCC spectrum licenses in the 900 MHz band throughout the contiguous United States, plus Hawaii, Alaska and Puerto Rico. The FCC regulates our wireless spectrum holdings, the issuance of broadband licenses in the 900 MHz band in accordance with the Report and Order, our future leasing or sale of any broadband licenses we secure, and the future construction and operation of wireless networks, technologies and solutions utilizing our spectrum assets. 
 Licensing 
 We are authorized to provide our wireless communication services on specified frequencies within specified geographic areas and in doing so must comply with the rules, regulations and policies adopted by the FCC. The FCC issues each spectrum license for a fixed period, typically ten years in the case of the FCC narrowband licenses we currently hold and 15 years for any broadband licenses in accordance with the Report and Order. Any broadband licenses we secure will also have performance requirements at the 6- and 12-year marks to demonstrate that the broadband spectrum is being used to serve the public interest. While the FCC has generally renewed licenses held by operating companies like us, the FCC has the authority to both revoke a license for cause and to deny a license renewal if it determines that license renewal is not in the public interest. Furthermore, we could be subject to fines, forfeitures and other penalties for failure to comply with FCC regulations, even if any such non-compliance is unintentional. The loss of any licenses, or any related fines or forfeitures, could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 The Communications Act of 1934, as amended, and FCC rules and regulations require us to obtain the FCC s prior approval before assigning or transferring control of wireless licenses, with limited exceptions. The FCC s rules and regulations also govern spectrum lease arrangements for a range of wireless radio service licenses, including the licenses we hold. These same requirements apply to any licenses or leases we may wish to enter into, transfer, or acquire as part of our broadband initiatives. The FCC may prohibit or impose conditions on any proposed acquisitions, sales, or other transfers of control of licenses or leases. The FCC engages in a case-by-case review of transactions that involve the consolidation or sale of spectrum licenses or leases and may apply a spectrum screen in examining such transactions. Because an FCC license is necessary to lawfully provide the wireless services we plan to enable, if the FCC were to disapprove any such request to acquire, assign, or otherwise transfer a license or lease, our business plans would be adversely affected. Approval from the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice, as well as state or local regulatory authorities, also may be required if we sell or acquire spectrum. 
 FCC Regulations 
 The FCC does not currently regulate rates for services offered by wireless providers. However, we may be subject to other FCC regulations that impose obligations on wireless providers, such as Federal Universal Service Fund obligations, which require communications providers to contribute to a fund that supports subsidized communications services to underserved areas and users; rules governing billing, subscriber privacy and customer proprietary network information; roaming obligations; 
 
 Page 15 

Table of Contents 

 rules that require wireless service providers to configure their networks to facilitate electronic surveillance by law enforcement officials; rules governing spam, telemarketing and truth-in-billing and rules requiring us to offer equipment and services that are accessible to and usable by persons with disabilities, among others. There are also pending proceedings that may affect spectrum aggregation limits and/or adjustment of the FCC s case-by-case spectrum screens; regulation surrounding the deployment of advanced wireless broadband infrastructure; the imposition of text-to-911 capabilities; and the transition to IP networks, among others. Some of these requirements and pending proceedings (of which the previous examples are not an exhaustive list) pose technical and operational challenges for which we, and the industry as a whole, have not yet developed clear solutions. We are unable to predict how these pending or future FCC proceedings may affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our failure to comply with any applicable FCC regulations could subject us to significant fines or forfeitures. 
 State and Local Regulation 
 In addition to FCC regulation, we are subject to certain state regulatory requirements. The Communications Act of 1934, as amended, preempts state and local regulation of the entry of, or the rates charged by, any wireless provider. State and local governments, however, are permitted to manage public rights of way and can require fair and reasonable compensation from wireless providers for use of those rights of way so long as the compensation required is publicly disclosed by the government. The siting of base stations also remains subject to some degree of control by state and local jurisdiction. 
 Tower Siting 
 Our current and future customers who deploy broadband networks will be required to comply with various federal, state and local regulations that govern the siting, lighting and construction of transmitter towers and antennas, including requirements imposed by the FCC and the Federal Aviation Administration FAA ). Federal rules subject certain tower site locations to extensive zoning, environmental and historic preservation requirements and mandate consultation with various parties, including State and Tribal Historic Preservation Offices, which can make it more difficult and expensive to deploy facilities. The FCC antenna structure registration process also imposes public notice requirements when plans are made for construction of, or modification to, antenna structures that require FAA approval, potentially adding to the delays and burdens associated with tower siting, including potential challenges from special interest groups. To the extent governmental agencies continue to impose additional requirements like this on the tower siting process, the time and cost to construct towers could be negatively impacted. The FCC has, however, imposed a tower siting shot clock that requires local authorities to address tower applications within a specific timeframe, which can assist carriers in more rapid deployment of towers. More recently, the FCC also has adopted rules intended to accelerate broadband deployment by removing barriers to infrastructure investment, in particular for small cell equipment. Those rules have been challenged by certain municipalities and tribal nations both at the FCC and in court. 
 National Security 
 With a range of weather-related and cyber security impacts on the nation s grid over the last several years, national security and disaster recovery issues continue to receive attention at the federal, state and local levels. For example, Congress is expected to again consider cyber security legislation to increase the security and resiliency of the nation s digital infrastructure. Our current and future customers who deploy broadband networks may be required to comply with potential federal, state and local regulations that govern elements of the electric grid. 
 Report and Order 
 The FCC regulates the issuance of broadband licenses in the 900 MHz band in accordance with the Report and Order. 
 Human Capital Management 
 We believe we have an experienced, talented, motivated and dedicated team. We are committed to supporting the development of all our employees and to continuing to build on our strong culture. As of March 31, 2023, we had 82 full-time employees. We engage consultants and contract workers on an as-needed basis. We believe the relations with our employees and consultants are good. 
 Company Culture 
 We are guided by our core values Integrity, Courage, Camaraderie, Transformative, and Excellence that express how we aspire to be when we are at our best. With these values as the backbone of our corporate culture, we work tirelessly to act as responsible stewards to our employees, communities and other stakeholders who rely on us. In addition, we are committed to governing and operating our business with the highest levels of integrity and ethics. 
 We are focused on regular evaluation of our culture. In 2021, we invited all employees to participate in an initial Employee Engagement by completing an anonymous survey. Eighty percent of our employees participated in the cultural survey providing a good basis to gauge employee sentiment. Our management team reviewed the feedback and shared the 
 
 Page 16 

Table of Contents 

 survey results with employees at a quarterly Town Hall meeting. The survey showed that we have a highly engaged workforce that overwhelmingly views our work environment favorably. Where our employees identified areas for improvement, we worked with various functional areas to create and implement action plans to address any issues. Our second Employee Engagement survey is set to launch in Fall 2023. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We are committed to hiring inclusively, providing training and development opportunities, fostering an inclusive culture, ensuring equitable pay for employees, and focusing on attracting and retaining diverse representation at every level within the Company. Anterix GROW was launched in February 2023. The focus of GROW is to embed inclusion into everyday life, personally and professionally. We are committed to fostering a culture of inclusivity by providing more actionable opportunities, and resources including days of service, employee resource groups, more lunch and learns and new inclusion tools. 
 Partnerships with organizations like INROADS and Talent Hue provide further avenues for recruiting diverse talent. As of March 31, 2023, 33 of our Board members and 28 of our workforce identify as diverse. In Fiscal 2023, 31 of our new hires were females and our overall workforce is 35 female. 
 Employee Growth and Development 
 We offer a meaningful work environment with experiences and opportunities to grow and develop. This starts with the opportunity for continuous learning and the opportunity to do challenging, transformative work that helps our team build skills at all levels, including leadership opportunities, coaching, and mentoring. In addition to mandatory training on compliance matters and policies, we provide and encourage employees to partake in optional career development, health and wellness, and employee engagement activities and training. 
 We conduct surveys that gauge employee sentiment in areas like career development, manager performance and inclusivity, and we are committed to taking steps to address areas needing improvement. 
 Employee Health and Safety 
 We strive to provide a safe workplace environment and have implemented policies to support the health and safety of our employees, including a work-from-home policy. Following a shift to work from home in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic crisis, we have moved to a hybrid model requiring employees to work from the office three days a week, three weeks a month. We believe this approach balances the benefits of team development of office-based work with the personal and environmental benefits of working from home. Employees needing in-person access to laboratories or other resources onsite are not eligible for hybrid work. We believe that we have learned to operate successfully in this unique environment, and we remain committed to supporting our team s new, more carbon-friendly, hybrid work program. 
 Our Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 3 Garret Mountain Plaza, Suite 401, Woodland Park, New Jersey 07424 and 8260 Greensboro Drive, Suite 501, McLean, Virginia. Our main telephone number is (973) 771-0300. We were originally incorporated in California in 1997 and reincorporated in Delaware in 2014. Our website is www.anterix.com. 
 Available Information 
 Our Annual Reports on From 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act are made available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commissions SEC ). The SEC maintains an internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We include our website address in this Annual Report only as an inactive textual reference. The information on or accessible through our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report, and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed through, our website a part of this Annual Report or our other filings with the SEC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report and our other reports and filings made with the SEC, in evaluating our business and prospects. If any of the risks discussed in this Annual Report occur, our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, in which case the trading price of our common stock could decline significantly. Some statements in this Annual Report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements. 

Page 17 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Obtaining Broadband Licenses, the Retuning Process and the Use of Our Spectrum 
 Our plans to commercialize our 900 MHz spectrum assets depend on our ability to qualify for and obtain broadband licenses from the FCC in accordance with the requirements of the Report and Order. If we are unable to obtain broadband licenses on favorable terms and on a timely basis, our business, liquidity, results of operations and prospects will be materially adversely affected. 
 Our plans to commercialize our 900 MHz spectrum assets depend on our ability to obtain broadband licenses in accordance with the requirements of the Report and Order. The Report and Order establishes three general eligibility requirements to obtain a broadband license, which we refer to herein as (i) the 50 Licensed Spectrum Test, (ii) the 90 Broadband Segment Test and (iii) the 240 Channel Requirement. We will need to satisfy all eligibility requirements in each county in the United States for which we desire to obtain a broadband license. Under the 50 Licensed Spectrum Test, we must demonstrate that we hold more than 50 of the licensed channels in the 900 MHz band in the applicable county. Under the 90 Broadband Segment Test, we must provide the FCC with a plan demonstrating that we hold, or have agreements with Covered Incumbents for, at least 90 of the licensed channels in the 6 MHz broadband segment designated by the FCC and within 70 miles of the county boundary. Under the 240 Channel Requirement, we must surrender 6 MHz of broadband or narrowband spectrum (or 240 channels) in the applicable county to the FCC. If we do not have a sufficient number of channels to satisfy any of these eligibility requirements, we will be required to purchase the additional channels from incumbents in privately negotiated transactions, swap our existing channels with incumbents (including any required retuning of the incumbent radio systems), demonstrate the ability to protect Covered Incumbents or effectively purchase channels not previously licensed by the FCC by making an Anti-Windfall Payment. The amount of spectrum we will be required to purchase and/or swap and the amount of any Anti-Windfall Payment will vary in each county based on our existing spectrum holdings in such county. Our ability to acquire and/or swap the additional spectrum necessary to secure broadband licenses in a desired county on a timely and cost-effective basis will depend on the incumbents who hold the additional spectrum we need to acquire or swap and their operations that we may need to retune or replace. Obtaining the required spectrum to qualify for broadband licenses may take longer and be more expensive than we currently anticipate. In addition, as discussed in more detail below, incumbents may elect not to sell or swap their existing channels on reasonable terms, or at all, and until we obtain a broadband license from the FCC, we will not be able to utilize the Mandatory Retuning procedures the FCC established in the Report and Order. If we are unable to obtain broadband licenses on favorable terms and on a timely basis, or at all, our business, liquidity, results of operations and prospects will be materially adversely affected. In addition, significant costs or delays beyond what we have anticipated in our business plan will further delay us from commercializing our spectrum assets, and may prevent us from returning capital to stockholders (through dividends or stock repurchases) and require us to seek additional sources of capital and liquidity in order to carry out our business and plans, which could cause significant dilution to our existing stockholders. See the risk factor entitled We may not be able to correctly estimate our operating expenses or future revenues, which could lead to cash shortfalls, and may prevent us from returning capital to our stockholders and require us to secure additional financing . 
 The v oluntary exchange process established by the FCC in the Report and Order may not allow us to clear or relocate incumbents in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 The Report and Order establishes a market-driven, voluntary exchange process for clearing the channels in the broadband segment on a county-by-county basis. When we apply for a broadband license, we will need to demonstrate that we satisfy the 90 Broadband Segment Test. The fact that we will need to account for 90 of the licensed channels in the broadband segment before we can file for a broadband application, can lead to holdouts by Covered Incumbents. For example, a Covered Incumbent may demand compensation in an amount that is disproportionate to the cost of relocating its system or any reasonable reflection of the value of its spectrum holdings or may elect not to negotiate an agreement at all. In the Report and Order, the FCC has established that a Broadband license can trigger a Mandatory Retuning process to help a broadband applicant clear the remaining channels in the broadband segment. There is no assurance, however, that we can swap or acquire sufficient channels, including purchasing additional spectrum, swapping spectrum or entering into protective agreements with Covered Incumbents, to satisfy the 90 Broadband Segment Test on a timely basis and on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Further, even if we satisfy the 90 Broadband Segment Test, as part of the Mandatory Retuning process we will be required to pay any costs associated with providing Covered Incumbents with comparable facilities and paying relocation costs. 
 In addition, the FCC has exempted channels from the Mandatory Retuning process that are being utilized by incumbents operating Complex Systems. The FCC exempted Complex Systems from the Mandatory Retuning requirements because retuning these systems could be complex and disruptive to the incumbent operators. Complex Systems are located in some of the largest business and population centers in the United States. Most are operated by electric utilities, including some utilities that actively opposed our 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum initiatives that resulted in the Report and Order. This exemption effectively prevents us from obtaining broadband licenses in counties where these Complex Systems are located (or if a Complex System is being operated within 70 miles of a county boundary for which we are attempting to obtain a broadband license) without the incumbent s consent, which could be withheld for any reason, or for no reason. As a result, the incumbents 
 
 Page 18 

Table of Contents 

 operating Complex Systems can make demands that are not commercially reasonable (including the commercial terms to obtain the use of our spectrum), delay their decision or refuse to negotiate with us altogether. Our inability to obtain broadband licenses in counties where Complex Systems are currently being operated (or are being operated within 70 miles of a county boundary for which we are attempting to obtain a broadband license) could have a material adverse effect on our operations and business plan, our future prospects and opportunities and on our ability to develop a profitable business. 
 The members of the AAR may delay or hinder our ability to commercialize broadband licenses. 
 The AAR holds a nationwide geographic license for six non-contiguous channels in the 900 MHz band, three of which are located within the broadband segment established by the FCC in the Report and Order. These channels are used by freight railroads for Advanced Train Control System operations. We recognized from the outset of the 900 MHz proceedings the importance of reaching agreements with the railroads about their relocation and worked with them throughout the FCC process. The Report and Order acknowledged the agreement we had reached with the AAR. In January 2020, we formalized our AAR Agreement with the AAR in which we agreed to provide licenses in the 900 MHz band to enable the AAR to relocate its operations, including operations utilizing the three channels located in the 900 MHz broadband segment. We cancelled these licenses in June 2020 in accordance with the AAR Agreement and the FCC Report and Order. Delays by members of the AAR in clearing their channels in the broadband segment could delay or hinder our ability to commercialize broadband licenses and the ability of our customers to deploy 3 x 3 MHz broadband networks in the affected area, which could cause delays, penalties or have a material adverse effect on our operations and business plan, our future prospects and opportunities and on our ability to develop a profitable business. 
 We may not be successful in commercializing our spectrum assets on a timely basis or in accordance with our business plans and expectations. 
 We have identified utilities and other critical infrastructure enterprises as our initial target customers. As of the date of this filing, we have signed long-term leases of our spectrum assets with Ameren, Evergy and Xcel Energy and have entered into agreements to sell our spectrum assets to SDG E and LCRA. Although we are in discussions with other utilities and critical infrastructure enterprises, there is no assurance that these discussions will continue to progress or eventually result in contracts with these entities or that we will be successful in our efforts to commercialize our spectrum assets and other service offerings. For example, utilities or other critical infrastructure enterprises may not elect to acquire use of any broadband licenses we secure on terms satisfactory to us or for a consideration that represents what we believe is the fair market value for the rights to our spectrum, on a timely basis, or at all. Similarly, there is no assurance that utilities or other critical infrastructure customers will retain us for any other value-added services we offer them. As a result, our prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of implementing a new business plan and pursuing opportunities in highly competitive and rapidly developing markets. 
 In addition, under our current business plan, we generally intend to enter into long-term leasing or other transfer arrangements for our spectrum assets in one county with one customer, or a limited number of customers, in each geographic area. We also expect that our customers will pay what we believe is the fair market value for rights to our spectrum and bear the costs of deploying and operating their private broadband networks. As a result, many geographic areas may have only one or a limited number of potential customers and if we are not successful with this customer or limited number of customers, our spectrum may not be utilized, and we will not be able to generate revenues from owning spectrum in that geographic area. In addition, even if we enter a long-term lease or transfer arrangement for a geographic area, we expect payments by our customer in such area will be contingent on our ability to clear incumbents and take the other necessary actions to secure broadband licenses on a timely basis. Our customers also will typically require rights to all spectrum we have in its geographic operating area. Because of this, we may not have additional spectrum assets to lease in such geographical area to other potential customers. Further, other than our lease or transfer arrangements, we will not generate revenue from the operation of the broadband networks or technologies deployed by our customers. As a result, there is considerable uncertainty as to whether we can generate sufficient revenues to develop a profitable business from leasing or otherwise transferring our licensed 900 MHz spectrum on a timely basis, or at all. 
 Our ability to successfully commercialize our spectrum assets will also depend on the commercial availability of technology, products and solutions that can both utilize the broadband licenses we secure and satisfy our customers demands. Our spectrum assets are located within the 3GPP global standard of Band 8 (also known as the E-GSM band, or 880 - 915 MHz paired with 925 - 960 MHz). Band 8 has been internationally approved and is currently being utilized with LTE broadband networks. However, we may not be able to continue to convince chipmakers and other technology, product and solution manufacturers and vendors to develop the technology, products and solutions required to satisfy our customers various use cases and meet the technical specifications established in the Report and Order. Further, adverse economic conditions, including as a result of health pandemics, inflation, regulatory actions and policy changes, and geopolitical matters, may result in supply chain issues which limit our customer s ability to obtain the necessary technology and products to deploy an LTE broadband network utilizing our spectrum. If such technologies, products and solutions are not available or competitively priced or are 
 
 Page 19 

Table of Contents 

 significantly delayed, our customers may decide not to lease any broadband licenses we secure on acceptable terms, on a timely basis, or at all. 
 Further, our assessment that we should target utilities and other critical infrastructure entities as customers for our spectrum is based on our determination that these entities have regulatory and other incentives to install a significant number of new technologies, such as smart devices and sensors, that will generate an increasing amount of data that cannot be addressed well by their existing communication networks and systems. Our potential customers, however, are large organizations and their decision to implement private broadband networks, technologies and solutions is an involved decision and will require significant capital outlays. Any negotiation and contract process with these potential customers has taken, and likely will continue to take, a significant amount of time and effort to work through their approval and funding processes. In addition, there is no assurance that the governmental agencies that regulate these entities will allow them to pass the capital costs of implementing broadband networks, technologies and solutions utilizing our spectrum on to their ratepayers, which could cause these entities to be unable to afford, or to elect not to pursue, rights to our spectrum assets. In addition, although there is broad availability of broadband LTE, there is no assurance that our targeted customers will be able to utilize existing broadband networks, technologies and solutions with our spectrum for their desired use cases without requiring modifications to existing equipment or engaging in product and/or service development efforts, any of which could result in deployment delays, require them or us to invest in technology or other development activities or otherwise adversely limit the potential benefits or value of our spectrum assets. If any of these risks occur or continue beyond our plans and expectations, our plans to commercialize our spectrum assets may not be as valuable as we expect and we may experience significant delays in our commercialization plans, which will have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are subject to contingencies and obligations under our commercial agreements with our customers including the delivery of cleared spectrum and broadband licenses on a timely basis, and as a result, there is no assurance that we will receive payments from such customers in the amounts and on the timeline we currently expect, or that any payments we have received to date, including from Evergy, will not be subject to repayment or that we will not be subject to contract claims, including rights of termination. 
 We are subject to contingencies and obligations under our commercial agreements with Ameren, SDG E, Evergy, Xcel Energy and LCRA, including the delivery of cleared spectrum and broadband licenses in the designated service territories on a timely basis. There is no assurance that we will be able to clear incumbents from Ameren s, SDG E s, Evergy s, Xcel Energy s, and/or LCRA s respective service territories and obtain broadband licenses from the FCC on the timeline required under our agreements, or at all. Ameren s, SDG E s, Evergy s, Xcel Energy s, and LCRA s respective payment obligations, including our ability to maintain any upfront payments and any future payment obligations under these agreements, are contingent on our ability to deliver cleared spectrum and Broadband Spectrum licenses on the timelines required in these agreements. As a result, there is no assurance that we will be able to retain any upfront payments or receive future payments in the amounts and on the timeline we currently expect, or at all. Further, Ameren, Evergy and Xcel Energy may not elect to exercise their options for additional terms contemplated by the terms of the long-term lease agreements. Further, our costs to clear incumbents, qualify for broadband licenses and perform our other obligations under our agreements with Ameren, SDG E, Evergy, Xcel Energy and LCRA may be significantly more than we currently anticipate, which could increase our capital expenses and reduce the net revenue or proceeds we recognize from these agreements. 
 Macroeconomic pressures resulting from health epidemics, including the recent COVID-19 pandemic, unfavorable market conditions, regulatory and policy changes, and ongoing geopolitical matters, may have an adverse impact on our business, financial results, stock price and results of operations as well as the business of our current and potential customers. 
 While the severity of the recent COVID-19 pandemic has lessened significantly, the pandemic has had a significant negative impact on the macroeconomic environment, such as decreases in per capital income and level of disposable income, inflation, rising interest rates, and supply chain issues. Ongoing geopolitical matters have also contributed to difficult macroeconomic conditions and exacerbated supply chain issues, resulting in significant economic uncertainty as well as volatility in the financial markets and new regulatory and policy initiatives particularly in the United States. Such conditions may adversely impact our business, financial results, and prospects and our target customers businesses. In addition, such macroeconomic conditions could impact our ability to access the public markets as and when appropriate or necessary to carry out our operations or our strategic goals. We cannot predict the ongoing extent, duration or severity of these conditions, nor the extent to which we may be impacted. 
 To the extent macroeconomic conditions worsen, our business, operations and results of operation could be negatively impacted. Additionally, to the extent that there is a resurgence in the COVID-19 pandemic, or other health epidemics or outbreaks, our operations could be disrupted and our business adversely impacted. Such disruptions or impacts may be similar to those we faced during the COVID-19 pandemic, such as mandated business closures in impacted areas, limitations with employee resources due to stay at home orders or sickness of employees or their families, reduction of our business operations 
 
 Page 20 

Table of Contents 

 and the business operations of our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers, all of which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial results, stock price and results of operations. 
 Our initiatives with the federal and state agencies and commissions that regulate electric utilities may not be successful. 
 Our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers are highly regulated by both federal and state agencies. Electrical utilities, for example, are regulated by federal agencies including the Department of Energy, the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the NIST. We are working with each of these agencies to educate them about the potential benefits that private broadband LTE networks, technologies and solutions utilizing our spectrum assets can offer utilities. We are also working with state agencies and commissions who regulate the electrical utilities in their respective states, and who have a strong influence over electric utility buying decisions in their jurisdictions. Our goal with these state agencies and commissions is to gain their support for allowing utilities to pass the capital costs of leasing our spectrum assets and deploying private broadband LTE networks, technologies and solutions to ratepayers, including at a customary rate of return for the utility company. We are in the early stages of our initiatives with these federal and state agencies and commissions. We may not be successful in gaining support from these governmental bodies on a timely basis, or at all, which could hinder or delay our commercialization efforts with utilities and other entities. If we do not gain support from these governmental bodies, our targeted critical infrastructure customers may not find it commercially feasible to lease our spectrum assets. 
 We may not be able to maintain any broadband licenses that we own and/or obtain from the FCC. 
 The FCC issues each spectrum license for a fixed period, typically ten years in the case of the FCC licenses for the narrowband spectrum we currently hold and 15 years for any broadband licenses we have or intend to secure in the future. The Report and Order establishes performance or build-out requirements that we will be required to meet to retain and renew any broadband licenses we obtain Build-out Requirements ). Performance will be measured at the six- and twelve-year anniversaries of each broadband license. Although we have contractual rights and remedies with our licensees in the event of their failure to meet the Build-Out Requirements, a failure to satisfy the six-year anniversary requirements, accelerates the twelve-year anniversary to a ten-year anniversary requirement. A failure to satisfy these requirements could result in the FCC s termination of a broadband license or refusal to renew a previously issued broadband license. In addition, under our business plan, we intend for our customers to be responsible to pay the build-out and operating costs of such broadband systems. Such Build-Out Requirements could impose a significant expense and could cause potential customers to decide not to license broadband licenses from us, or to seek alternative communication solutions from other providers. 
 Government regulations or actions taken by governmental bodies could adversely affect our business prospects, liquidity and results of operations, including any changes by the FCC to the Report and Order or to the FCC rules and regulations governing the 900 MHz band. 
 The licensing and sale of spectrum assets, as well as the deployment and operation of wireless networks and technologies, are regulated by the FCC and, depending on the jurisdiction, by state and local regulatory agencies. In particular, the FCC imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how FCC licenses may be transferred or sold. The FCC also regulates how the spectrum is used by licensees, the nature of the services that licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, including resolution of issues of interference between spectrum bands. Failure to comply with FCC requirements applicable to a given licensee could result in revocation or non-renewal of the license, depending on the nature and severity of the non-compliance. If we, or any of the future licensees of our spectrum assets, fail to comply with applicable FCC regulations, we may be subject to sanctions or lose our FCC licenses, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 In addition, the FCC and other federal, state and local governmental authorities could adopt new regulations or take actions, including imposing taxes or fees on our business that could have a materially adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Further, the FCC or Congress may make additional spectrum available for communications services, which may result in the introduction of additional competitive entrants to the already crowded wireless communications marketplace in which we compete. For example, the federal government created and funded the FRNA which the federal government authorized to help accomplish, fund and oversee the deployment of the dedicated NPSBN. The NPSBN, which is marketed as FirstNet , may provide an additional source of competition to utilizing our 900 MHz spectrum assets by our targeted critical infrastructure and enterprise customers. 

Page 21 

Table of Contents 

 The value of our spectrum assets may fluctuate significantly based on supply and demand, as well as technical and regulatory changes. 
 The FCC spectrum licenses we hold are our most valuable asset. The value of our spectrum, however, may fluctuate based on various factors, including, among others: 
 the cost and time required to comply with the FCC s requirements to obtain broadband licenses in the 900 MHz band, including purchasing additional spectrum and retuning and relocating incumbents; 
 our ability to enter long-term leases or transfer arrangements with our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers on a timely basis and on commercially reasonable terms; 
 potential uses of our spectrum based on the Report and Order and available technology; 
 the market availability of, and demand for, broadband spectrum; 
 the demand for private broadband networks, technologies and solutions by our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers; and 
 regulatory changes by the FCC to make additional spectrum available or to promote more flexible uses of existing spectrum in other bands. 
 Similarly, the price of any additional spectrum we desire to purchase to enable us to qualify for broadband licenses or our future business plans will also fluctuate based on similar factors. Any decline in the value of our spectrum or increases in the cost of the spectrum we acquire could have an adverse effect on our market value and our business and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We may not be able to correctly estimate our operating expenses or future revenues, which could lead to cash shortfalls, and may prevent us from returning capital to our stockholders and require us to secure additional financing. 
 We dedicated significant resources to support the FCC s approval of the Report and Order. We have expended, and will need to continue to expend substantial resources for the foreseeable future, to commercialize and promote the benefits of deploying broadband systems to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers. We also will need to expend substantial resources for the foreseeable future to qualify for and obtain broadband licenses, including the costs related to retuning incumbent systems, purchasing additional spectrum from incumbents and/or making Anti-Windfall Payments to the U.S. Treasury to commercialize our spectrum assets. We believe our cash and cash equivalents on hand, along with contracted proceeds from customers will be sufficient to meet our financial obligations through at least 12 months from the date of this filing. 
 Our budgeted expense levels are based in part on our expectations and assumptions regarding the timing and costs to qualify for and obtain broadband licenses, the demand by our target customers to utilize our spectrum assets to deploy broadband networks, technologies and solutions and the time required to enter into binding contracts with our target customers. However, we may not correctly predict the amount or timing of our future revenues and our operating expenses, which may fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and may be materially different than our announced plans and expectations. These factors include: 
 the cost and time required to obtain broadband licenses, including the costs to clear the 900 MHz band and to acquire additional spectrum from incumbents and/or to make Anti-Windfall Payments; 
 our ability to qualify for and utilize the Mandatory Retuning process established by the Report and Order; 
 our ability to negotiate agreements with the operators of Complex Systems; 
 the cost and time to promote, market and commercialize our spectrum assets, including the long sales cycle required to enter commercial arrangements with our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers; 
 the commercial terms, including the length of the lease and the timing of payments, in our future commercial arrangements with our targeted customers; 
 the costs associated with increasing the size of our organization, including the costs to attract and retain personnel with the skills required to support our business plans; 
 adverse economic conditions, including as a result of inflation, that delay or otherwise hinder our commercialization efforts; and 
 the funds we return to stockholders through our share repurchase program. 
 Other costs may arise that we currently do not anticipate and unanticipated events may occur that reduce the amounts and delay the timing of our future revenues. We may not be able to adjust our operations in a timely manner to compensate for any shortfall in our revenues, delays in obtaining broadband licenses, delays in entering commercial agreements for our spectrum or increases in the expenses required to secure broadband licenses and implement our commercialization and business plans. 
 Further, our assumptions regarding the terms of any spectrum transactions we enter into with our targeted customers, including the timing of customer payments, may turn out to be inaccurate. As a result, a significant shortfall in our planned revenues, a significant delay in obtaining broadband licenses and entering into agreements for our spectrum assets, customers 
 
 Page 22 

Table of Contents 

 electing not to make significant pre-payments under the terms of any agreements we enter into or significant increases in our planned expenses could have an immediate and material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. In such case, we may not be able to return capital to our stockholders through dividends and stock repurchases and may be required to issue additional equity or debt securities or enter into other commercial arrangements to secure the additional financial resources to support our future operations and the implementation of our business plans. Such financing may result in dilution to stockholders, imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations, or other restrictions that may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. 
 We have a limited operating history with our current business plan, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future financial results and our business activities, strategic approaches and plans may not be successful. 
 Although we were incorporated in 1997, our business is now reliant on our ability to secure broadband licenses pursuant to the Report and Order and to commercialize our spectrum assets to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers. Since the Report and Order, we have signed commercial agreements with five of our target utility and critical infrastructure customers for the long-term lease or transfer of our spectrum assets. Although we are in discussions with other utilities and critical infrastructure companies, and we believe many of these utility and critical infrastructure customers have demonstrated an intention to acquire use of our 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum based on their level of engagement, there is no assurance that these discussions will continue to progress or will eventually result in contracts with these entities. There also is no assurance regarding the terms of any agreements we enter into with our target customers, including the time required to enter into an agreement and the amount or timing of any payments from any executed agreement. In addition, there is no assurance that we will be able to satisfy our obligations under our commercial agreements, including our obligations to secure broadband licenses on a timely basis and on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. As a result, there is no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to commercialize our spectrum assets and other service offerings. Further, our ability to forecast our future operating results is limited and subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including our ability to accurately forecast and estimate our future revenues and the expenses and time required to obtain broadband licenses and pursue our commercialization plans. We have encountered, and expect to continue to encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by new businesses in highly competitive, technical and rapidly changing markets. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties are incorrect, or if there are adverse changes in our commercialization plans or opportunities or general economic conditions, or if we do not manage or address these risks and uncertainties successfully, our results of operations could differ materially and adversely from our expectations. 
 As a business with a limited operating history with our current business plan, any future success will depend, in large part, on our ability to, among other things: 
 comply with the requirements and restrictions the FCC has established in the Report and Order to qualify for and obtain broadband licenses in key geographic areas on a timely and cost-effective basis; 
 successfully commercialize our spectrum assets to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all; 
 comply with our obligations under our existing and any future agreements with our customers on a timely basis and on commercially reasonable terms; 
 compete against other wireless companies, such as Verizon, AT T, T-Mobile, Dish and UScellular, manufacturers and vendors who have significantly greater resources and pricing flexibility, long-term relationships with our targeted customers and greater political and regulatory influence; 
 successfully convince chipmakers and other technology, product and solution manufacturers and vendors to develop the technology, products and solutions required to satisfy our customers various use cases and meet the technical specifications established in the Report and Order; and 
 successfully manage and grow our internal business, regulatory, technical and commercial operations in an efficient and cost-effective manner . 
 Any failure to achieve one or more of these objectives could adversely affect our business, our results of operations and our financial condition. 
 Many of the third parties who offer spectrum and communication technologies, products and solutions to our targeted customers have existing long-term relationships with these targeted customers and have significantly more resources and greater political and regulatory influence than we do, and we may not be able to successfully compete with these third parties. 
 Our competitors include retail wireless network providers, such as Verizon, AT T, T-Mobile, Dish and UScellular, private radio operators and other public and private companies who supply communication networks, technologies, products and solutions to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure entities. Many of these competitors have significantly more resources, a longer track record of providing technologies, products and solutions to our targeted customers and greater political and regulatory influence than we do, all of which could prevent, delay or increase the costs of commercializing the broadband 
 
 Page 23 

Table of Contents 

 licenses we secure to our targeted customers. In addition, we expect our targeted customers will bear the cost of installing and operating the broadband networks, technologies and solutions utilizing our licensed spectrum, thereby requiring the replacement of some or all of their existing communication systems. Given these significant capital requirements, there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully commercialize our spectrum assets, especially in light of the competitive environment in which we operate, and the wide variety of technologies, products and solutions offered by our competitors. Further, in the process of pursuing broadband licenses, we may be required to make significant concessions or contractual commitments, make significant payments or assume significant costs, purchase additional spectrum or replacement communication systems or limit the use of our spectrum assets or restrict our pursuit of business opportunities to address the concerns expressed by incumbents and other interested parties. 
 In addition, the FCC and other federal, state and local governmental authorities could adopt new regulations or take actions, including making additional spectrum available that can be utilized by our targeted customers, which could harm our ability to license our spectrum assets. For example, the federal government created and funded the FRNA, which the federal government authorized to help accomplish, fund, and oversee the deployment of a dedicated NPSBN. The NPSBN, which is marketed as FirstNet , may provide an additional source of competition to utilizing our 900 MHz spectrum assets by our targeted utility and critical infrastructure enterprises. 
 Some of our competitors, such as Verizon, AT T, T-Mobile, Dish and UScellular , have significantly greater pricing flexibility, have taken steps and may decide to compete against us more aggressively. These and other competitors may own or acquire spectrum that directly competes with our 900 MHz spectrum and/or have developed or may develop technologies that directly compete with our solutions. If competitors offer spectrum rights or services, technologies and solutions to our targeted customers at prices and terms that make the licensing of our spectrum assets unattractive, our ability to license or otherwise commercialize our spectrum assets could be impaired. As a result, we may be unable to attract customers at prices or on terms that would be favorable, or at all, which could have an adverse effect on the growth and timing of any future revenues. In addition, we may not be able to fund or invest in certain areas of our business to the same degree as our competitors. Many have substantially greater product development and marketing budgets and other financial and regulatory personnel resources than we do. Many also have greater name and brand recognition and a larger base of customers than we have. Competition could increase our selling and marketing expenses and related customer acquisition costs. We may not have the financial resources, technical expertise or marketing and support capabilities to compete successfully. 
 If we are unable to attract new customers, our results of operations and our business will be adversely affected. 
 Our targeted customers are large, heavily-regulated enterprises and our business plan requires these customers to commit to long-term transactions for our spectrum and then to purchase and deploy broadband network equipment, solutions and services utilizing our leased spectrum. There are typically a number of constituencies within each of our targeted customers that need to review and approve the commercial agreements of our spectrum before signing a contract with us. As a result, we have experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, long sales cycles with our targeted customers. In addition, numerous other factors, many of which are out of our control, may now or in the future impact our ability to acquire new customers, including not gaining support from governmental bodies that regulate our customers, the ability of our customers to pass their broadband spectrum use and deployment costs to their ratepayers, our customers existing commitments to other providers or communication solutions, real or perceived costs of leasing our spectrum assets and deploying broadband networks, solutions and services, our failure to expand, retain and motivate our sales and marketing personnel, our failure to develop or expand relationships with the manufacturers or suppliers of broadband technologies, solutions and services that can be utilized on our spectrum, negative media, industry or financial analyst commentary regarding us or our solutions, litigation, the spectrum and service offerings of our competitors, the adverse impacts of the health pandemics and deteriorating general economic conditions and events. Any of these factors could impact our ability to attract new customers to lease or obtain rights to our spectrum assets. As a result of these and other factors, we may be unable to timely attract enough customers to support our operating costs, which would harm our business and results of operations. 
 We have had net losses each year since our inception and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We have incurred net losses each year since our inception and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future for a number of reasons, including without limitation, the costs to obtain broadband licenses, including the costs to clear the 900 MHz band, the costs to promote and commercialize our spectrum assets to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers, our inability to commercialize our spectrum assets to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers on a timely basis and on commercially favorable terms and changes in our revenue recognition policies. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may result in significant delays in our business plans, levels of revenue below our current expectations, or losses or expenses that exceed our current expectations. If our losses or expenses exceed our expectations or our revenue assumptions are not met in future periods, we may never achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 
 Page 24 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income, if any, may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 90.3 million of federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards, expiring in various amounts from 2023 through 2038, to offset future taxable income and the remaining 237.5 million of which can be carried forward indefinitely but limited to 80 of future taxable income when used. In the United States, utilization of the NOL carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and similar state provisions due to ownership change limitations that have occurred previously or that could occur in the future. The NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes of ours may also be subject to limitations as a result of ownership changes. If we were to lose the benefits of these NOL carryforwards, our future earnings and cash resources would be materially and adversely affected. We have incurred net losses since our inception, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future; thus, we do not know whether or when we will generate the U.S. federal taxable income necessary to utilize our NOLs. 
 Our reputation and business may be harmed, and we may be subject to legal claims if there is loss, disclosure, or misappropriation of, or access to, our customers information. 
 We make extensive use of online services and centralized data processing, including through third-party service providers. The secure maintenance and transmission of customer information is an important element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems, and those of our service providers or contract partners, that maintain and transmit customer information, including location or personal information, may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network security, or that of our third-party service providers or contract partners, or impacted by unauthorized intentional or inadvertent actions or inactions by our employees, or by the employees of our third-party service providers or contract partners. Cyber-attacks, which include the use of malware, computer viruses and other means of disruption or unauthorized access, have increased in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years. While, to date, we have not been subject to cyber-attacks or other cyber incidents which, individually or in the aggregate, have been material to our operations or financial condition, the preventive actions we and our third-party service providers and contract partners take to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect information technology resources and networks may be insufficient to repel a major cyber-attack in the future. As a result, our customers information may be lost, disclosed, accessed, used, corrupted, destroyed or taken without the customers consent. Any significant compromise of our data or network security, failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of customer information and delays in detecting any such compromise or loss could disrupt our operations, impact our reputation and subject us to additional costs and liabilities, including litigation, which could produce material and adverse effects on our business and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 We may change our operations and business strategies without stockholder consent. 
 Our executive management team, with oversight from our Board, establishes our operational plans, our commercialization plans and our business strategies. Our Board and executive management team may make changes to or approve transactions that deviate from our current operations and strategies without a vote of, or prior notice to, our stockholders. This authority to change our operations, commercialization plans and business strategies could result in us conducting operational matters, making investments, pursuing spectrum opportunities, or implementing business or growth strategies in a manner different than those that we are currently pursuing. Under any of these circumstances, we may expose ourselves to different and more significant risks, decrease our revenues or increase our expenses and financial requirements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain our executive officers and key personnel and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of our executive officers and key personnel, who have unique experience and expertise in the telecommunications industry, large scale and multi-year solution selling to utilities, wireless broadband networks, FCC rulemaking and retuning and clearing spectrum to obtain FCC licenses. Although we have adopted a severance plan for our executive officers, we do not otherwise have long-term employment agreements with any of our executive officers or key personnel. There is no guarantee that these individuals will remain employed with us. In addition, we have not obtained and do not expect to obtain key man life insurance that would provide us with proceeds in the event of the death or disability of any of our executive officers or key personnel. If any of our executive officers or key personnel were to cease employment with us, our operating results and the implementation of our commercial and business terms could suffer. Further, the process of attracting and retaining suitable replacements for our executive officers and key personnel would result in transition costs and would divert the attention of other members of our senior management team from our existing operations. As a result, the loss of services from our executive officers or key personnel or a limitation in their availability could materially and adversely impact our business, prospects and results of operations. Further, such a loss could be negatively perceived in the capital markets. 
 
 Page 25 

Table of Contents 

 Recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, including effective sales personnel, are critical to our success. Competition to hire qualified personnel in our industry is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous telecommunications companies for similar personnel. 
 We will need to continue to expand our organization and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 We have significantly expanded our commercialization organization since the Report and Order was issued in May 2020. As we continue to pursue broadband licenses and implement our commercialization plans, we expect to need additional managerial, operational, technical, sales, marketing, financial, legal and other resources. Our management may need to divert its attention away from its day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could require significant expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected or budgeted, our ability to generate and/or grow revenue could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our currently anticipated business strategy. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our spectrum assets and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. Failure to manage this growth could disrupt our business operations and negatively impact our ability to achieve success. 
 If we fail to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately determine our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial results, which would materially and adversely affect our value and our ability to raise any required capital in the future. 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We have discovered in the past and may discover in the future areas of our internal controls that need improvement or additional documentation. For example, subsequent to filing the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2021, we determined that our controls and procedures were not effective as the result of a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting related to the identification, review, analysis and recording of our intangible assets, more specifically, non-monetary exchanges of our narrowband licenses for broadband licenses. The material weakness was remediated as of March 31, 2022 as the applicable remedial controls operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded through testing, that these controls were operating effectively as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 
 We cannot be certain that we will be successful in implementing or maintaining effective internal controls for all financial periods. As we grow our business, our internal controls will become more complex, and we will require significantly more resources to ensure our internal controls remain effective. The existence of any material weakness or significant deficiency in the future may require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies and management may not be able to remediate any such material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in a timely manner. In addition, the existence of any material weakness in our internal controls could also result in errors in our financial statements that could require us to restate our financial statements, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and cause stockholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information, all of which could materially and adversely affect our value and our ability to raise any required capital in the future. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 There is no assurance that a robust market in our common stock will develop or be sustained. 
 Since our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market in 2015, we have had limited daily trading volume. We cannot assure you that a more active or liquid trading market for our common stock will develop, or will be sustained if it does develop, either of which could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock, our ability to raise capital in the future and the ability of stockholders to sell their shares at the volume, prices and times desired. In addition, the risks and uncertainties related to our ability to obtain broadband licenses and our proposed business strategies makes it difficult to evaluate our business, our prospects and the valuation of our Company, which limits the liquidity and volume of our common stock and may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 Our common stock prices may be volatile, which could cause the value of our common stock to decline. 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. Some of the factors that could negatively affect or result in fluctuations in the market price of our common stock include: 
 the timing and costs of securing broadband licenses; 
 our ability to enter into contracts with our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers, on a timely basis or at all; 
 the terms of our customer contracts, including pre-payments and our contractual obligations; 
 
 Page 26 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to comply with our obligations, on a timely and cost-effective basis, under our existing customer contracts; 
 market reaction to any changes in our business plans or strategies; 
 announcements, offerings or actions by our competitors; 
 governmental regulations or actions taken by governmental bodies; 
 additions or departures of any of our executive officers or key personnel; 
 actions by our stockholders; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 general market, economic and political conditions, including an economic slowdown, inflation or dislocation in the global credit markets; 
 our operating performance and the performance of other similar companies; 
 changes in accounting principles, judgments or assumptions; and 
 passage of legislation or other regulatory developments that adversely affect us or our industry. 
 Concentration of ownership will limit your ability to influence corporate matters. 
 Based on our review of publicly available filings as of June 09, 2023, funds affiliated with Owl Creek Asset Management Owl Creek beneficially owned approximately 28.4 , funds affiliated with Heard Capital LLC owned approximately 7.9 , funds affiliated with Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. owned approximately 6.8 , funds affiliated with BlackRock, Inc. owned approximately 6.8 , and funds affiliated with GIC Private Limited owned approximately 6.1 of our outstanding common stock. These four investment firms collectively beneficially own approximately 56.0 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Although we are not aware of any voting arrangements between these stockholders, our significant stockholders can determine (if acting together) or significantly influence: (i) the outcome of any corporate actions submitted by our Board for approval by our stockholders and (ii) any proposals or director nominees submitted by a stockholder. Further, they could place significant pressure on our Board to pursue corporate actions, director candidates and business opportunities they identify. For example, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 Fiscal 2022 we engaged in cooperative discussions with Owl Creek regarding Owl Creek s interest in nominating an individual to our Board and in Fiscal 2023 we added Jeffrey Altman, managing member of the general partner of Owl Creek, to our Board. In addition, in its recent filings with the SEC, Owl Creek reported that it expects to continue to engage in cooperative discussions with our management and Board concerning ways to work together to achieve our strategic objectives. Owl Creek and our other significant stockholders could effectively block a proposed sale of the company, even if recommended by our Board. Alternatively, these stockholders could place pressure on our Board to pursue a sale of the company or its assets. As a result of this concentration of ownership, our other stockholders may have no effective voice in our corporate actions or the operations of our business, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Future sales of our common stock, or preferred stock, or of other securities convertible into our common stock or preferred stock, could cause the market value of our common stock to decline and could result in dilution of your shares. 
 Our Board is authorized, without stockholder approval, to permit us to issue additional shares of common stock or to raise capital through the creation and issuance of preferred stock, other debt securities convertible into common stock or preferred stock, options, warrants and other rights, on terms and for consideration as our Board in its sole discretion may determine. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, including sales by our officers, directors or 5 and greater stockholders, or of preferred stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly. We cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of our common stock, or the availability of our common stock for future sales, on the value of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock by any one or more of our large stockholders, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be utilized to the full value approved or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Repurchases we consummate could increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and could have a negative impact on our available cash balance. 
 Our Board authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we may repurchase up to 50.0 million of our common stock on or before September 29, 2023. The manner, timing and amount of any share repurchases may fluctuate and will be determined by us based on a variety of factors, including the market price of our common stock, our priorities for the use of cash to support our business operations and plans, general business and market conditions, tax laws, and alternative investment opportunities. The share repurchase program authorization does not obligate us to acquire any specific number or dollar value of shares. Further, our share repurchases could have an impact on our share trading prices, increase the volatility of the price of our common stock, or reduce our available cash balance such that we will be required to seek financing to support our operations. Our share repurchase program may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading prices of our common stock. Even if our share repurchase program is fully implemented, it may not 
 
 Page 27 

Table of Contents 

 enhance long-term stockholder value. Additionally, repurchases are subject to the 1 Share Repurchase Excise Tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act, which may be offset by shares newly issued during that fiscal year (the Share Repurchase Excise Tax ). We have and will continue to take the Share Repurchase Excise Tax into account with respect to our decisions to repurchase shares. 
 Future offerings of debt securities or preferred stock, which would rank senior to our common stock in the event of our bankruptcy or liquidation, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making offerings of debt securities or otherwise incurring debt. In the event of our bankruptcy or liquidation, holders of our debt securities may be entitled to receive distributions of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. In addition, we may offer preferred stock that provides holders with a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividend payments or both or that could otherwise limit our ability to pay dividends or make liquidating distributions to the holders of our common stock. Although we have no present plans to do so, our decision to issue debt securities or to issue preferred stock in any future offerings or otherwise incur debt may depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. As a result, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings, and investors in our common stock bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and/or diluting their ownership interest in us. 
 Certain anti-takeover defenses and applicable law may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of us. 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as amended (the Amended and Restated Bylaws ), could discourage, delay, or prevent a merger, acquisition, or other change of control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. These provisions also could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. These provisions, among other things: 
 allow the authorized number of directors to be changed only by resolution of our Board; 
 authorize our Board to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock, the rights of which will be determined at the discretion of our Board and that, if issued, could operate as a poison pill to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer to prevent an acquisition that our Board does not approve; 
 establish advance notice requirements for stockholder nominations to our Board or for stockholder proposals that can be acted on at stockholder meetings; and 
 limit who may call a stockholders meeting. 
 In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). In general, Section 203 of the DGCL prevents an interested stockholder (as defined in the DGCL) from engaging in a business combination (as defined in the DGCL) with us for three years following the date that person becomes an interested stockholder unless one or more of the following occurs: 
 before that person became an interested stockholder, our Board approved the transaction in which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder or approved the business combination; 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the interested stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) stock held by directors who are also officers of our Company and by employee stock plans that do not provide employees with the right to determine confidentially whether shares held under the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 
 following the transaction in which that person became an interested stockholder, the business combination is approved by our Board and authorized at a meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 The DGCL generally defines interested stockholder as any person who, together with affiliates and associates, is the owner of 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock or is our affiliate or associate and was the owner of 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock at any time within the three-year period immediately before the date of determination. As a result, our election to be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL could limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of us. 

Page 28 

Table of Contents 

Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL, our Amended and Restated Bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and officers provide that: 
 we will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful; 
 we may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law; 
 we are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification; 
 we will not be obligated pursuant to our Amended and Restated Bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us or our other indemnities, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our Board or brought to enforce a right to indemnification; 
 the rights conferred in our Amended and Restated Bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons; and 
 we may not retroactively amend our bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. 
 As a result, claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We maintain offices in Woodland Park, New Jersey, McLean, Virginia and Abilene, Texas. The lease for our corporate headquarters at 3 Garret Mountain Plaza, Suite 401, Woodland Park, New Jersey, which was renewed in February 2017 for an additional 10 years, is for 19,276 square feet of office space with a termination date of June 2027. We have the right of first offer for adjacent space if it becomes available. In February 2019, we entered into a lease agreement for our second office space located at 8260 Greensboro Drive, Suite 501, McLean, Virginia for 5.5 years, which was amended in September 2022 to expand the office by an additional 2,847 square feet for a total of 8,212 square feet with a termination date of October 2024. In November 2018, we entered into a lease agreement to store equipment located at 5520 North First Street, Abilene, Texas for 5 years with a termination date of October 2023. The leased warehouse includes approximately 37,409 square feet. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our current needs. 
 We do not own any real property. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not involved in any material legal proceedings or other legal matters at this time. However, from time to time, we may be involved in litigation that arises from the ordinary operations of business, such as contractual or employment disputes or other general actions. See Note 12 Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this Annual Report for a further discussion of potential commitments and contingencies related to legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Page 29 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Shares of our common stock are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ATEX . 
 As of June 09, 2023, we had 19,042,634 shares of common stock outstanding and approximately 108 record holders of our common stock, including common stock held through brokerage firms in street name. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in any financing instruments and such other factors as our Board deems relevant in its sole discretion. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans. 
 We currently award stock options and restricted stock units to our employees meeting certain eligibility requirements under a plan approved by our stockholders in 2014, as amended, referred to as the 2014 Stock Plan and have previously awarded stock options and restricted stock units to our employees meeting certain eligibility requirements under a plan approved by our stockholders in 2010. The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of March 31, 2023: 
 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Stock Options or Rights (1) (a) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Stock Options or Rights (1) (b) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,436,731 39.30 502,256 (2) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 
 (1) Does not take into account outstanding restricted stock units. 
 (2) Historically, the number of shares of our common stock reserved under the 2014 Stock Plan were increased, based on Board approval each January 1, which was intended to continue through and including January 1, 2024, by an amount equal to the smaller of 5 of the number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or a lesser amount determined by our Board (the evergreen provision ). On June 14, 2021, the Compensation Committee of our Board approved Amendment No. 1 to 2014 Stock Plan to eliminate the evergreen provision for all future years (i.e., January 1,2022 through January 1, 2024). There was no increase in the number of shares authorized under the 2014 Stock Plan during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The performance graph set forth below compares our cumulative total stockholder return for the periods commending March 31, 2018 through March 31, 2023, assuming an initial investment of 100 in our common stock, and in each of the Nasdaq Capital Market Composite Index and Nasdaq Telecommunications Index and assumes the reinvestment of dividends. No dividends have been declared or paid on our common stock. The comparisons in the performance graph below are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible absolute or relative future performance of our common stock, and we do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder returns. 
 
 Page 30 

Table of Contents 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 We did not sell any equity securities not registered under the Securities Act, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers. 
 The following table provides information with respect to purchases of our common stock by us or any affiliated purchaser as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, during the three months ended March 31, 2023. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (1) 
 (in thousands except for share and per share data) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price paid per Share (2) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under Publicly Announced Plans or Programs January 1, 2023 through January 31, 2023 Open market and privately negotiated purchases 26,815 February 1, 2023 through February 28, 2023 Open market and privately negotiated purchases 26,815 March 1, 2023 through March 31, 2023 Open market and privately negotiated purchases 26,815 Total 26,815 
 (1) On September 30, 2021, our Board authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we may repurchase up to 50.0 million of our outstanding shares of common stock on or before September 29, 2023. The manner, timing and amount of any share repurchases may fluctuate and will be determined by us based on a variety of factors, including the market price of our common stock, our priorities for the use of cash to support our business operations and plans, general business and market conditions and alternative investment opportunities. The share repurchase program authorization does not obligate us to acquire any specific number or dollar value of shares. Under the share repurchase program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. 
 (2) Average price paid per share includes cost associated with the repurchases. 
 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

Page 31 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our historical consolidated financial statements and the related notes . This management s discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions . Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements . These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements . Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report . Except as required by applicable law we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Annual Report. 
 
 This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP . The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods . On an ongoing basis, we evaluate such estimates and judgments, including those described in greater detail below . We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources . Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Overview 
 We are a wireless communications company focused on commercializing our spectrum assets to enable our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers to deploy private broadband networks and on offering innovative broadband solutions to the same target customers. We are the largest holder of licensed spectrum in the 900 MHz band (896 - 901 / 935 - 940 MHz) with nationwide coverage throughout the contiguous United States, Hawaii, Alaska and Puerto Rico. On May 13, 2020, the FCC approved the Report and Order to modernize and realign the 900 MHz band to increase its usability and capacity by allowing it to be utilized for the deployment of broadband networks, technologies and solutions. The Report and Order was published in the Federal Register on July 16, 2020 and became effective on August 17, 2020. We are now engaged in qualifying for and securing broadband licenses from the FCC. At the same time, we are pursuing opportunities to monetize the broadband spectrum we secure to our targeted utility and critical infrastructure customers. 
 Refer to our Business Section of this Annual Report for a more complete description of the nature of our business, including details regarding the process and costs to secure our broadband licenses. 
 Business Developments 
 On October 28, 2022, we entered into an agreement with Xcel Energy providing Xcel Energy dedicated long-term usage of our 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum for a term of 20 years throughout Xcel Energy s service territory in eight states. The Xcel Energy Agreement also provides Xcel Energy an option to extend the agreement for two 10-year terms for additional payments. The Xcel Energy Agreement allows Xcel Energy to deploy a PLTE network to support its grid modernization initiatives for the benefit of its approximately 3.7 million electricity customers and 2.1 million natural gas customers. The scheduled prepayments for the 20-year initial term of the Xcel Energy Agreement total 80.0 million, of which 8.0 million was received in December 2022. 
 In September 2021, we entered into a long-term lease agreement of 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum with Evergy. The Evergy service territories covered by the Evergy Agreement are in Kansas and Missouri with a population of approximately 3.9 million people. The Evergy Agreement is for an initial term of 20 years with two 10-year renewal options for additional payments. We received full prepayment of 30.2 million for the initial 20-year term in October 2021. During the year ended March 31, 2023, we delivered to Evergy the 1.4 x 1.4 cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses for 81 counties. The revenue recognized for the year ended March 31, 2023 was approximately 0.6 million. 
 In February 2021, we entered into an agreement with SDG E, to provide 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum throughout SDG E s California service territory, including San Diego and Imperial Counties and portions of Orange County for a total payment of 50.0 million. The total payment of 50.0 million is comprised of an initial payment of 20.0 million received in February 2021 and the remaining 30.0 million payment, which is due through fiscal year 2024 as we deliver the associated broadband licenses to SDG E and the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum. In September 2022, we delivered to SDG E 1.4 x 1.4 cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband license related to Imperial County and received a milestone payment of 0.2 million. 
 
 Page 32 

Table of Contents 

 In May 2022, we issued Motorola 500,000 shares of our common stock. Motorola received the Shares by electing to convert 500,000 Class B Units it held in our subsidiary, PDV Spectrum Holding Company, LLC. Motorola acquired the Units in September 2014 in connection with the 2014 Motorola Spectrum Agreement, Motorola leased a portion of our narrowband spectrum, which was held by the Subsidiary, in consideration for an upfront, fully-paid leasing fee of 7.5 million and a 10.0 million investment in the Units. Motorola had the right at any time to convert its Units into the Shares, representing a conversion price of 20.00 per share. In June 2022, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 to register the 500,000 shares of our common stock held by Motorola for resale or other disposition by Motorola. The Resale Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on July 15, 2022. 
 Recent Developments 
 On April 20, 2023, we entered into a license purchase agreement with LCRA under which LCRA will purchase 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum covering 68 counties and more than 30 cities in LCRA s wholesale electric, transmission, and water service area for total payments of 30.0 million plus the contribution of select LCRA 900 MHz narrowband spectrum. The Agreement will support LCRA s deployment of a PLTE network which will provide a host of capabilities including grid awareness, communications and operational intelligence that will enhance resilience and spur innovation at LCRA. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 Fiscal 2023 ), March 31, 2022 Fiscal 2022 and March 31, 2021 Fiscal 2021 ). The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of financial results to be achieved in future periods. 
 Operating revenues 
 For the years ended March 31, Aggregate Change Aggregate Change (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2023 from 2022 2022 from 2021 Service revenue 192 0 (192) -100 Spectrum lease revenue 1,919 1,084 729 835 77 355 49 Total operating revenues 1,919 1,084 921 835 77 163 18 
 Overall operating revenues increased by 0.8 million, or 77 , to 1.9 million in Fiscal 2023 from 1.1 million in Fiscal 2022. The increase in our spectrum lease revenue was attributable to revenue recognized in connection with our agreements with Ameren and Evergy of approximately 0.3 million and 0.6 million, respectively, for the current year. Overall operating revenues increased by 0.2 million, or 18 , to 1.1 million in Fiscal 2022 from 0.9 million in Fiscal 2021. The increase in our spectrum lease revenue was attributable to revenue recognized in connection with the Ameren Agreements of approximately 0.4 million. For a discussion of our revenue recognition policy, refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this Annual Report. 
 Operating expenses 
 For the years ended March 31, Aggregate Change Aggregate Change (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2023 from 2022 2022 from 2021 Direct cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 5 1,606 (5) -100 (1,601) -100 General and administrative 45,177 39,525 39,302 5,652 14 223 1 Sales and support 5,733 4,461 2,942 1,272 29 1,519 52 Product development 4,439 3,593 4,343 846 24 (750) -17 Depreciation and amortization 1,420 1,450 3,533 (30) -2 (2,083) -59 Impairment of long-lived assets 85 0 (85) -100 Operating expenses 56,769 49,034 51,811 7,735 16 (2,777) -5 
 Direct cost of revenue 
 Direct cost of revenue decreased from 5,000 for Fiscal 2022 to zero for Fiscal 2023. Direct cost of revenue decreased by 1.6 million to 5,000 for Fiscal 2022, or 100 , from 1.6 million for Fiscal 2021. The decrease is due to lower support costs related to the transfer of pdvConnect customers to the Team Connect LLC as part of our December 2018 restructuring efforts as discussed in Note 3 Revenue in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this Annual Report. 
 
 Page 33 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 5.7 million to 45.2 million for Fiscal 2023, or 14 , from 39.5 million for Fiscal 2022. The increase primarily resulted from 4.3 million higher stock compensation expense due to additional grants awarded during Fiscal 2023, 1.0 million higher headcount and related costs, 0.4 million higher travel and meeting costs, 0.3 million higher regulatory fees, and 0.1 million higher IT related costs, partially offset by 0.3 million lower site related costs and 0.1 million lower professional services. General and administrative expenses increased by 0.2 million to 39.5 million for Fiscal 2022, or 1 , from 39.3 million for Fiscal 2021. The increase primarily resulted from 1.5 million higher headcount and employee related costs, 0.8 million higher professional service fees due to our strategic spectrum initiatives, 0.7 million higher site rent related costs and 0.3 million recruiting costs partially offset by 2.7 million lower stock compensation expense and 0.4 million lower management fees. 
 Sales and support expenses 
 Sales and support expenses increased by 1.3 million, or 29 , to 5.7 million for Fiscal 2023 from 4.5 million for Fiscal 2022. The increase primarily resulted from 0.8 million higher headcount and employee related costs, 0.3 million higher marketing costs related to advertising, sponsorships and trade shows and 0.2 million higher travel and meeting costs. Sales and support expenses increased by 1.5 million, or 52 , to 4.5 million for Fiscal 2022 from 2.9 million for Fiscal 2021. The increase primarily resulted from 0.6 million higher headcount and employee related costs, 0.5 million higher marketing costs related to advertising, sponsorships and trade shows, 0.1 million higher contract consulting costs and 0.3 million higher stock compensation expense. 
 Product development expenses 
 Product development expenses increased by 0.8 million, or 24 , to 4.4 million for Fiscal 2023 from 3.6 million for Fiscal 2022. The increase primarily resulted from 0.6 million higher non-recurring engineering costs, 0.5 million higher contract consulting costs and 0.1 million higher costs related to professional services, partially offset by 0.4 million lower headcount and related cost. Product development expenses decreased by 0.8 million, or 17 , to 3.6 million for Fiscal 2022 from 4.3 million for Fiscal 2021. The decrease primarily resulted from 0.4 million lower consulting fees and 0.4 million lower technology related costs. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization in Fiscal 2023 remained relatively flat as compared to Fiscal 2022. Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased by 2.1 million, or 59 , to 1.5 million for Fiscal 2022 from 3.5 million for Fiscal 2021. The decrease was due to the change in the useful life for our market network sites during Fiscal 2021 that resulted in higher depreciation expense. Market network site assets for our historical business were fully depreciated by December 31, 2020. 
 Impairment of long-lived assets 
 There were no impairment of long-lived assets expenses for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022. Impairment of long-lived assets expenses were 0.1 million for Fiscal 2021 . 
 (Gain)/loss from disposal of intangible assets, net 
 For the years ended March 31, Aggregate Change Aggregate Change (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2023 from 2022 2022 from 2021 (Gain)/loss from disposal of intangible assets, net (38,399) (11,209) 3,849 (27,190) 243 (15,058) -391 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, we exchanged our narrowband licenses for broadband licenses in 84 counties. In connection with the exchange, we recorded an estimated accounting cost basis of 46.2 million for the new broadband licenses and disposed of 7.8 million related to the value ascribed to the narrowband licenses we relinquished to the FCC for those same 84 counties. As a result, we recorded a 38.4 million gain from disposal of the intangible assets on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Refer to Note 5 Intangible Assets in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this Annual Report for further discussion on the exchanges. 
 During Fiscal 2022, we exchanged our narrowband licenses for broadband licenses in 21 counties. In connection with the exchange, we recorded an estimated accounting cost basis of 15.3 million for the new broadband licenses and disposed of 4.1 million related to the value ascribed to the narrowband licenses we relinquished to the FCC for those same 21 counties. As a result, we recorded a 11.2 million gain from disposal of the intangible assets on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Refer to Note 5 Intangible Assets in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this Annual Report for further discussion on the exchanges. 
 
 Page 34 

Table of Contents 

 In June 2020, we cancelled licenses in the 900 MHz band in accordance with the Report and Order and our agreement with the AAR. Because we did not receive any licenses nor monetary reimbursement in exchange for the cancellation, but only credit for purposes of determining our future eligibility and payment requirements for broadband licenses under the Report and Order, we recorded a 5.0 million loss from disposal of the intangible assets on our Consolidated Statements of Operations for Fiscal 2021. 
 In September 2020, we closed an agreement with a third party for the exchange of 900 MHz licenses. Under the agreement, we received spectrum licenses at their estimated fair value of approximately 0.2 million and a payment of 1.2 million in cash. Under the agreement, we transferred spectrum licenses with a book value of approximately 0.3 million to the third party. We recognized a 1.1 million gain from disposal of intangible assets on our Consolidated Statements of Operations when the deal closed in September 2020. 
 Loss from disposal of long-lived assets, net 
 For the years ended March 31, Aggregate Change Aggregate Change (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2023 from 2022 2022 from 2021 Loss from disposal of long-lived assets, net 10 107 70 (97) -91 37 53 
 
 Loss on disposal of long-lived assets, net decreased by 0.1 million, or -91 , to 10 thousand in Fiscal 2023, as compared to 0.1 million Fiscal 2022. The decrease was primarily due to the company disposing less assets in the current year than in the prior year. Loss on disposal of long-lived assets, net in Fiscal 2022 remained relatively flat as compared to Fiscal 2021. 
 Interest income 
 For the years ended March 31, Aggregate Change Aggregate Change (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2023 from 2022 2022 from 2021 Interest income 1,140 56 124 1,084 1936 (68) -55 
 
 Interest income increased by 1.1 million, or 1936 , to 1.1 million for Fiscal 2023 as compared to 56,000 from Fiscal 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to higher interest rates. Interest income decreased by 68,000, or 55 , to 56,000 for Fiscal 2022 as compared to 0.1 million from Fiscal 2021 due to lower interest rates. 
 Other income 
 For the years ended March 31, Aggregate Change Aggregate Change (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2023 from 2022 2022 from 2021 Other income 266 256 414 10 4 (158) -38 
 
 Other income in Fiscal 2023 remained relatively flat as compared to Fiscal 2022. Other income decreased by 0.2 million, or 38 , to 0.3 million for Fiscal 2022 from 0.4 million for Fiscal 2021 due to lower payments received from our historical business. 
 Loss on equity method investment 
 For the years ended March 31, Aggregate Change Aggregate Change (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2023 from 2022 2022 from 2021 Loss on equity method investment (39) 0 39 -100 
 We reported loss on investment for Fiscal 2021 amounting to 39,000, relating to the 19.5 ownership interest in the LLC. (See Note 7 Related Party Transactions in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this Annual Report). 
 Income tax expense 
 For the years ended March 31, Aggregate Change Aggregate Change (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2023 from 2022 2022 from 2021 Income tax expense 1,262 983 124 279 28 859 693 
 For Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, we recorded a total deferred tax expense of 1.3 million, 1.0 million and 0.1 million, respectively, due to the inability to use some portion of our federal and state NOL carryforwards against the deferred tax liability created by amortization of indefinite-lived intangibles. 
 
 Page 35 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal source of liquidity is our cash and cash equivalents generated from customer contract proceeds. On March 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 43.2 million. 
 We believe our cash and cash equivalents on hand, along with contracted proceeds from customers, will be sufficient to meet our financial obligations through at least 12 months from the date of this Annual Report. As noted above, our future capital requirements will depend on a number of factors, including among others, the costs and timing of our spectrum retuning activities, spectrum acquisitions and the Anti-Windfall Payments to the U.S. Treasury, our operating activities, any cash proceeds we generate through our commercialization activities and our ability to timely deliver broadband licenses to our customers in accordance with our contractual obligations. We deploy this capital at our determined pace based on several key ongoing factors, including customer demand, market opportunity, and offsetting income from spectrum leases. As we cannot predict the duration or scope of the current negative macroeconomic environment, including any adverse effects of the health pandemics, inflation, regulatory and policy changes, and geopolitical matters, or their respective impacts on our business or our targeted customers, we cannot reasonably estimate any respective potential negative financial impact to our results of operations, commercialization efforts and financial condition. We are actively managing our business to maintain our cash flow and believe that we currently have adequate liquidity. To implement our business plans and initiatives, however, we may need to raise additional capital. We cannot predict with certainty the exact amount or timing for any future capital raises. See Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report for a reference to the risks and uncertainties that could cause our costs to be more than we currently anticipate and/or our revenue and operating results to be lower than we currently anticipate. If required, we intend to raise additional capital through debt or equity financings or through some other financing arrangement. However, we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available if and when needed, or that, if available, we can obtain financing on terms favorable to our stockholders and to us. Any failure to obtain financing when required will have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity. 
 In April 2020, we filed the Shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the SEC that was declared effective by the SEC on April 20, 2020, which permitted us to offer up to 150.0 million of common stock, preferred stock, warrants or units in one or more offerings and in any combination, including in units from time to time. Our Shelf Registration Statement expired on April 20, 2023. 
 Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities 
 For the years ended March 31, (in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (27,250) 17,913 (9,959) Net cash used in investing activities (27,130) (27,411) (14,174) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (8,062) (2,416) 4,218 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was approximately 27.3 million in Fiscal 2023 an increase of 45.2 million from Fiscal 2022. The net cash used in operating activities in Fiscal 2023 was due to the following: 
 16.3 million net loss, offset by the following non-cash activity: 
 increase of 1.4 million for depreciation and amortization as a result of assets placed in service during the year; 
 increase of 17.9 million in stock-based compensation expense due to additional grants awarded; and 
 decrease of 38.4 million related to the non-monetary gain on disposals of intangible assets in connection to our exchange of narrowband licenses for broadband licenses; 
 
 offset by the following: 
 6.1 million increase in deferred revenue due to 8.0 million cash proceeds from our 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum customer prepayments offset by 1.9 million in revenue recognition in connection with the delivery of cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was approximately 17.9 million in Fiscal 2022. The net cash used in operating activities in Fiscal 2022 due to the following: 
 37.5 million net loss, offset by the following non-cash activity: 
 increase of 1.5 million for depreciation and amortization as a result of assets placed in service during the year; 
 increase of 13.6 million in stock-based compensation expense due to additional grants awarded; and 
 
 Page 36 

Table of Contents 

 decrease of 11.2 million related to the non-monetary gain on disposals of intangible assets in connection to our exchange of narrowband licenses for broadband licenses; 
 
 offset by the following: 
 51.7 million increase in deferred revenue due to 52.8 million cash proceeds from our 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum customer prepayments offset by 1.1 million in revenue recognition in connection with the delivery of cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was approximately 10.0 million in Fiscal 2021. The net cash used in operating activities in Fiscal 2021 due to the following: 
 54.4 million net loss, offset by the following non-cash activity: 
 increase of 3.5 million depreciation and amortization as a result of assets placed in service during the year; 
 increase of 15.9 million in stock-based compensation expense due to additional grants awarded; and 
 increase of 3.8 million related to the non-monetary gain on disposals of intangible assets in connection to our exchange of narrowband licenses for broadband licenses; 
 
 offset by the following: 
 20.0 million increase in contingent liability relating to the upfront payment we received from SDG E. 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was approximately 27.1 million, 27.4 million and 14.2 million in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. For Fiscal 2023, the net cash used in investing activities resulted from 25.0 million in wireless license acquisitions including refundable deposits and 2.1 million for purchases of equipment. For Fiscal 2022, the net cash used for investing activities resulted from 26.4 million in wireless license acquisitions including refundable deposits and 1.1 million for purchases of equipment. For Fiscal 2021, the net cash used for investing activities resulted from 13.9 million in wireless license acquisitions including refundable deposits and 0.2 million for purchases of equipment. 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was approximately 8.1 million and 2.4 million in Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities was 4.2 million in Fiscal 2021. For Fiscal 2023, net cash used in financing activities was primarily from the repurchase of common stock of 8.2 million, partially offset by the proceeds from stock option exercises of 1.7 million, net of payments of withholding tax on net issuance of restricted stock of 1.6 million. For Fiscal 2022, net cash used in financing activities was primarily from the repurchase of common stock of 15.0 million, partially offset by the proceeds from stock option exercises of 14.0 million, net of payments of withholding tax on net issuance of restricted stock of 1.5 million. For Fiscal 2021, the net cash provided by financing activities primarily resulted 4.2 million in cash received from the proceeds of stock option exercises. 
 Contracted cash proceeds 
 The following table illustrates the estimated contracted customer proceeds for Fiscal 2024 and thereafter (in thousands): 
 Customers Fiscal 2024 Thereafter Ameren 24,800 SDG E 26,600 3,200 Xcel Energy 59,200 12,800 LCRA 15,000 15,000 Total 100,800 55,800 
 Total cash proceeds are subject to change based on final delivery date of the broadband licenses for the associated milestone, which may include penalties associated with delayed deliveries. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: costs and time related to the commercialization of our spectrum assets; and our ability to sign customer contracts and generate revenues from the license or transfer of any broadband licenses we secure; and our ability to timely deliver broadband licenses and clear spectrum to our customers in accordance with our contractual obligation; the timeline and costs to acquire broadband licenses pursuant to the Report and Order, including the costs to acquire additional spectrum, the costs related to retuning, or swapping spectrum held by 900 MHz site-based licensees in the broadband segment that is required under section 90.621(b) to be protected by a 
 
 Page 37 

Table of Contents 

 broadband licensee with a base station at any location within the county, or any 900 MHz geographic-based SMR licensee in the broadband segment whose license area completely or partially overlaps the county, and the costs of paying Anti-Windfall Payments to the U.S. Treasury. 
 We are obligated under certain lease agreements for office space with lease terms expiring on various dates from October 31, 2023 through June 30, 2027, which includes a three to ten-year lease extension for our corporate headquarters. We have also entered into multiple lease agreements for tower space related to our historical TeamConnect business and in connection with obtaining spectrum licenses. The lease expiration dates range from May 31, 2023 to August 31 2029. Total estimated payments for these lease agreements are approximately 5.5 million (exclusive of real estate taxes, utilities, maintenance and other costs borne by us). In addition to the lease payments for our tower space, we also have an obligation to clear the tower site locations, for which we recorded an asset retirement obligation (the ARO ). Total estimated payments as a result of the ARO is approximately 0.6 million. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this Annual Report for further information on the AROs. 
 Xcel Energy Guaranty 
 In connection with Xcel Energy Agreement, we entered into a guaranty agreement, under which we guaranteed the delivery of the relevant 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses in Xcel Energy s service territory in eight states along with other commercial obligations. In the event of default or non-delivery of the specific territory s 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum, we are required to refund payments we have received. In addition, to the extent Anterix has performed any obligations, our liability and remaining obligations under the Xcel Energy Agreement will extend only to the remaining unperformed obligations. We recorded 8.0 million in deferred revenue in connection with the prepayment received as delivery of the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband licenses or counties is expected to commence in the first quarter of Fiscal 2024 through 2029. As of March 31, 2023, the maximum potential liability of future undiscounted payments under this agreement is approximately 8.0 million. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In September 2021, our Board authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we may repurchase up to 50.0 million of our common stock on or before September 29, 2023. The manner, timing and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by us based on a variety of factors, including price, general business and market conditions and alternative investment opportunities. The share repurchase program authorization does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. We currently anticipate the cash used for the share repurchase program will come primarily from our prepaid customer agreements. 
 The following table presents the share repurchase activity for Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 (in thousands, except per share data): 
 
 For the years ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Number of shares repurchased and retired 216 252 Average price paid per share 47.05 57.50 Total cost to repurchase 8,223 14,962 
 Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. 
 As of March 31, 2023, 26.8 million is remaining under the share repurchase program. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Accordingly, our actual results could differ from those based on such estimates and assumptions. Further, to the extent that there are differences between our estimates and our actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving our judgments and estimates. 
 We believe that the areas described below are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, as they require management s significant judgments in the application of accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. Our significant 
 
 Page 38 

Table of Contents 

 accounting policies are set forth in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this Annual Report. Of those policies, we believe that the policy discussed below may involve a higher degree of judgment and may be more critical to an accurate reflection of our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Evaluation of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment 
 Unit of accounting of wireless licenses not associated with closed deals is based on geographic markets. Unit of accounting of wireless licenses associated with closed deals is based on the deal markets. Our wireless licenses not associated with closed deals are tested for impairment based on the geographic markets, as we will be utilizing the existing wireless narrowband licenses, or broadband licenses if applicable, as part of facilitating broadband spectrum networks at a geographic market level. Our wireless licenses associated with closed deals are tested for impairment based at the deal market level. We use a market-based approach to estimate fair value for impairment testing purposes. 
 The valuation approach used to estimate fair value for the purpose of impairment testing requires management to use complex assumptions and estimates such as population, discount rates, industry and market considerations, long-term market equity risk, as well as other factors. These assumptions and estimates depend on our ability to accurately predict forward looking assumptions including successfully applying for broadband licenses, commercializing our 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and properly estimating favorable deal terms over the life of the contract. For impairment testing, estimated fair value is determined using a market-based approach primarily using the 600 MHz auction price. As noted in the Report and Order, the FCC will use the spectrum price based on the average price paid in the FCC s 600 MHz auction to calculate the Anti-Windfall Payments. In addition, we performed a sensitivity analysis to recent auctions and transactions noting that while in some cases the value was lower than the 600 MHz auction price, the values were well above our carrying value. Furthermore, if management determines that for impairment testing purposes, the 600 MHz auction price is not the appropriate market-based fair value, and the new estimated fair value is lower by over 50 , our intangible assets would still not be impaired as the current estimated fair value for impairment testing purposes exceeds book value by more than 50 . 
 During Fiscal 2023, we shifted from a probability analysis approach to a more detailed approach with measurable qualitative metrics. The new approach, Demonstrated Intent DI ), determines how likely a deal is to close based on certain qualitative factors, like applying for an experimental license, entering into a request for proposal, joining certain utility board or publicly backing 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and its application. As a result, we will utilize the DI scores on a go-forward basis for our impairment analysis. We performed a step one quantitative approach impairment test as of January 1, 2023, to determine if the fair value of the combined licenses by the associated geographical or deal market exceeds the carrying value for each geographical or deal market. Based on the results of the impairment test, there were no impairment charges recorded during the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, including those recently adopted, is provided in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our financial instruments consist of cash, cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable and accounts payable. We consider investments in highly liquid instruments purchased with original maturities of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. However, because of the short-term nature of the highly liquid instruments in our portfolio, a 10 change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a material impact on our financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Fluctuations 
 Our operations are based in the United States and, accordingly, all of our transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars. We are currently not exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Inflationary factors may adversely affect our operating results. As a result of recent increases in inflation, certain of our operating expenses have increased. Additionally, although difficult to quantify, we believe that the current macroeconomic environment, including inflation, could have an adverse effect on our target customers businesses, which may harm our commercialization efforts and negatively impact our revenues. Continued periods of high inflation could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition if we are not able to control our higher operating costs 
 
 Page 39 

Table of Contents 

 or if our commercialization efforts are slowed or negatively impacted, continued periods of high inflation could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We continue to monitor our market risk exposure, including any adverse impacts related to health pandemics or the current macroeconomic environment, which has resulted in significant market volatility. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements required by this item are set forth in Item 15 on pages F-2 through F-31 and are filed as part of this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. 
 Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Our management, under the supervision of our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management determined that, as of March 31, 2023, we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 Attestation Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 For the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, see Part IV, Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act, during the quarterly period ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that 
 
 Page 40 

Table of Contents 

 the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Page 41 

Table of Contents 

 PART III. 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information relating to our directors, executive officers and corporate governance, including our Code of Business Conduct, will be included in the proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of our stockholders, expected to be filed within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year, which is incorporated herein by reference. The full text of our Code of Business Conduct, which is the code of ethics that applies to all of our officers, directors and employees, can be found in the Investors section of our website accessible to the public at www.anterix.com. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information relating to our executive compensation will be included in the proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of our stockholders, expected to be filed within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information relating to the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will be included in the proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of our stockholders, expected to be filed within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information relating to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence will be included in the proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of our stockholders, expected to be filed within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information relating to principal accountant fees and services will be included in the proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of our stockholders, expected to be filed within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Page 42 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV. 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) The following consolidated financial statements of the Company appear on pages F-2 through F-31 of this Annual Report and are incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8: 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID Number 248) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (a)(2) All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. 
 (a)(3) The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report. 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 3.1.1 Certificate of Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 5, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 3.1.2 Certificate of Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on August 6, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 3.2.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 27, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 3.2.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Company (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 4.2 Description of Common Stock (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on May 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.1+ 2004 Stock Plan, as amended (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.2+ Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2004 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.3+ 2010 Stock Plan, as amended (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.4+ Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2010 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.5+ Form of Restricted Stock Bonus Agreement under 2010 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.6+ 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.7+ Executive Form of Notice of Grant of Stock Option and Stock Option Agreement under 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on June 10, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 

Page 43 

Table of Contents 

 10.8+ Non-employee Director Form of Notice of Grant of Stock Option and Stock Option Agreement under 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on June 10, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.9+ Non-employee Director Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement under 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on June 10, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.10+ Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement under 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.11+ Form of Indemnification Agreement by and among the Company and its officers and directors (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.12 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 13, 2014, by and among the Company, and FCI 900, Inc., ACI 900, Inc., Machine License Holding, LLC, Nextel WIP License Corp., and Nextel License Holdings 1, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.13 Letter Amendment to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 28, 2014, by and among the Company and FCI 900, Inc., ACI 900, Inc., Machine License Holding, LLC, Nextel WIP License Corp., and Nextel License Holdings 1, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.14 Management Services Agreement, dated September 15, 2014, by and between the Company and Sprint Spectrum, L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.15 License Agreement, dated September 15, 2014, by and between Sprint/United Management Company and the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.16 Spectrum Rights Agreement, dated September 8, 2014, by and between PDV Spectrum Holding Company, LLC and Motorola Solutions, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 19, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 333-201156)). 
 10.17+ The Company s Executive Severance Plan (composite version reflecting corporate name change and all prior amendments) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on October 31, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.18+ The Company s Form of Executive Severance Plan Participation Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 27, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.19+ Executive Form of Performance-Based Stock Option Agreement and Grant Notice under the 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on February 16, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.20+ Executive Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement and Grant Notice under the 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on February 16, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.21+ Non-employee Director Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement and Grant Notice under the 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on February 16, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.22+ Executive Form of Time-Based Stock Option Agreement and Grant Notice under the 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on February 16, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.23+ Executive Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement and Grant Notice under the 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on February 16, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.24+ Continued Service, Consulting and Separation Agreement, dated April 23, 2018, by and between the Company and John Pescatore (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 23, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.25+ Consulting Agreement dated April 23, 2018, by and between the Company and John Pescatore (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 23, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.26 Transition Agreement between the PDV Spectrum Holding Company, LLC and Association of American Railroads, dated January 28, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.35 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on May 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 

Page 44 

Table of Contents 

 10.27 Amendment 2, dated August 4, 2020, to the IP Assignment, Software Support, and Development Services Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2019, by and between the Company and TeamConnect, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on August 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.28+ Independent Contractor Services Agreement, dated August 27, 2020, by and between the Company and Brian D. McAuley (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 2, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.29+ Senior Executive Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement and Grant Notice (2021 Short-Term Incentive Plan) under the 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.30+ Executive Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement and Grant Notice (2021 Short-Term Incentive Plan) under the 2014 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 10.31+ Amendment No. 1 to 2014 Stock Plan, dated June 14, 2021 (filed as exhibit 10.40 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, filed with the SEC on June 6, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference (File No. 001-36827)). 
 23.1# Consent of Grant Thornton LLP Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm relating to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, dated June 14, 2023. 
 24.1# Power of Attorney (included on signature page hereto). 
 31.1# Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15-d-14 promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2# Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15-d-14 promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1# Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS# XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 ______________________ 
 
 + Management Contract or Compensatory Plan. 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment pursuant to either Rule 406 under the Securities Act or Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act which request has been granted by the SEC. 
 Certain confidential portions of this exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with an asterisk because the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 
 # Filed herewith. 
 The certification furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto is deemed to accompany this Annual Report and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 Page 45 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in Woodland Park, State of New Jersey, on June 14, 2023. 
 Anterix Inc. By: /s/ Robert H. Schwartz Robert H. Schwartz President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert H. Schwartz and Timothy A. Gray, and each of them individually, as the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their respective substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Annual Report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Morgan E. O Brien Executive Chairman of the Board June 14, 2023 Morgan E. O Brien /s/ Robert H. Schwartz President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) June 14, 2023 Robert H. Schwartz /s/ Timothy A. Gray Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) June 14, 2023 Timothy A. Gray /s/ Singleton B. McAllister Director June 14, 2023 Singleton B. McAllister /s/ Leslie B. Daniels Director June 14, 2023 Leslie B. Daniels /s/ Gregory A. Haller Director June 14, 2023 Gregory A. Haller /s/ Gregory Pratt Director June 14, 2023 Gregory Pratt /s/ Paul Saleh Director June 14, 2023 Paul Saleh /s/ Mahvash Yazdi Director June 14, 2023 Mahvash Yazdi /s/ Jeffrey Altman Director June 14, 2023 Jeffrey Altman 

Page 46 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

Page F- 1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Anterix Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Anterix Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated June 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Wireless Licenses Unit of accounting for impairment testing purposes under ASC 350 Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 
 Management disaggregates the Company s wireless licenses based on geographical markets for impairment testing purposes. Management makes certain assumptions as it relates to the expected use and marketability of the wireless licenses in order to determine the appropriate unit of accounting under ASC 350. We identified the determination and change of the unit of accounting for purposes of testing impairment of the Company s wireless licenses as a critical audit matter. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the unit of accounting used to test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment is a critical audit matter includes the judgement involved in identifying the unit of accounting under ASC 350. Accordingly, there is a risk that the unit of accounting is not properly identified in accordance with ASC 350. These considerations heightened the complexity surrounding the nature and execution of audit procedures designed to respond to this risk. 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s determination of the unit of accounting for its wireless licenses included the following, among others: 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s assessment and conclusions as it related to the unit of accounting determination of the Company s wireless licenses under ASC 350. 
 We tested management s process of identifying key regional markets based on the demonstrated intent of potential customers coupled with the Company s ability to provide broadband solutions in targeted markets. Specifically, we: 
 
 Page F- 2 

Table of Contents 

 Obtained supporting documentation to test the attributes for a sample of potential customers; 
 Made inquiries of staff members outside of the accounting department to spectrum operations department; and 
 Considered how management determined the disaggregation of potential customers. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 June 14, 2023 

Page F- 3 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Anterix Inc. 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting Anterix Inc., a Delaware corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 2023, and our report dated June 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management s Report ). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 New York, New York 
 June 14, 2023 

Page F- 4 

Table of Contents 

 Anterix Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 (thousands, except share data) 
 
 March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right of use assets, net Intangible assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to related parties Operating lease liabilities Contingent liability Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Contingent liability Deferred revenue Deferred income tax Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized and shares outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 
 Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Page F- 5 

Table of Contents 

 Anterix Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

2023 2022 2021 Operating revenues Service revenue Spectrum revenue Total operating revenues Operating expenses Direct cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) General and administrative Sales and support Product development Depreciation and amortization Impairment of long-lived assets Operating expenses (Gain)/loss from disposal of intangible assets, net ) ) Loss from disposal of long-lived assets, net Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest income Other income Loss on equity method investment ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per common share basic and diluted Weighted-average common shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page F- 6 

Table of Contents 

 Anterix Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Number of Shares Common stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Balance at April 1, 2020 ) Equity based compensation Restricted shares issued Stock option exercises Equity payment of prior year accrued employee related expenses Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2021 ) Equity based compensation Restricted shares issued Stock option exercises Shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2022 ) Equity based compensation Restricted shares issued Stock option exercises Motorola Shares Shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) 
 million, or shares, received associated with a non-cash exercise of stock options and subsequent retirement. See Note 10 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Page F- 7 

Table of Contents 

 Anterix Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands) 

2023 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Depreciation and amortization Non-cash compensation expense attributable to stock awards Deferred income taxes (Gain)/loss from disposal of intangible assets, net ) ) Loss from disposal of long-lived assets, net Impairment of long-lived assets Loss on equity method investment Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Right of use assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to related parties ) Restructuring reserve ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Contingent liability Deferred revenue ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of intangible assets, including refundable deposits ) ) ) Purchases of equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from stock option exercises Repurchase of common stock ) ) Payments of withholding tax on net issuance of restricted stock ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Beginning of the year End of the year 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page F- 8 

Table of Contents 

 Anterix Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 years throughout Xcel Energy s service territory in eight states (the Xcel Energy Agreement ). The Xcel Energy Agreement also provides Xcel Energy an option to extend the agreement for terms for additional payments. The Xcel Energy Agreement allows Xcel Energy to deploy a PLTE network to support its grid modernization initiatives for the benefit of its approximately million electricity customers and million natural gas customers. The scheduled prepayments for the initial term of the Xcel Energy Agreement total million, of which million was received by the Company in December 2022. See Note 3 Revenue for further discussion on the Xcel Energy Agreement. 
 In September 2021, the Company entered into a long-term lease agreement of 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum with Evergy, Inc. Evergy ), (the Evergy Agreement ). The Evergy service territories covered by the Evergy Agreement are in Kansas and Missouri with a population of approximately million people. The Evergy Agreement is for an initial term of years with two renewal options for additional payments. The Company received full prepayment of million for the initial term in October 2021. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company delivered to Evergy the 1.4 x 1.4 cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses for counties. The revenue recognized for the year ended March 31, 2023 was approximately million. See Note 3 Revenue for further discussion on the Evergy Agreement. 
 In February 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with San Diego Gas Electric Company, a subsidiary of Sempra Energy SDG E ), to provide 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum throughout SDG E s California service territory, including San Diego and Imperial Counties and portions of Orange County for a total payment of million. The total payment of million is comprised of an initial payment of million received in February 2021 and the remaining million payment, which is due through fiscal year 2024 as the Company delivers the associated broadband licenses to SDG E and the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum. In September 2022, the Company delivered to SDG E 1.4 x 1.4 cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband license related to Imperial County and received a milestone payment of million. See Note 12 Contingencies for further discussion. 
 shares of its common stock (the Shares ). Motorola received the Shares by electing to convert Class B Units (the Units it held in the Company s subsidiary, PDV Spectrum Holding Company, LLC (the Subsidiary ). Motorola acquired the Units in September 2014 in connection with a Spectrum Lease Agreement between Motorola and the Subsidiary (the 2014 Motorola Spectrum Agreement ). Under the 2014 Motorola Spectrum Agreement, Motorola leased a portion of our narrowband spectrum, which was held by the Subsidiary, in consideration for an upfront, fully-paid leasing fee of million and a million investment in the Units. Motorola had the right at any time to convert its Units into the Shares, representing a conversion price of per share. 

Page F- 9 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 
 For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company s operating revenue was entirely from Motorola, Ameren, and Evergy as discussed in Note 3 Revenue . For the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company s operating revenue was entirely from Motorola and Ameren as discussed in Note 3 Revenue . For the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company had Tier 1 domestic carrier and reseller that accounted for approximately of total operating revenues, respectively. 
 As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the Company does have an outstanding accounts receivable balance. 
 In connection with the Company s adoption of ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ), as discussed below, the Company will continue to monitor its credit loss exposure based on the write-off history, current conditions and future forecasts on the collectability of the accounts. 
 
 Page F- 10 

Table of Contents 

As of March 31, 2023, the Company settled approximately million of its obligation to restore the leased premises to its original condition and revised its asset retirement obligations accrual by on estimated future cash flows. 
 As of March 31, 2022, the Company settled approximately million of its obligation to restore the leased premises to its original condition and revised its asset retirement obligations accrual by on estimated future cash flows. 
 Liabilities settled ) ) Revision of estimate ) ) Accretion expense Balance at end of the year Less amount classified as current - included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Noncurrent liabilities - included in other liabilities 
 , such licenses are subject to renewal by the FCC. License renewals have occurred routinely and at nominal cost in the past. There are currently no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that limit the useful life of the Company s wireless licenses. As a result, the Company has determined that the wireless licenses should be treated as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. The Company will evaluate the useful life determination for its wireless licenses each year to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support their treatment as an indefinite useful life asset. 
 Evaluation of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment 
 Historically, wireless licenses were tested for impairment on an aggregate basis, consistent with the Company s dispatch business at a national level. Effective for the year ended March 31, 2021 Fiscal 2021 ), the Company determined that its unit of accounting should be based on geographic markets and deal markets. Unit of accounting of wireless licenses not associated with closed deals is based on geographic markets. Unit of accounting of wireless licenses associated with closed deals is based on the deal markets. The Company s wireless licenses not associated with closed deals are tested for impairment based on the geographic markets, as the Company will be utilizing the existing wireless narrowband licenses, or broadband licenses if applicable, as part of facilitating broadband spectrum networks at a geographic market level. The Company s wireless licenses associated with closed deals are tested for impairment based at the deal market level. The Company may elect to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an intangible asset is less than its carrying value. If the Company does not perform the qualitative assessment, or if the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, the Company will calculate the estimated fair value of the intangible asset. If the estimated fair value of the spectrum licenses is lower than their carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized. The Company will use a market-based approach to estimate fair value for impairment testing purposes. 
 The valuation approach used to estimate fair value for the purpose of impairment testing requires management to use complex assumptions and estimates such as population, discount rates, industry and market considerations, long-term market equity risk, as well as other factors. These assumptions and estimates depend on our ability to accurately predict forward looking assumptions including successfully applying for broadband licenses, commercializing our 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and properly estimating favorable deal terms over the life of the contract. For impairment testing, estimated fair value is determined using a market-based approach primarily using the 600 MHz auction price. As noted in the Report and Order, the FCC will use the spectrum price based on the average price paid in the FCC s 600 MHz auction to calculate the Anti-Windfall Payments. 
 
 Page F- 11 

Table of Contents 

 impairment charges recorded during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Exchanges of Intangible Assets 
 At times, the Company enters into agreements to exchange or cancel spectrum licenses. Upon entering into the arrangement, if the transaction has been deemed to have commercial substance, spectrum licenses are reviewed for impairment. The licenses are exchanged or cancelled at their carrying value and adjusted for any gain or loss recognized. Upon receipt of FCC approval, the spectrum licenses acquired as part of an exchange of nonmonetary assets are recorded at their new accounting basis, for those acquired from the FCC, or fair value for those acquired from third party, (collectively, the acquired basis ). The difference between the acquired basis of the spectrum licenses obtained, carrying value of the spectrum licenses transferred and cash paid, if any, is recognized as a gain or loss on disposal of spectrum licenses reported separately on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The acquired basis of spectrum licenses is based on information for which there is little or no observable market data. If the transaction lacks commercial substance or the acquired basis is not measurable, the acquired spectrum licenses are recorded at the carrying value of the spectrum assets transferred, cancelled or exchanged. For the purpose of the valuation of broadband licenses received in connection with nonmonetary exchanges, the Company utilizes the 600 MHz Auction price per MHzPop, as defined in the Report and Order, which is considered the accounting basis for the new broadband licenses. 
 See Note 5 Intangible Assets for a discussion on the Company s spectrum exchanges during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 There were impairment charges during the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company recorded an non-cash impairment charge for long-lived assets consisting of network site and equipment costs to reduce the carrying values to . 
 
 Page F- 12 

Table of Contents 

 for its corporate headquarters. The Company entered into multiple lease agreements for tower space related to its spectrum holdings. The lease expiration dates range from May 31, 2023 to August 31, 2029. 
 In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board, FASB Accounting Standards Codification, Leases ASC 842 ), the Company recognized right of use ROU assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets for its operating lease agreements with contractual terms greater than 12 months. Lease liabilities are based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. As the discount rate implied in the Company s leases is not readily determinable, the present value is calculated using the Company s incremental borrowing rate, which is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar terms. 
 See Note 3 Revenue for a discussion on the Company s capitalized contract assets incurred during the period ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Page F- 13 

Table of Contents 

Advertising and promotional expense was approximately , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 per share (each of such terms defined in the equity award agreements). 
 To calculate option-based compensation, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company s determination of fair value of option-based awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model is affected by assumptions regarding a number of subjective variables. The compensation cost for the stock options with a graded vesting schedule is recognized on an accelerated method over the vesting period. 
 The fair value of restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance units without market conditions are measured based upon the quoted closing market price for the stock on the date of grant. The compensation cost for the restricted stock and restricted stock units is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The compensation cost for the performance units without market conditions is recognized when the performance criteria are expected to be complete. 
 The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of performance units with market condition at grant date. The Monte Carlo simulation model is based on a discounted cash flow approach, with the simulation of a large number of possible stock price outcomes for the Company s stock and the target composite index. The use of the Monte Carlo simulation model requires the input of a number of assumptions including expected volatility of the Company s stock price, which is based on the weighted-average historical volatility of its stock; correlation between changes in the Company s stock price and changes in the target composite index, which is based on the historical relationship between the Company s stock price and the target composite index average; risk-free interest rate, which is based on the treasury zero-coupon yield appropriate for the term of the performance unit as of the grant date; and expected dividends as applicable, which is zero, as the Company has never paid any cash dividends. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of the board of directors (the Board and will depend on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in any financing instruments and such other factors as the Board deems relevant in its sole discretion. Therefore, the Company has used an expected dividend yield of zero in the Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 tax benefits have been attributed to the share-based compensation expense because the Company maintains a full valuation allowance for all net deferred tax assets. 
 
 Page F- 14 

Table of Contents 

 Charged to costs and expenses Changes in net loss carryforward and other Balance at end of the year 
 
 Because the Company has reported a net loss for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for those periods. 
 Common stock equivalents resulting from potentially dilutive securities approximated , and at March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and have not been included in the dilutive weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, as their effects are anti-dilutive. 

Page F- 15 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 Evergy (1) 
 Narrowband Spectrum Revenue Motorola Total spectrum revenue (2) 
 Services revenue Total operating revenues 
 1. The Company commenced revenue recognition in connection with the delivery of cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses to Evergy for counties. 
 
 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum Revenue 
 In December 2020, the Company entered into its first long-term lease agreements of 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum with Ameren. The Ameren Agreements will enable Ameren to deploy a PLTE network in its service territories in Missouri and Illinois, covering approximately million people. Each Ameren Agreement is for an initial term of years with a renewal option for an additional payment. The scheduled prepayments for the initial terms of the Ameren Agreements total million, of which million was received by the Company in February 2021, million in September 2021 and million in October 2021. The prepayments received to date encompass the initial upfront payment(s) due upon signing of the Ameren Agreements and payments for delivery of the relevant 1.4 x 1.4 cleared spectrum in several metropolitan counties throughout Missouri and Illinois, in accordance with the terms of the Ameren Agreements. The remaining prepayments for the initial term are due by mid-2026, per the terms of the Ameren Agreements and as the Company delivers the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses. The Company is working with incumbents to clear the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum allocation in Ameren s service territory. In August 2021, the FCC granted the first 900 MHz broadband licenses to the Company for several counties in Ameren s service territory, for which the Ameren Agreements were also subsequently approved by the FCC. In accordance with ASC 606, the payments of prepaid fees under the Ameren Agreements will be accounted for as deferred revenue on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revenue is recognized over time as the performance obligations of clearing the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses are delivered by respective county, over the contractual term of . 
 In September 2021, the Company entered into a long-term lease agreement of 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum with Evergy. The Evergy service territories covered by the Evergy Agreement are in Kansas and Missouri, with a population of approximately million people. The Evergy Agreement is for an initial term of years with two renewal options for additional payments. Prepayment in full of the million for the initial term, which was due and payable within thirty ) days after execution of the Evergy Agreement, was received by the Company in October 2021. The Company is working with incumbents to clear the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum allocation covered by the Evergy Agreement. In accordance with ASC 606, the payments of prepaid fees under the Evergy Agreement will be accounted for as deferred revenue on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revenue is recognized over time as the performance obligations of clearing the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses are delivered by respective county, over the contractual term of . 
 In October 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Xcel Energy providing Xcel Energy dedicated long-term usage of the Company s 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum for a term of years throughout Xcel Energy s service territory in eight states including Colorado, Michigan, Minnesota, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Dakota, Texas and Wisconsin. The Xcel Energy Agreement also provides Xcel Energy an option to extend the agreement for terms for additional payments. The Xcel Energy Agreement allows Xcel Energy to deploy a PLTE network to support its grid modernization initiatives for the benefit of its approximately million electricity customers and million natural gas customers. The scheduled prepayments for the initial term of the Xcel Energy Agreement total million, of which million 
 
 Page F- 16 

Table of Contents 

 initial term are due by mid-2028, per the terms of the Xcel Energy Agreement and as the Company delivers the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses. The Company is working with incumbents to clear the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum allocation in Xcel Energy service territories. In accordance with ASC 606, the payments of prepaid fees under the Xcel Energy Agreement will be accounted for as deferred revenue on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revenue will be recognized over time as the performance obligations of clearing the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses are delivered by respective county, over the contractual term of approximately -years. 
 Narrowband Spectrum Revenue 
 In September 2014, Motorola paid the Company an upfront, fully-paid fee of million in order to use a portion of the Company s narrowband spectrum licenses. The payment of the fee is accounted for as deferred revenue on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets and is recognized ratably as the service is provided over the contractual term of approximately . 
 Service Revenue 
 The Company has historically derived its service revenue from its pdvConnect, TeamConnect, and Diga-talk service offerings. In December 2018, the Board approved the transfer of various customers under its TeamConnect business to A BEEP and Goosetown along with the support for its pdvConnect business to help reduce operating costs and to allow the Company to focus on its FCC initiatives and future broadband opportunities. As a result of the completion of the migration to A BEEP and Goosetown in December 2020, service revenue is recorded to other income on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The payments received from Goosetown ended during Fiscal 2022 and A BEEP is expected to continue to provide payments until December 2024. 
 Contract Assets 
 Additions Amortization ) ) Impairment Balance at the end of the year Less amount classified as current assets - prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Noncurrent assets - included in other assets 
 Contract liabilities 
 Additions Revenue recognized ) ) Balance at the end of the year Less amount classified as current liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities 

Page F- 17 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 - years 
 Computer software - years 
 Computer equipment - years 
 Furniture and fixture and other equipment - years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of the lease term or years 
 Less accumulated depreciation Construction in process Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 amounted to approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company recorded of non-cash impairment charges for network sites and equipment to reduce the carrying values to . There were impairment charges during the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. 
 
 5. 
 impairment charges related to the Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Acquisitions Exchanges - licenses received Exchanges - licenses surrendered ) Balance at March 31, 2022 Acquisitions Exchanges - licenses received Exchanges - licenses surrendered ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 Purchases of intangible assets, including refundable deposits 
 During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company entered into agreements with several third parties in multiple U.S. markets to acquire, retune or swap wireless licenses for cash consideration deals and made Anti-Windfall Payments to the U.S. Treasury Department. The initial deposits to incumbents are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Balance Sheets and are refundable if the FCC does not approve the sale, retuning or swap of the spectrum. The initial deposits are transferred to other assets or intangible assets in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Balance Sheets, as applicable, upon meeting the relevant deal milestones. The final payments related to closed retuning or swap deals are recorded as other assets on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Balance Sheets. The final payments for license purchases or Anti-Windfall Payments are recorded as intangible assets on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Balance Sheets. 

Page F- 18 

Table of Contents 

 ) Retuning cost and Swaps Purchases and Anti-Windfall Payments Total 
 The decrease in refundable deposits during the year end 2021 was related to the exchange of narrowband license discussed below. 
 Broadband License Exchanges 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company was granted by the FCC, broadband licenses for counties. The Company recorded the new broadband licenses at their estimated accounting cost basis of approximately million. In connection with receiving the broadband licenses, the Company disposed of million related to the value ascribed to the narrowband licenses it relinquished to the FCC for the same counties. The total carrying value of narrowband licenses included the cost to acquire the original narrowband licenses, Anti-Windfall Payments paid to cover the shortfall in each county and the clearing costs. As a result of the exchange of narrowband licenses for broadband licenses, the Company recorded a gain on disposal of intangible assets of million, for the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company was granted by the FCC, broadband licenses for counties. The Company recorded the new broadband licenses at their estimated accounting cost basis of approximately million. In connection with receiving the broadband licenses, the Company disposed of million related to the value ascribed to the narrowband licenses it relinquished to the FCC for the same counties. The total carrying value of narrowband licenses included the cost to acquire the original narrowband licenses, Anti-Windfall Payments paid to cover the shortfall in each county and the clearing costs. As a result of the exchange of narrowband licenses for broadband licenses, the Company recorded a gain on disposal of intangible assets of million, for the year ended March 31, 2022. 
 Narrowband License Exchanges 
 In September 2020, the Company closed an agreement with a third party for the exchange of 900 MHz licenses. Under the agreement, the Company received spectrum licenses at their estimated fair value of approximately million and a payment of million in cash to clear the channels received from incumbents. In January 2018, the Company received million as a refundable deposit when the agreement was executed during the year ended March 31, 2018, and the Company is entitled to receive the remaining million upon receipt of FCC approval and closing of the agreement in September 2020. Under the agreement, the Company transferred spectrum licenses with book value of approximately million to the third party. The Company recognized a million gain from disposal of intangible assets on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations when the deal closed in September 2020. 
 The Association of American Railroads 
 The nation s railroads, particularly the major freight lines, operate on narrowband 900 MHz channels licensed to the Association of American Railroads AAR ). of these narrowband channels are located in the 900 MHz broadband segment created by the FCC in the Report and Order. As a result, in order to qualify for broadband licenses under the Report and Order, the Company will be required to provide spectrum for the relocation of the AAR channels to narrowband channels outside the 900 MHz broadband segment. 
 In January 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with the AAR pursuant to which the Company agreed to cancel licenses in the 900 MHz band to enable the AAR to relocate its operations, including operations utilizing the channels located in the 900 MHz broadband segment (the AAR Agreement ). The Report and Order provides that the FCC will make the channels associated with these licenses available to the AAR to enable the AAR to relocate their current operations. The Report and Order also provides that the FCC will credit the Company for its cancelled licenses for purposes of determining the Company s eligibility to secure broadband licenses and the calculation of any Anti-Windfall Payments. 
 In accordance with the Report and Order and the AAR Agreement, the Company cancelled its licenses in June 2020. Because the Company did not receive any licenses nor monetary reimbursement in exchange for the cancellation, but only credit for purposes of determining its future eligibility and payment obligations for broadband licenses under the Report and Order, the Company recorded a million loss from disposal of the intangible assets on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended March 31, 2021. 
 
 Page F- 19 

Table of Contents 

 million for the reprogramming of their equipment. Since the licenses the Company acquired in the exchange were included in the licenses returned to the FCC in accordance with the AAR Agreement above, the million for equipment reprogramming was recorded as additional loss from disposal of the intangible assets on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 6. 
 Accrued employee related expenses Accrued expenses Other Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

7. 
 ownership interest in the LLC, effective April 30, 2019. Under the terms of the MOU, the Company was obligated to pay the LLC a monthly service fee for a period ending on January 7, 2021 for its assumption of the Company s support obligations under the A BEEP and Goosetown Agreements. The Company is also obligated to pay the LLC a certain portion of the billed revenue received by the Company from pdvConnect customers for a period. On February 22, 2023, the Company amended the LLC agreement to withdraw as a member of the LLC for no consideration. For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred payments of , and million under the MOU, respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the Company did have outstanding liabilities to the related parties associated with the services transfer. 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company purchased equipment from Motorola in the amount of million. In addition, the Company entered into a Frequency Relocation Agreement with Motorola for a total amount of million, of which the Company paid million during the year ended March 31, 2023. The Company did purchase any equipment from Motorola for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recognized approximately million each year in Spectrum revenue for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of March 31, 2023, the Company owed million to Motorola in connection with the equipment purchased. As of March 31, 2022, the Company owed million to Motorola, unrelated to the Frequency Relocation Agreement. 
 On May 5, 2020, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Rachelle B. Chong under which Ms. Chong will serve as a Senior Advisor to the Company s management team effective May 15, 2020. In connection with the consulting agreement, Ms. Chong submitted her resignation from the Board and as a member of the Board s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred million and million and million, respectively, in consulting fees to Ms. Chong. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did have any outstanding liabilities to Ms. Chong. 
 On June 25, 2020, as part of its Executive Succession Plan (the Succession Plan ), the Company announced that Brian D. McAuley had submitted his resignation as Executive Chairman of the Board, effective on July 1, 2020. On August 27, 2020, the Company entered into a consulting agreement (the Consulting Agreement with Mr. McAuley under which Mr. McAuley will serve as a Senior Advisor to the Company s management team and provide strategic, corporate governance and Board advisory services. In July 2022, the Company extended the agreement by an additional months with a new termination date of September 1, 2023. The Consulting Agreement provides that Mr. McAuley will receive cash compensation of per year and allow for his outstanding equity awards to continue to vest, unless accelerated pursuant to the terms of the agreement. For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred approximately , and , respectively, in consulting fees to Mr. McAuley. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did have any outstanding liabilities to Mr. McAuley. 

Page F- 20 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 . The Company entered into multiple lease agreements for tower space. The lease expiration dates range from May 31, 2023 to August 31, 2029. 
 Substantially all of the Company s leases are classified as operating leases, and as such, were previously not recognized on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. With the adoption of ASC 842, operating lease agreements are required to be recognized on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as ROU assets and corresponding lease liabilities. 
 ROU assets include any prepaid lease payments and exclude any lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease if it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. 
 years years Weighted average incremental borrowing rate - operating lease liabilities 
 Rent expense amounted to approximately million for the year ended March 31, 2023, of which is included in general and administrative expenses on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Rent expense amounted to approximately million for the year ended March 31, 2022, of which is included in general and administrative expenses on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Rent expense amounted to approximately million for the year ended March 31, 2021, of which approximately million are included in direct cost of revenue and the remainder of approximately million included in general and administrative on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Short term lease cost Sublease income ) Net lease cost 
 Operating lease - operating cash flows (liability reduction) Non-cash activity: Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Page F- 21 

Table of Contents 

 Current liabilities - operating lease liabilities Non-current liabilities - operating lease liabilities 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 After 2027 Total future minimum lease payments Amount representing interest ) Present value of net future minimum lease payments 
 
 9. 
 million and million respectively. Of these federal and state NOLs, approximately million and million, respectively, are expiring in various amounts from 2023 through 2037. The remaining federal and state NOLs of approximately million and million, respectively, have an indefinite life but the federal NOLs may only offset 80 of taxable income when used. For the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company incurred federal and state operating losses of approximately million and million, respectively, to offset future taxable income, of which million federal NOL and million of state NOLs can be carried forward indefinitely but can only offset 80 of taxable income when used. 
 The Company has net deferred tax assets, before applying the valuation allowance, of approximately million and million relating principally to the NOLs as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Federal NOL carryforwards may be subject to limitations as a result of the change in ownership that occurred in the year ended March 31, 2015, as defined under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. State NOL carryforwards are subject to limitations which differ from federal law in that they may not allow the carryback of net operating losses and have shorter carryforward periods. 
 Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740, Income Taxes, requires that a valuation allowance be recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that the tax benefit of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The evaluation includes the consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, regarding historical operating results including recent years with reported losses, the estimated timing of future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, estimated future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, and potential tax planning strategies which may be employed to prevent an operating loss or tax credit carryforward from expiring unused. In situations where a three-year cumulative loss condition exists, accounting standards limit the ability to consider projections of future results as positive evidence to assess the realizability of deferred tax assets. Since inception, the Company has incurred consecutive tax losses which represents significant negative evidence toward the realizability of its deferred tax assets. Therefore, the Company continues to apply a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, with the exception of the net deferred tax liability of approximately million and million, respectively, regarding indefinite-lived intangibles. 
 For Fiscal 2023, analysis of the state NOL carryforwards revealed that most of them are not indefinite. The Company recorded million of state deferred tax expense during the year March 31, 2023 and increased the state deferred tax liability by the same amount from the inability to use the state NOL carryforwards against the indefinite-lived intangible. For Fiscal 2022, the Company recorded million of state deferred tax benefit during the year March 31, 2022 and decreased the state deferred tax liability by the same amount from the inability to use the state NOL carryforwards against the indefinite-lived 
 
 Page F- 22 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Asset retirement obligations Net operating loss carryforward Operating lease liabilities Charitable contributions carryforward Stock compensation expense Total deferred tax asset Deferred tax liability Right of use assets ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets ) ) Total deferred tax liability ) ) Total deferred tax assets and liabilities Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets and liabilities ) ) 
 State Total current Deferred: Federal State ) Total deferred Total income tax expense 

Page F- 23 

Table of Contents ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit - - ) Incentive stock option expense ) ) ) Other permanent differences ) ) ) 162M executive compensation limit - - - Restricted stock shortfall/windfall ) ) Change in valuation allowance - Federal - - - Prior-year adjustments - ) - - 
 
 10. 
 shares of common stock for issuance under the 2014 Stock Plan as of March 31, 2023, of which shares are available for future issuance. Historically, the number of shares reserved under the 2014 Stock Plan were increased, based on Board approval, each January 1 by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or (ii) a lesser amount determined by the Board (the evergreen provision ). Effective January 1, 2021, the Board elected to increase the shares authorized under the 2014 Stock Plan by shares, which represented of the of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020. On June 14, 2021, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved Amendment No. 1 to 2014 Stock Plan to eliminate the evergreen provision for all future years (i.e., January 1, 2022 through January 1, 2024). 
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested restricted stock outstanding at March 31, 2023 
 Fair value of restricted stock units vested (in thousands) 
 The Company recognizes compensation expense for restricted stock on a straight-line basis over the explicit vesting period. Vested restricted stock units are settled and issuable upon the earlier of the date the employee ceases to be an employee of the Company or a date certain in the future. Stock compensation expense related to restricted stock was approximately million for the year ended March 31, 2023, which included million in general and administrative expenses, million in product development and the remainder of approximately million included in sales and support reported on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Stock compensation expense related to restricted stock was approximately million for the year ended March 31, 2022, which included million in general and administrative expenses, million in product development and the remainder of approximately million included in sales and support reported on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Stock compensation expense related to restricted stock was approximately million for the year ended March 31, 2021, which included million of expense related to the Type III modification of restricted 
 
 Page F- 24 

Table of Contents 

 million are included in general and administrative expenses, million in product development and the remainder of approximately million included in sales and support reported on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 As of March 31, 2023, the Company did incur stock compensation costs to obtain its long-term 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum lease agreements. As of March 31, 2022, the Company incurred stock compensation costs to obtain its long-term 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum lease agreements amounting to approximately million, which was capitalized and will be amortized over the contractual term of approximately 20-years. 
 In May 2020, the Compensation Committee granted restricted stock awards for shares of common stock, or approximately million, to satisfy the Fiscal 2021 bonus liability, recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses, for key individuals. 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there was million and million, respectively, of unvested compensation expense for the restricted stock, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested Forfeited/cancelled Performance stock outstanding at March 31, 2023 
 Fair value of Performance stock units vested (in thousands) 
 Outstanding performance stock units included in the table above are shown at target. Share payout can range from to for CEO Performance Units (as defined below) based on the Cumulative Spectrum Proceeds Monetized CSPM metric and to for CEO Performance Units based on the Total Stockholders Return TSR Performance Units metrics. 
 Performance-Based related to Report and Order and Long-Term Agreement(s) 
 On February 28, 2020, the Company awarded performance-based restricted stock units. The performance goals are: 
 (A) Target Goal : of the shares vest upon (i) achievement by December 31, 2020 of a Final Order from the FCC providing for the creation and allocation of licenses for spectrum in the 900 MHz band consisting of paired blocks of contiguous spectrum, each containing at least 3 MHz of contiguous spectrum, authorized for broadband wireless communications uses and (ii) the lack of objection by the Board to the terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, the rebanding, clearing and relocation procedures, license assignment and award mechanisms and technical and operational rules) set forth or referenced in the Final Order; and 
 (B) Stretch Goal : The remaining of the performance shares vest and settle upon the occurrence of all three of the following conditions: (i) the Company enters into one or more long-term agreement(s) with critical infrastructure or enterprise business(es) to enable such business(es) to utilize the Company s spectrum for broadband connectivity; (ii) the combined total contract dollars payable to the Company over the initial term(s) of such agreement(s) equals or exceeds a certain amount as specified by the Board; and (iii) the agreement(s) is/are binding on such business(es) and is/are either not contingent on prior Board approval(s) or such approval(s) has/have been received. 
 
 Page F- 25 

Table of Contents 

 performance-based restricted stock units. The performance goal related to these units is: of the shares will vest upon (i) achievement by December 31, 2020 of a Final Order providing for the creation and allocation of licenses for spectrum in the 900 MHz band consisting of paired blocks of contiguous spectrum, each containing at least 3 MHz of contiguous spectrum, authorized for broadband wireless communications uses and (ii) the lack of objection by the Board to the terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, the rebanding, clearing and relocation procedures, license assignment and award mechanisms and technical and operational rules) set forth or referenced in the Final Order. 
 On September 30, 2020, the Company recorded stock compensation expense included in general and administrative expenses reported on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations amounting to approximately million based on the achievement of the Target Goal described above or approximately shares under the performance-based restricted stock units, upon the Report and Order becoming effective in August 2020. As of March 31, 2021, there was stock compensation expense recognized for the Stretch Goal described above under the performance-based restricted stock units as the performance-based restricted stock units expired as unvested. 
 CEO Performance Units 
 Cumulative Spectrum Proceeds Monetized 
 On December 31, 2020, the Compensation Committee awarded performance-based restricted units to the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer as part of the Succession Plan, (the CEO Performance Units ). The performance-based restricted units will vest on a determination date of June 24, 2024 Determination Date (unless sooner triggered by an earlier involuntary termination), based on Cumulative Spectrum Proceeds Monetized CSPM metric over a measurement period commencing on June 24, 2020, with units vesting if the minimum CSPM level is achieved, units vesting if the target CSPM metric is achieved and up to vesting if the maximum CSPM metric is achieved. 
 The Company recorded approximately million, million and million of stock compensation expense included in general and administrative expenses reported on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations relating to the CEO Performance Units - CSPM for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there was approximately million and million, respectively, of unvested compensation expense for the outstanding performance-based restricted stock units related to the December 31, 2020 CEO Performance Units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 
 Total Stockholder Return 
 On February 1, 2021, the Compensation Committee awarded performance-based restricted units to the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer based on Total Stockholder Return metrics TSR Performance Units ). The performance-based restricted units will vest upon continued service and achievement of certain stock price levels calculated using a four-year compound annual growth rate and based on the average closing bid price per share of the Company s common stock measured over a sixty-trading day period Stock Price Levels ). Shares will vest in a range of to of the target reported units based on achieving specified Stock Price Levels. The vesting end measurement date is February 1, 2025, with earlier vesting determination dates upon a change in control of the Company, involuntary termination of the CEO or twelve months following the achievement of the maximum stock price level. If after February 1, 2023, the President and Chief Executive Officer achieves a Stock Price Level, there will be a vesting determination date the earlier of twelve months thereafter or February 1, 2025. 
 Dividend yield Volatility Simulation term years Forfeiture rate 
 The Company recorded approximately million, million and million of stock compensation expense relating to the TSR Performance Units for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included in general and administrative expenses reported on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there was approximately million and million, respectively, of unvested compensation expense for the outstanding performance-based restricted stock units related to the February 1, 2021 TSR Performance Units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 
 
 Page F- 26 

Table of Contents 

 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited/expired Options outstanding at March 31, 2023 Exercisable at March 31, 2023 Total vested or expected to vest at March 31, 2023 
 On December 2, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of a stock option to the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman for and , respectively, shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. These option shares vest in equal annual installments measured from the grant date based on the President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman s continued services to the Company. The Black-Scholes option model requires weighted average assumptions to be used for the calculation of the Company s stock compensation expense. The assumptions used for this grant were: the expected life of the award was years; the risk free interest rate was ; the expected volatility rate was ; the expected dividend yield was ; and the expected forfeiture rate was . 
 On May 17, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of a stock option to the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer for shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. These option shares vest in equal annual installments measured from the grant date based on the President and Chief Executive Officer s continued services to the Company. The Black-Scholes option model requires weighted average assumptions to be used for the calculation of the Company s stock compensation expense. The assumptions used for this grant were: the expected life of the award was years; the risk free interest rate was ; the expected volatility rate was ; the expected dividend yield was ; and the expected forfeiture rate was . 
 On September 7, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of a stock option to the Company s Executive Chairman for shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. These option shares vest in equal annual installments measured from the grant date based on the Executive Chairman s continued services to the Company. The Black-Scholes option model requires weighted average assumptions to be used for the calculation of the Company s stock compensation expense. The assumptions used for this grant were: the expected life of the award was years; the risk free interest rate was ; the expected volatility rate was ; the expected dividend yield was ; and the expected forfeiture rate was . 
 On August 23, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of a stock option to the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer for shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. These option shares vest in equal annual installments measured from the grant date based on the President and Chief Executive Officer s continued services to the Company. The Black-Scholes option model requires weighted average assumptions to be used for the calculation of the Company s stock compensation expense. The assumptions used for this grant were: the expected life of the award was years; the risk free interest rate was ; the expected volatility rate was ; the expected dividend yield was ; and the expected forfeiture rate was . 
 In May 2021, the Company reacquired shares when a participant surrendered already-owned shares of the Company s common stock to cover the exercise price of an outstanding stock option exercised by the participant. The shares surrendered were constructively retired by the Company as of June 30, 2021, which resulted in the non-cash reduction of approximately million in accumulated deficit on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity. 
 The intrinsic value of stock options exercised was approximately million, million, and million for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Page F- 27 

Table of Contents 

The Company recognizes compensation expense for stock options with a graded vesting schedule using an accelerated method over the explicit vesting period. The fair value of stock options granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. This stock-based compensation expense valuation model requires the Company to make assumptions and judgments regarding the variables used in the calculation. These variables include the expected term, the expected volatility of the Company s common stock, expected risk-free interest rate, forfeiture rate and expected dividends. The Company calculates an expected term and volatility from the historical volatilities and terms of selected comparable public companies within its industry along with the Company s short history regarding these variables. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected life of the stock option. The Company estimates its forfeiture rate based on an analysis of its actual forfeitures and will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of the forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee turnover and other factors. The Company has never paid any cash dividends. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in any financing instruments and such other factors as the Board deems relevant in its sole discretion. Therefore, the Company uses an expected dividend yield of in the option-pricing model. 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 Dividend yield Volatility to 
 to 
 to 
 Expected term years 
 and years 
 years Forfeiture rate to 
 to 
 Weighted-average grant-date fair value per option granted 
 Stock compensation expense related to the amortization of the fair value of service-based stock options issued was approximately million, million and million, respectively, for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 which was included in general and administrative reported on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The weighted average fair value for the stock option awards granted for the year ended March 31, 2023 was per share. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there was approximately million and million, respectively, of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options granted under the Company s stock option plans which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years and years, respectively. 
 Performance-Based Stock Options 
 Performance Options granted Performance Options exercised Performance Options forfeited/expired Performance Options outstanding at March 31, 2023 
 
 Page F- 28 

Table of Contents 

 , million, and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 On February 28, 2020, the Company awarded performance-based stock options. The performance goals are: 
 (A) Target Goal : of the shares vest upon (i) achievement by December 31, 2020 of a Final Order from the FCC providing for the creation and allocation of licenses for spectrum in the 900 MHz band consisting of paired blocks of contiguous spectrum, each containing at least 3 MHz of contiguous spectrum, authorized for broadband wireless communications uses and (ii) the lack of objection by the Board to the terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, the rebanding, clearing and relocation procedures, license assignment and award mechanisms and technical and operational rules) set forth or referenced in the Final Order; and 
 (B) Stretch Goal : The remaining of the performance shares vest and settle upon the occurrence of all three of the following conditions: (i) the Company enters into one or more long-term agreement(s) with critical infrastructure or enterprise business(es) to enable such business(es) to utilize the Company s spectrum for broadband connectivity; (ii) the combined total contract dollars payable to the Company over the initial term(s) of such agreement(s) equals or exceeds a certain amount as specified by the Board; and (iii) the agreement(s) is/are binding on such business(es) and is/are either not contingent on prior Board approval(s) or such approval(s) has/have been received. As of December 30, 2020, not all of these conditions had been achieved, and therefore, the performance-based stock option shares tied to the stretch goal expired unvested. 
 Additionally, the Company awarded performance-based stock options on February 28, 2020. The performance goal is: of the shares will vest upon (i) achievement by December 31, 2020 of a Final Order from the FCC providing for the creation and allocation of licenses for spectrum in the 900 MHz band consisting of paired blocks of contiguous spectrum, each containing at least 3 MHz of contiguous spectrum, authorized for broadband wireless communications uses and (ii) the lack of objection by the Board to the terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, the rebanding, clearing and relocation procedures, license assignment and award mechanisms and technical and operational rules) set forth or referenced in the Final Order. 
 For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, there was stock compensation expense recognized for the performance-based stock options. For the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company recognized million, included in general and administrative expenses reported on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations, based on the achievement of the Target Goal under the performance-based stock options, upon the Report and Order becoming effective in August 2020. The weighted average fair value for the stock option awards granted for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 was per share. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there was unvested compensation expense relating to the outstanding performance-based stock options. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On September 29, 2021, the Board authorized a share repurchase program (the share repurchase program pursuant to which the Company may repurchase up to million of the Company s common stock on or before September 29, 2023. The manner, timing and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by the Company based on a variety of factors, including price, general business and market conditions and alternative investment opportunities. The share repurchase program authorization does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Average price paid per share Total cost to repurchase 
 Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. 
 As of March 31, 2023, million is remaining under the share repurchase program. 
 Motorola Investment 
 On September 15, 2014, Motorola invested million to purchase Class B Units of the Company s subsidiary, PDV Spectrum Holding Company, LLC (at a price equal to per unit). The Company owns of the Class A Units in the Subsidiary. Motorola had the right at any time to convert its Class B Units into shares of 
 
 Page F- 29 

Table of Contents 

 Class B Units into shares of the Company s common stock. In June 2022, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 to register the shares of the Company s Common Stock held by Motorola for the resale or other disposition of such shares by Motorola (the Resale Registration Statement ). The Resale Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on July 15, 2022. 
 
 11. 
 Interest paid Non-cash investing activity: Capitalized change in estimated asset retirement obligations ) ) Network equipment provided in exchange for wireless licenses Non-cash financing activities: Shares surrendered from stock option exercises Equity payment of prior year accrued employee related expenses 
 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company was granted by the FCC, broadband licenses for counties and relinquished to the FCC its narrowband licenses for the same counties. This transaction resulted in a non-cash increase to intangibles of million, which has been recorded as a non-cash gain on disposal of intangible assets of million, for the year ended March 31, 2023. See Note 5 Intangible Assets for further discussion on the license exchanges. 
 
 During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company was granted by the FCC, broadband licenses for counties and relinquished to the FCC its narrowband licenses for the same counties. This transaction resulted in a non-cash increase to intangibles of million, which has been recorded as a non-cash gain on disposal of intangible assets of million, for the year ended March 31, 2022. See Note 5 Intangible Assets for further discussion on the license exchanges. 
 
 12. 
 million. The SDG E Agreement will support SDG E s deployment of a PLTE network for its California service territory, with a population of approximately million people. Delivery of the relevant 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses by county to SDG E commenced in Fiscal 2023 and is scheduled for completion before the end of fiscal year 2024. The total payment of million is comprised of an initial payment of million, received in February 2021, and the remaining million payment, which is due through fiscal year 2024 as the Company delivers the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses to SDG E. In September 2022, the Company delivered to SDG E 1.4 x 1.4 cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband license related to Imperial County and received a milestone payment of million. A gain or loss on the sale of spectrum will be recognized for each county once the Company delivers the cleared 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses to SDG E in full. 
 As the Company is required to refund payments it has received in the event of termination or non-delivery of the specific county s 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum, it recorded the million received from SDG E as contingent liability in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of March 31, 2023, the Company recorded the million payments from SDG E as a short-term liability due to the expected timing of delivery. 
 Xcel Energy Guaranty 
 In connection with Xcel Energy Agreement, the Company entered into a guaranty agreement, under which the Company guaranteed the delivery of the relevant 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum and the associated broadband licenses in Xcel Energy s service territory in eight states along with other commercial obligations. In the event of default or non-delivery of the specific territory s 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum, the Company is required to refund payments it has received. In addition, to the extent Anterix has performed any obligations, the Company s liability and remaining obligations under the Xcel Energy 
 
 Page F- 30 

Table of Contents 

 million in deferred revenue in connection with the prepayment received as delivery of the relevant cleared 900 MHz Broadband licenses or counties is expected to commence in the first quarter of Fiscal 2024 through 2029. As of March 31, 2023, the maximum potential liability of future undiscounted payments under this agreement is approximately million. 
 Litigation 
 In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business as reflected in the lease footnote above, the Company may be subject, from time to time, to various claims and pending and potential legal actions arising out of the normal conduct of its business. The Company assesses contingencies to determine the degree of probability and range of possible loss for potential accrual in its financial statements. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable and unfavorable resolutions could occur, assessing litigation contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. When evaluating contingencies, the Company may be unable to provide a meaningful estimate due to a number of factors, including the procedural status of the matter in question, the presence of complex or novel legal theories and/or the ongoing discovery and development of information important to the matters. In addition, damage amounts claimed in litigation against it may be unsupported, exaggerated or unrelated to possible outcomes, and as such are not meaningful indicators of its potential liability. 
 The Company regularly reviews contingencies to determine the adequacy of its accruals and related disclosures. During the period presented, the Company has not recorded any accrual for loss contingencies associated with any claims or legal proceedings; determined that an unfavorable outcome is probable or reasonably possible; or determined that the amount or range of any possible loss is reasonably estimable. However, the outcome of legal proceedings and claims brought against the Company is subject to significant uncertainty. Therefore, although management considers the likelihood of a material adverse outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period, the Company s consolidated financial statements for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. 
 Pandemic and Macroeconomic Conditions 
 In December 2020, the Company deferred payroll taxes under the Coronavirus Aid Relief and Economic Security Act, which was signed into law on March 27, 2020. The deferral amounted to approximately million, which has assisted the Company in managing the financial impact caused by the pandemic. Of the total deferred, approximately million was remitted to the IRS during Fiscal 2022, with the remaining amount remitted to the IRS during Fiscal 2023. 
 Recent macroeconomic events, including the outbreak of COVID-19, inflation, and geopolitical matters, have increased operating costs and could increase production costs or result in delays in customer contracting or the availability of equipment necessary for the deployment of our target customers planned PLTE projects. The Company continues to closely monitor these risks. Although difficult to quantify, the Company believes the current macroeconomic environment, including inflation, may have an adverse effect on the Company s target customers businesses, which may harm the Company s commercialization efforts and negatively impact the Company s revenues. If the Company is not able to control its higher operating costs or if the Company s commercialization efforts are slowed or negatively impacted, continued periods of high inflation could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 13. 
 counties and more than cities in LCRA s wholesale electric, transmission, and water service area (the LCRA Agreement for total payments of million plus the contribution of select LCRA 900 MHz narrowband spectrum. The LCRA Agreement will support LCRA s deployment of a PLTE network which will provide a host of capabilities including grid awareness, communications and operational intelligence that will enhance resilience and spur innovation at LCRA. 
 
 Page F- 31 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 consentofindependentregist.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our reports dated June 14, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Anterix Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Anterix Inc. on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-236251, File No. 333-229565, File No. 333-222890, File No. 333-215934, File No. 333-209543, File No. 333-201699 and File No. 333-257115). 
 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 June 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 atex-20230331x10kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 
 I, Robert H. Schwartz, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 of Anterix Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date June 14, 2023 
 By s Robert H. Schwartz Robert H. Schwartz President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 atex-20230331x10kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 
 I, Timothy A. Gray, Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 of Anterix Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date June 14, 2023 
 By s Timothy A. Gray Timothy A. Gray Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 atex-20230331x10kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of Anterix Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Robert H. Schwartz, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Timothy A. Gray, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date June 14, 2023 
 s Robert H. Schwartz Robert H. Schwartz President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date June 14, 2023 
 s Timothy A. Gray Timothy A. Gray Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Anterix Inc. and will be retained by Anterix Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Anterix Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 atex-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 atex-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 atex-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 atex-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 atex-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

