<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230615_10-K_edgar_data_1673481_0001493152-23-021506.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10169948</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>573331</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3070513</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2814611</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1633904</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1837088</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-021506.hdr.sgml : 20230615
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230615173038
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-021506
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230615
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230615

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lottery.com Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001673481
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				811996183
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38508
		FILM NUMBER:		231018624

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20808 STATE HWY 71 W, UNIT B
		CITY:			SPICEWOOD
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78669
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(833) 356-8837

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20808 STATE HWY 71 W, UNIT B
		CITY:			SPICEWOOD
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78669

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Trident Acquisitions Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160429

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-021506.txt : 20230615

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________________ to ___________________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

2 , , 

(Address of principal
 executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million, calculated by using the
closing price of the registrant s common stock on such date on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC of 1.12. 

As
of June 15, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Table
of Contents 

Page 

PART I 
 1 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 53 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 53 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 53 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 53 

PART II 
 54 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 54 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 54 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 54 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 70 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 71 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 71 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 73 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 73 

PART III 
 73 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 73 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 78 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 82 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 83 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 84 

PART IV 
 
 86 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 86 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 88 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), including statements about the financial condition, results of operations, earnings outlook and prospects of Lottery.com
Inc. Lottery.com , the Company , we or us ). Forward-looking statements appear
in a number of places in this Report, including, without limitation, under the headings in Part I, Item 1. Business , 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors , and in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations
of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are
typically identified by words such as plan, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, 
 outlook, estimate, forecast, project, continue, could, 
 may, might, possible, potential, predict, should, 
 would and other similar words and expressions, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

Forward-looking
statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Lottery.com and are inherently subject to uncertainties and changes
in circumstances and their potential effects and speak only as of the date of such statement. There can be no assurance that future developments
will be those that have been anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors discussed and identified in public filings made with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC by Lottery.com, as well as the following: 

The findings of the previously
 disclosed Internal Investigation (as defined herein) and other matters have exposed us to a number of legal proceedings, investigations
 and inquiries, resulted in significant legal and other expenses, required significant time and attention from our senior management,
 among other adverse impacts. 

We and certain of our former
 officers are, and in the future, we or our officers and directors may become, the subject of legal proceedings, investigations and
 inquiries by governmental agencies with respect to the findings of the Internal Investigation and other matters, which could have
 a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and could result
 in additional claims and material liabilities. 

We have been named as a
 defendant in a number of lawsuits filed by purchasers of our securities, including class action lawsuits that could have a material
 adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows, and our reputation. 

Matters relating to or
 arising from the restatement and the Internal Investigation, including adverse publicity and potential concerns from our users, customers
 or others with whom we do business, have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

In July 2022, we furloughed
 the majority of our employees and suspended our lottery game sales operations after determining that we did not have sufficient financial
 resources to fund our operations or pay certain existing obligations, including our payroll and related obligations. As a result,
 we may not be able to continue as a going concern. 

We need additional capital
 to, among other things, support and restart our operations, re-hire employees and pay our expenses. Such capital may not be available
 on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If we do not receive the additional capital, we may be forced to curtail or abandon
 our plans to recommence our operations and we may need to permanently cease our operations. 

If we fail to implement
 and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may be unable to accurately report our results of operations, meet our
 reporting obligations or prevent fraud, and investor confidence and the trading price of our common stock and warrants may be materially
 and adversely affected. 

The circumstances that
 led to the failure to file our annual report and quarterly reports on time, and our efforts to investigate, assess and remediate
 those matters have caused and may continue to cause substantial delays in our SEC filings. 

Our inability to compete with other forms of entertainment
 for consumers discretionary time and income. 

Economic downturns, inflation, geopolitical and political
 and market conditions beyond our control. 

ii 

Negative events or media
 coverage relating to our business, our management and directors, the lottery, lottery games or online gaming or betting. 

Our inability to attract and retain users, including
 as a result of failing to appear in Internet search engine results. 

Our continued ability to use domain names to promote
 and increase the value of our brand. 

Scrutiny by stakeholders with respect to responsible
 gaming and ethical conduct. 

Our ability to achieve profitability and growth in
 the newly-developed market for online lottery games. 

Our inability to profitably
 expand into new markets or capitalize on new gaming and lottery industry trends and changes, such as by developing successful new
 product offerings. 

The effectiveness of our marketing efforts in developing
 and maintaining our brand and reputation. 

Failure to offer high-quality user support. 

Adverse impacts to user relationships resulting from
 disruptions to our information technology. 

The vulnerability of our
 information systems to cyberattacks and disruptions caused with respect thereto, including an inability to securely maintain personal
 and other proprietary user information. 

Our inability to adapt
 to changes or updates in the Internet, mobile or personal devices, or new technology platforms or network infrastructures. 

The exposure of our online infrastructure to risks
 relating to new and untested distributed ledger technology. 

Our inability to comply
 with complex, ever-changing and multi-jurisdictional regulatory regimes and other legal requirements applicable to the gaming and
 lottery industries. 

Geopolitical shifts and changes in applicable laws
 or regulations or the manner in which they are interpreted. 

Our inability to successfully expand geographically
 and acquire and integrate new operations. 

Our dependence on third-party
 service providers to timely perform services or software component products for our gaming platforms, product offerings and the processing
 of user payments and withdrawals. 

Our inability to maintain
 successful relationships and/or agreements with lottery organizations and other third-party marketing or service provider affiliates. 

Failure of third-party
 service providers to protect, enforce, or defend intellectual property rights required to fulfill contractual obligations required
 for the operation of our business. 

The effectiveness of our
 transition and compliance with the regulatory and other requirements of being a newly public company. 

We are currently not in
 compliance with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq and may not be able to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued
 listing standards in the future. 

Limited liquidity and trading of our securities. 

Woodford (as defined herein)
 may not loan us the amounts they agreed to under the Loan Agreement (as defined herein). 

Our obligations under the
 Loan Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets and if we were to default, they
 could force us to curtail or abandon our business plans and operations. 

The issuance and sale of
 common stock upon conversion of the amounts owed or upon exercise of the warrants issued to Woodford under the Loan Agreement may
 depress the market price of our common stock and cause substantial dilution 

We currently owe a significant
 amount of money under our Loan Agreement, which we may not be able to repay. 

Other factors described in this Report under the heading
 Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

The
risks described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors are not exhaustive. Other sections of this Report describe
additional factors that could adversely affect the business, financial condition or results of operations of Lottery.com. New risk factors
emerge from time to time and it is not possible to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors
on our business, or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. You should not put undue reliance
on these statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. All forward-looking statements attributable to Lottery.com or persons acting
on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. Lottery.com undertakes no obligations
to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except
as required by law. 

iii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview
and Recent Developments 

We
were originally formed as a Delaware corporation on March 17, 2016, for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization, recapitalization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. On October 29, 2021,
we consummated a business combination (the Business Combination with AutoLotto, Inc. AutoLotto ). Following
the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing we changed our name from Trident Acquisitions Corp. 
to Lottery.com Inc. and the business of AutoLotto became our business. Unless the context requires otherwise, references
to the Company, we, us, our, Lottery.com and Lottery.com
Inc. refer to Lottery.com Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries after the Closing. 

On
July 6, 2022, the Company announced that the Audit Committee (the Audit Committee of the board of directors of the Company
(the Board had retained outside counsel to conduct an independent investigation that revealed instances of non-compliance
with state and federal laws concerning the states in which lottery tickets were procured as well as order fulfillment. The investigation
also identified issues pertaining to the Company s internal accounting controls (the Internal Investigation ). Following
a report on the filings of the Internal Investigation, on June 30, 2022, the Board terminated the employment of Ryan Dickinson as the
Company s President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, effective July 1, 2022. Subsequently, the Company initiated a review
of its cash balances and related disclosures as well as its revenue recognition processes and other internal accounting controls. 

On
July 20, 2022, Armanino LLP Armanino ), the Company s registered independent public accountant for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, advised the Company that its audited financial statements of for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the
 2021 Audit and the unaudited financial statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (the March 2022 Financials ),
should no longer be relied upon. Armanino advised that it had determined, subsequent to the 2021 Audit and review of the March 2022 Financials,
that the Company had entered into a line of credit in January 2022 that was not disclosed in the footnotes to the 2021 Audit and was
not properly recorded in the March 2022 Financials (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included herein for more details). 

On
July 28, 2022, the Board determined that the Company did not have sufficient financial resources to fund its operations or pay certain
existing obligations, including its payroll and related obligations, due to a significant misstatement of our cash balances. 

The
following day, on July 29, 2022, the Company effectively ceased operations (the Operational Cessation ), when it furloughed
the majority of its employees and generally suspended its lottery game sales. The Company s remaining employees were limited to
the heads of the product, information technology and human resources teams as well as the entire legal and compliance team. Within one
week, several additional employees were recalled from furlough. All non-furloughed employees were retained, at the discretion of the
Company s then Chief Operating Officer and Chief Legal Officer, to provide the minimal business functions needed to address the
Company s legal and compliance issues and to secure necessary funding to resume the Company s operations. Less than half
of these non-furloughed employees remain active in the efforts to restore Company operations and as of March 31, 2023, approximately
 1.9 million in outstanding payroll obligations remain unpaid. 

On
September 27, 2022, Armanino resigned as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company, effective immediately. 

1 

On
October 7, 2022, the Audit Committee approved the engagement of Yusufali Associates, LLC, Yusufali as the Company s
new independent registered public accounting firm. 

Since
the Operational Cessation, the Company has had minimal day-to-day operations and has primarily focused its operations on restarting certain
of its core businesses (as described in more detail under - Plans for Recommencement of Company Operations below),
completing the restatements of the Company s 2021 Audit and March 2022 Financials and preparing and filing the Company s
delinquent periodic reports, including Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December
31, 2021, which the Company filed on May 10, 2023, Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the three
months ended March 31, 2022, which the Company filed on May 15, 2023, the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the three
months ended June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, which the Company filed on May 22 and 24, 2023, respectively, the Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2023, and this Report. 

Nasdaq
Listing 

On
March 23, 2023, the Company requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel to appeal a determination
by the Listing Qualifications department (the Staff of Nasdaq dated February 23, 2023, to delist the Company s securities
from Nasdaq. At the hearing before the Panel on April 24, 2023, the Company presented its plan to complete the restatement of its financial
statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and the subsequent quarter ended March 31, 2022, and to file the amended periodic
reports and all subsequent required filings with the SEC. The Company requested the continued listing of its securities on Nasdaq pending
the completion of its compliance plan. 

By
letter dated May 8, 2023, the Panel granted the Company s request for continued listing, on an interim basis, subject to the Company
submitting financial projections for fiscal 2023 and filing the restated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2021, and quarter ended March 31, 2022, with the SEC by May 15, 2023. The Company satisfied these conditions and the Panel indicated
that it would review the filings, along with the updated projections, and thereafter determine whether to afford the Company additional
time to complete the compliance plan presented at the hearing. 

By
letter dated May 24, 2023, the Panel notified the Company that it had determined to suspend trading and otherwise move to delist the
Company s securities from Nasdaq effective with the open of the market on May 26, 2023. The Company s securities were suspended
from trading on that date but the securities were not delisted because the Company thereafter requested that the Panel reconsider its
determination to delist the Company s securities from Nasdaq based upon what the Company believed to be mistakes of material fact
upon which the Panel had based its decision. 

On
June 8, 2023, the Panel notified the Company that it had determined to reverse its prior decision and grant the Company s request
for continued listing subject to the Company s timely compliance with a number of conditions ultimately expiring on August 17,
2023, on which date the Company must satisfy all applicable criteria for continued listing on Nasdaq (the June 8 th 
Decision ). As a result of the foregoing, the suspension from trading ceased and the Company s securities were reinstated
for trading on Nasdaq effective with the open of the market on June 15, 2023. See Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Common
Stock and Warrants - We are not currently in compliance with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq and may not be able to regain
compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards in the future for more information. 

Loan
Agreement with Woodford 

On
December 7, 2022, the Company entered into a loan agreement (the Loan Agreement with Woodford Eurasia Assets, Ltd. Woodford ),
pursuant to which Woodford agreed to provide the Company with up to 52.5 million, subject to certain conditions and requirements, of
which 300 thousand was received by December 31, 2022 and is owed pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement. Amounts borrowed accrue
interest at the rate of 12 per annum (or 22 per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default) and are due within 12 months of the
date of each loan. Amounts borrowed can be repaid at any time without penalty. 

2 

Amounts
borrowed pursuant to the Loan Agreement are convertible, at Woodford s option, into shares of the Company s common stock,
par value 0.001 per share (the common stock ), beginning 60 days after the first loan date at the rate of 80 of the lowest
publicly available price per share of common stock within 10 business days of the date of the Loan Agreement (which was equal to 0.28
per share), subject to a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation and a separate limitation preventing Woodford from holding more than 19.99 
of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, without the Company obtaining shareholder approval for such issuance. 

Conditions
to the Loan Agreement included the resignation of four prior members of the Board (Lisa Borders, Steven M. Cohen, Lawrence Anthony DiMatteo
and William Thompson, all of whom resigned from the Board in September 2022), and the appointment of two new independent directors. Subsequent
loans under the Loan Agreement also require the Company to comply with all listing requirements, unless waived by Woodford. The Loan
Agreement also allows Woodford to nominate another director to the Board of Directors, in the event any independent member of the Board
of Directors resigns. 

Proceeds
of the loans can only be used by to restart the Company s operations and for general corporate purposes agreed to by Woodford. 

The
Loan Agreement includes confidentiality obligations, representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default, which are customary
for a transaction of this size and nature. Included in the Loan Agreement are covenants prohibiting us from (a) making any loan in excess
of 1 million or obtaining any loan in amount exceeding 1 million without the consent of Woodford, which consent may not be unreasonably
withheld; (b) selling more than 1 million in assets; (c) maintaining less than enough assets to perform our obligations under the Loan
Agreement; (d) encumbering any assets, except in the normal course of business, and not in an amount to exceed 1 million; (e) amending
or restating our governing documents; (f) declaring or paying any dividend; (g) issuing any shares which negatively affects Woodford;
and (h) repurchasing any shares. 

The
Company also agreed to grant warrants to purchase shares of common stock to Woodford (the Woodford Warrants in an amount
equal to 15 of the Company s 50,925,271 issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Each Woodford Warrant has an exercise price
equal to the average of the closing price of the Company s common stock for each of the ten days prior to the first amount being
debited from the bank account of Woodford, which equates to an exercise price of 0.28 per share. In the event the Company fails to repay
the amounts borrowed when due or Woodford fails to convert the amount owed into shares, the exercise price of the warrants may be offset
by amounts owed to Woodford, and in such case, the exercise price of the warrants will be subject to a further 25 discount (i.e., will
equal 0.21 per share). 

In
connection with our entry into the Loan Agreement, the Company also entered into a Loan Agreement Deed, Debenture Deed and Securitization,
with Woodford (the Security Agreement ), which provides Woodford with a first floating charge security interest over all
present and future assets of the Company in order to secure the repayment of amounts owed under the Loan Agreement. The floating charge
may be converted into a fixed charge upon the occurrence of certain events including: an event of default; if Woodford reasonably believes
that any secured property may be in jeopardy or danger of being seized or sold; or if Woodford reasonably considers that it is desirable
to protect its security interest. The floating charge may be automatically converted into a fixed charge upon the occurrence of certain
other events. The Security Agreement prohibits the Company from providing any other security interest over our assets, even if secondary
to Woodford, while the amounts borrowed under the Loan Agreement remain unpaid. 

On June 12, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment of its Loan Agreement
with Woodford (the Loan Agreement Amendment ). The Loan Agreement Amendment provides that Woodford shall henceforth be able
to convert, in whole or in part, the outstanding balance of its loan into the conversion shares at a conversion price that represents
a further 25 discount to the original conversion price of 20 . All other terms and conditions of securitization remain in full force
and effect. 

Operations
Prior to Operational Cessation 

Prior
to the Operational Cessation, the Company was a provider of domestic and international lottery products and services. As an independent
third-party lottery game service, we offered a platform that we developed and operated to enable the remote purchase of legally sanctioned
lottery games in the U.S. and abroad (the Platform ). Our revenue generating activities included (i) offering the Platform
via our Lottery.com app and our websites to users located in the U.S. and international jurisdictions where the sale of lottery games
was legal and our services were enabled for the remote purchase of legally sanctioned lottery games (our B2C Platform 
(ii) offering an internally developed, created and operated business-to-business application programming interface API of the Platform, which enabled our commercial partners, in permitted U.S. and international jurisdictions, to purchase certain legally
operated lottery games from us and to resell them to users located within their respective jurisdictions B2B API and
(iii) delivering global lottery data, such as winning numbers and results, and subscriptions to data sets of our proprietary, anonymized
transaction data pursuant to multi-year contracts to commercial digital subscribers Data Service ). 

3 

Mobile
Lottery Game Platform Services 

Both
our B2C Platform and our B2B API provided users with the ability to purchase legally sanctioned draw lottery games via a mobile device
or computer, securely maintain their acquired lottery game, automatically redeem a winning lottery game, as applicable, and receive support,
if required, for the claims and redemption process. Our registration and user interfaces were designed to be easy to use, provide for
the creation of an account and purchase of a lottery game with minimum friction and without the creation of a mobile wallet or requirement
to pre-load minimum funds and - importantly - to provide instant confirmation of the user s lottery game numbers, whether selected
at random or picked by the user. Users of our B2C Platform services paid a service fee and, in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, a mark-up
on the purchase price. Prior to the Operational Cessation, we generated revenue from this service fee and mark-up. Our B2B API Platform
resumed limited operations in April 2023. As of the date of this Report, our B2C Platform is not currently operational. We anticipate
that our B2C Platform will become operational by the end of 2023. 

The
WinTogether Platform 

Prior
to the Operational Cessation, we operated and administered of all sweepstakes offered by WinTogether, a registered 501(c)(3) charitable
organization WinTogether ), which was formed in April 2020 to support charitable, educational, and scientific causes. In
consideration of our operation of the WinTogether platform and administration of the sweepstakes, we received a percentage of the gross
donations to a campaign, from which we paid certain dividends and all administration costs. 

The
WinTogether platform continued operating after the Operational Cessation, until all sweepstakes campaigns were completed and all prizes
awarded. On March 29, 2023, the board of directors of WinTogether voted to suspend its relationship with the Company. 

Current
Operations 

Despite
the Operational Cessation, certain of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries have continued to operate under the direction of
the leadership teams that were in place prior to the Company s acquisition of such companies. While the operational activities
of these subsidiaries vary, from the Operational Cessation through the date of this Report, each of TinBu, Aganar and JuegaLotto has
decreased its expenses and has had its revenue remain consistent or decrease slightly from pre-Operational Cessation levels. 

Data
Services 

In
2018, we acquired TinBu, LLC TinBu ), a digital publisher and provider of lottery data results, jackpots, results, and
other data, as a wholly-owned subsidiary. Through TinBu, our Data Service delivers daily results of over 800 domestic and international
lottery games from more than 40 countries, including the U.S., Canada, and the United Kingdom, to over 400 digital publishers and media
organizations. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We are party to pending litigation and investigations in various jurisdictions
and with various plaintiffs and we may be subject to future litigation or investigations in the operation of our business. An adverse
outcome in one or more proceedings could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations for
more information about our relationship with Tinbu. 

Our
technology pulls real time primary source data, and, in some instances, we acquire data from dedicated data feeds from the lottery authorities.
Our data is constantly monitored to ensure accuracy and timely delivery. We are not required to obtain licenses or approvals from the
lottery authorities to pull this primary source data or to acquire the data from such dedicated feeds. Commercial acquirers of our Data
Service pay a subscription for access to the Data Service and, for acquisition of certain large data sets, an additional per record fee. 

We
additionally enter into multi-year contracts pursuant to which we sell proprietary, anonymized transaction data pursuant to multi-year
agreements and in accordance with our Terms of Service in consideration of a fee and in other instances provide the Data Service within
a bundle of provided services. 

4 

Aganar
and JuegaLotto 

On
June 30, 2021, we acquired 100 of the equity of Global Gaming Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation Global Gaming ),
which holds 80 of the equity of each of Medios Electronicos y de Comunicacion, S.A.P.I de C.V. Aganar and JuegaLotto,
S.A. de C.V. JuegaLotto ). JuegaLotto is federally licensed by the Mexican regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over
the ability to commercialize lottery games in Mexico through an authorized federal gaming portal and to commercialize games of chance
in other countries throughout Latin America. Aganar has been operating in the licensed Online Lottery market in Mexico since 2007 and
has certain rights to sell Mexican National Lottery draw games, instant win tickets, and other games of chance online with access to
a federally approved online casino and sportsbook gaming license and additionally issues a proprietary scratch lottery game in Mexico
under the brand name Capalli. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We need additional capital to, among other things, support and restart
our operations, re-hire employees and pay our expenses. Such capital may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.
If we do not receive the additional capital, we may be forced to curtail or abandon our plans to recommence our operations and we may
need to permanently cease our operations for additional information. 

Sports.com 

In
December 2021, we finalized the acquisition of the domain name https://sports.com and on November 15, 2022, we formed a wholly-owned
subsidiary called Sports.com, Inc., a Texas corporation Sports.com ). Subsequently, Sports.com announced a partnership
with the Saudi Motorsports Company, which enabled the Company to roll out the Sports.com brand at the IFA World Cup decider at the end
of November 2022. In December 2022, Sports.com signed an agreement with Data Sports Group, GmbH DSG ), which provides
Sports.com the exclusive North American distribution rights for sports data products offered and maintained by DSG (the DSG Data ).
The DSG Data is being sold through the same sales resources and sales channels as the lottery data offered by TinBu. 

Plans
for Recommencement of Company Operations 

As
noted above, since the Operational Cessation, the Company has had minimal day-to-day operations and has primarily focused its operations
on restarting certain of its core businesses. The Company has developed a three phase plan to recommence its operations, which plan is
outlined below. 

Phase
1 - Relaunch B2B API Platform . During the Operational Cessation, the Company maintained positive relationships with its ticket-printing
and courier partners, as well as several distribution partners that have been found to be in compliance with local, state, and federal
rules related to ticket procurement and distribution. These partners have implemented the Lottery.com API and have advised the Company
that they expect to be ready to offer lottery games to their customers through their sales channels when the Company resumes operations.
As such, the Company believes that it has sufficient demand to resume operation of its B2B API platform operations, assuming it is able
to maintain the core employee team to manage the lottery ticket fulfillment process and access sufficient capital to relaunch Project
Nexus, which was designed to, among other things, handle high levels of user traffic and transaction volume, while maintaining expediency,
security, and reliability in the administrative and back-office functionality required by the B2B API. Our B2B API Platform resumed limited
operations in April 2023. 

Phase
2 - Resume B2C Platform Operations. The Company believes that it will be in a position to relaunch its B2C Platform by the end of
2023. As of the date of this Report, the Company expects that it will initially relaunch its B2C Platform to customers in Texas for a
period of time before rolling it out to other jurisdictions. If the Texas Bill (as defined below) is enacted into law as drafted, the
Company may elect to accelerate the relaunch of its Platform to customers in another state. The Company plans to limit the rollout in
order to give it additional time to properly vet and confirm compliance with local, state and federal rules related to ticket procurement
and distribution. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors - Regulatory and Compliance Risks - A jurisdiction may enact,
amend, or reinterpret laws and regulations governing our operations in ways that impair our revenues, cause us to incur additional legal
and compliance costs and other operating expenses, or are otherwise not favorable to our existing operations or planned growth, all of
which may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition . The Company
has also maintained various pre-paid media credits that it expects to use to launch and maintain promotional campaigns geared towards
encouraging prior customers to return to the Platform and to acquire new customers. 

5 

Phase
3 - Restore Other Business Lines and Projects. Assuming the success of Phase 1 and Phase 2, the Company expects to restore other
products it previously offered, such as supplying lottery tickets to consumers in approved domestic jurisdictions, partnering with licensed
providers in international jurisdictions to supply legitimate domestic lottery games, and reviving other products and services that were
under development when the Operational Cessation occurred. 

As
of the date of this Report, the current estimated cash balance of the Company and subsidiaries is approximately 102,766. The Company
believes that this cash on hand, along with future borrowings, will be sufficient for the Company to pay its service providers in connection
with the filings of its deficient periodic reports, including this Report and the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
three months ended March 31, 2023. 

As
of the date of this Report, our common stock and warrants are traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the
ticker symbols LTRY and LTRYW, respectively. As of the date of this Report, we are not in compliance with
Nasdaq s continued listing requirements (the Listing Rules ), as discussed in greater detail below under Risk
Factors - Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Warrants - We are not currently in compliance with the continued listing standards of
Nasdaq and may not be able to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards in the future , and have been
granted a limited exception from Nasdaq to continue the listing of our securities. Additionally, under its new management, the Company
continues to work to improve its disclosure and reporting controls, and plans to overhaul its systems of internal control over financial
reporting and invest in additional legal, accounting, and financial resources. 

Even
if the Company s three phase plan to recommence its operations is successful, there can be no assurance that the Company will be
able to regain compliance with the applicable Listing Rules, or that the hearings panel will continue to stay the delisting of the Company s
securities from Nasdaq. If the Company s securities are delisted from Nasdaq, it could be more difficult to buy or sell the Company s
common stock and warrants or to obtain accurate quotations, and the price of the Company s common stock and warrants could suffer
a material decline. Delisting could also impair the Company s ability to raise additional capital needed to funds its operations
and/or trigger defaults and penalties under outstanding agreements or securities of the Company. 

There
can be no assurance that we will have sufficient capital to support our operations and pay expenses, repay our debt, or that additional
funds will be available on favorable terms, if at all. We may not be able to restart our operations and/or generate sufficient funding
to support such operations in the future. The Company s ability to continue its current operations, prepare and refile deficient
and restated reports, and restart its prior operations, is dependent upon obtaining new financing. Future financing options available
to the Company include equity financings, debt financings or other capital sources, including collaborations with other companies or
other strategic transactions. Equity financings may include sales of common stock. Such financing may not be available on terms favorable
to the Company or at all. The terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or rights of the Company s stockholders
and may cause significant dilution to existing stockholders. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining
sufficient funding on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all, which would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial
condition and results of operations, and it could ultimately be forced to discontinue its operations and liquidate. These matters, when
considered in the aggregate, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable
period of time, which is defined as within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The accompanying financial
statements do not contain any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. For more information, see the risk factors in Item 1A of this
Report under the heading Risks Relating to the Internal Investigation, Restatement of our Consolidated Financial Statements,
Our Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, Our Internal Controls and Related Matters. 

Regulation
and Compliance 

We
are subject to a variety of laws in the U.S. and abroad that affect our business, including state, territorial, and federal laws regarding
lotteries, gaming, sweepstakes, consumer protection, electronic marketing, data protection and privacy, competition, taxation, intellectual
property, export, and national security, all of which are continuously evolving. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or
may be applicable to us are often evolving or new and uncertain and may conflict with each other, particularly those governing our international
operations. 

6 

Lottery
and gaming laws are generally based upon declarations of public policy designed to protect consumers from fraud and other misdeeds and
the viability and integrity of the games, while raising revenues for the particular country, state, or other authorizing jurisdiction.
To accomplish these goals, stringent laws and regulations may be established to ensure that participants in the industry meet certain
standards of character and responsibility, which may require participants to: 

ensure that games are conducted fairly and honestly; 

establish procedures designed to prevent cheating and
 fraudulent practices; 

establish and maintain anti-money laundering practices
 and procedures; 

establish and maintain responsible accounting practices
 and procedures; 

ensure that lottery games are sold only at the price
 established by the applicable lottery regulator; 

report prizes awarded and withhold certain amounts
 for taxes and other specified liabilities; 

file periodic reports with regulators; 

establish programs to promote responsible gaming and
 comply with other social responsibility practices; and 

enforce minimum age requirements. 

State
and federal laws in the U.S. govern and, in some cases, limit our business practices. For example, the Interstate Wagering Amendment
to 18 U.S.C. 1301 limits our ability to purchase lottery games for a user located in one state from a lottery authority located
in another state, except under certain limited circumstances, such as where the lottery authorities in the respective states allow the
sales. Therefore, when such offerings are operational, for our users located within the U.S., we only purchase lottery games for users
geolocated to be physically situated at the time within the U.S. state or jurisdiction where the lottery game they are purchasing is
being conducted, unless an exception were to be authorized by the applicable lottery authorities. For more information, see Item
1A. Risk Factors - Regulatory and Compliance Risks - If the Interstate Wagering Amendment is interpreted or applied to prohibit transmissions
to foreign countries, it could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In
addition, the Wire Act provides that anyone engaged in the business of betting or wagering that knowingly uses a wire communication facility
for the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of bets or wagers or information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers on
any sporting event or contest, or for the transmission of a wire communication that entitles the recipient to receive money or credit
as a result of bets or wagers, or for information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers, may be fined or imprisoned, or both. The
Wire Act provides, however, that it shall not be construed to prevent the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of information
for use in news reporting of sporting events or contests, or for the transmission of information assisting in the placing of bets or
wagers on a sporting event or contest from a state or foreign country where betting on that sporting event or contest is legal into a
state or foreign country in which such betting is legal. In late 2011, the Office of Legal Counsel (the OLC in the U.S.
Department of Justice (the DOJ issued an opinion that concluded the conduct prohibited by the Wire Act was limited to
sports gambling; however, in January 2019, the OLC issued a new opinion (the 2019 Opinion that concluded that the restrictions
in the Wire Act on the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of bets and wagers was not limited to sports gambling but applied
to all bets and wagers, including those involving state lotteries. Reinterpretation of the federal Wire Act by the OLC threatened certain
online lottery sales, leading to litigation in which the First Circuit Court of Appeals (the First Circuit determined
that the Wire Act applies only to interstate wire communications related to sporting events or contests and not lottery games. Finding
that the declaratory judgment was an adequate remedy at law, however, the First Circuit declined to set aside the 2019 Opinion under
the Administrative Procedure Act. In addition to the First Circuit s decision, the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit (the Fifth Circuit has previously held the Wire Act prohibitions apply only to sports gambling. Because many of
the Company s operations occur outside the jurisdictions of the First Circuit and Fifth Circuit, and because the First Circuit
did not set aside the 2019 Opinion, we are still monitoring the potential impact of the 2019 Opinion on our business. For more information,
see Item 1A. Risk Factors - Regulatory and Compliance Risks - If there is a final determination on the applicability of the
Wire Act to our operations and it is determined or codified that the Wire Act extends to transmission of lottery games in interstate
or foreign commerce, certain of our operations that are not currently restricted by statute or practice to a state s territorial
boundaries may be negatively impacted or eliminated, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions,
and results of operations . 

7 

Some
states prohibit the use of courier services and the sale of online lottery tickets, while others limit the charges that we can impose
and collect. When such offerings are operational, we only purchase lottery games on behalf of our users and customers where our services
are permitted and in accordance with applicable laws. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to our services
and the fees we charge are subject to interpretation and may change. For example, in April 2023, the Texas State Senate passed Senate
Bill 1820 (the Texas Bill ), which would, among other things, prohibit online lottery gaming and the use of courier services
in Texas, if enacted. As of the date of this Report, the Texas Bill is under review of the Texas State House of Representatives. If the
Texas Bill is enacted into law as drafted, the new rules would be implemented by January 1, 2024. 

Our
compliance with local, territorial and federal laws is based on our interpretation of existing state and federal laws regarding lottery
services such as ours. We have obtained legal advice and notified certain lottery authorities in U.S. jurisdictions where we do business
of the services that we offer, but in most cases, we have not received definitive determinations of the laws applicable to our services.
There is a risk that existing or future laws in the states and jurisdictions in which we operate may be interpreted in a manner that
is not consistent with our business model. Future laws that permit certain lottery services may be accompanied by restrictions or taxes
that make it impractical or less feasible to operate in certain jurisdictions. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors
- Regulatory and Compliance Risks - A jurisdiction may enact, amend, or reinterpret laws and regulations governing our operations in
ways that impair our revenues, cause us to incur additional legal and compliance costs and other operating expenses, or are otherwise
not favorable to our existing operations or planned growth, all of which may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations,
cash flow, or financial condition. 

Other
laws and regulations may be adopted or construed to apply to us that could restrict our business model, including privacy, taxation,
marketing, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, copyright, currency exchange, export, and antitrust laws, as well as laws governing
public companies. 

The
growth of electronic commerce may prompt calls for stronger consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on companies
such as ours conducting business through the Internet and mobile devices. It is likely that scrutiny and regulation of our industry may
increase, and we will be required to devote additional resources to compliance with applicable regulations. While we believe that we
are currently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulatory requirements, we cannot assure that our
activities or our users activities will not become the subject of any regulatory or law enforcement investigation, proceeding,
or other governmental action or that any such investigation, proceeding, or action, as the case may be, would not have a materially adverse
impact on us or our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

For
more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors - Regulatory and Compliance Risks - Our business model and the conduct of our operations
may have to vary in each U.S. jurisdiction where we do business to address the unique features of applicable law to ensure we remain
in compliance with that jurisdiction s laws. Our failure to adequately do so may have an adverse impact on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations . 

Licensing 

We
currently hold a license issued by the Texas Lottery Commission to conduct the retail sale of lottery tickets in the State of Texas.
We may determine or be required to secure additional licenses from other regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over our operations
in new markets in which we contemplate expansion. Such licensure may impose additional obligations on us and our operations, which may
include continuous disclosure to and investigation by the applicable regulatory authority into the financial stability, integrity, and
business experience of our company, its affiliates, and their respective significant stockholders, directors, officers, and key employees.
In markets in which we have not previously operated or in newly regulated markets, licensing regimes may impose licensing requirements
or conditions with which we have not previously been required to comply, which may include locating technical infrastructure within the
relevant territory, establishing real-time data interfaces with the regulatory authority, implementing consumer protection and privacy
measures, or additional approvals or certifications of our technology, all of which may present operational challenges and material costs.
Certain stockholders may be required to be licensed. 

8 

To
the extent that any stockholder, director, officer, or key employee is required to submit to required background checks and provide disclosure,
and such individual fails to do so or they or we do not successfully do so, this may jeopardize the grant of a license, provide grounds
for termination of an existing license, or result in the imposition of penalties. Generally, any person or entity who fails or refuses
to apply for a governmental license, finding of suitability, registration, permit, or approvals within the prescribed period after being
advised by a competent authority that they are required to do so may be denied or found unsuitable, as applicable, which may result in
our determining or being required to sever our relationship with such person or entity. Further, we may be subject to disciplinary action
or suffer revocation of licensure if, following notification that a person or entity is disqualified or unsuitable, we (a) pay them any
dividend or interest upon our shares; (b) allow them to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through the shares
they hold; (c) pay them remuneration in any form for services rendered or otherwise; or (d) if required, fail to pursue all lawful efforts
to require them to relinquish their shares. 

Furthermore,
our Charter provides that any of our securities held by a person or entity that is disqualified or unsuitable, as such terms are defined
in our Charter, are subject to redemption by us as and to the extent required by a regulatory authority or deemed necessary or advisable
by our Board in its sole and absolute discretion. If a gaming authority requires the Company, or our Board deems it necessary or advisable,
to cause any such securities be subject to redemption, we will deliver a redemption notice (as described in the Charter) to such person
or entity or its affiliate(s) (as applicable) and we will purchase the number and type of securities specified in the redemption notice
for the redemption price determined in accordance with the Charter and set forth in the redemption notice. 

Data
Protection and Privacy 

Because
we handle, collect, store, receive, transmit, and otherwise process certain personal information of our users, customers, and employees,
we are also subject to federal, state, and international laws related to the privacy and protection of such data. Regulations such as
the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union and the California Consumer Privacy Act could affect our business, and the
potential impact is still being determined. Other states are considering similar laws, which could impact our business. 

Responsible
and Underage Gaming 

We
are committed to compliance with the underage and responsible gambling requirements set forth in the domestic and international statutes
and regulations governing our operations. We take our corporate responsibility to our users and the regulators with authority over our
business very seriously, and we are focused on maintaining a safe and responsible gaming environment. We support and are members of the
National Council on Problem Gaming, whose mission is to lead state and national stakeholders in the development of comprehensive policy
and programs for all those affected by problem gaming. We continue to evaluate and develop our technology to meet the statutory requirements
regarding responsible gaming and self-exclusion, as well as our own self-imposed objectives regarding corporate social responsibility. 

All
of the U.S. jurisdictions and most of the international jurisdictions in which we operate prohibit sales of lottery tickets to persons
under 18 years of age. We have instituted know-your-customer requirements to aid our efforts in identifying minors and preventing them
from using our services. 

Many
jurisdictions, especially international jurisdictions, are imposing more stringent rules with regard to underage and responsible gambling.
This trend could continue to spread, and both U.S. and international jurisdictions may strengthen underage and responsible gambling requirements. 

Compliance 

We
intend to continue to develop a comprehensive internal compliance program, which will ensure compliance with legal requirements imposed
in connection with our activities and with legal requirements generally applicable to all publicly traded companies. While we are firmly
committed to full compliance with all applicable laws, we cannot ensure that our compliance program will prevent the violation of one
or more laws or regulations, or that a violation by us, an employee, a customer or other third-party will not result in enforcement action,
the imposition of a monetary fine or suspension or revocation of one or more of our licenses, which could have a material adverse effect
on us or on our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. 

9 

Because
we do business in international jurisdictions, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and other anti-corruption laws that may apply where we operate. As we continue
to expand globally, we are likely to be subject to additional laws and restrictions, which increases the risk that we will inadvertently
violate one of those laws or restrictions. 

Governance
Changes 

All
members of the Board and all principal executive officers who served in such positions as of the end of the prior year and at the time
of the Operational Cessation, have resigned from such positions. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this Report, the Company has 10 non-furloughed employees who remain active in the efforts to restore Company operations. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on a combination of trademark, copyright, and trade secret protection laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, as well as confidentiality
procedures and contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and our brand. 

We
have been using the LOTTERY.COM trademark since 2017; in February 2021, the LOTTERY.COM logo was registered on the Supplemental Register
of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. As of December 31, 2022, the registration of our LOTTERY.COM, AUTOLOTTO and SPORTS.COM word
marks and SPORTS.COM logo were pending with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. In March 2023, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office denied the registration
of the SPORTS.COM word mark and the appeal period has expired. The registration of the SPORTS.COM logo has also been denied and the Company
is currently considering whether to appeal such denial. We are also using and/or have common-law trademark
rights in the trademarks AUTOLOTTO, SPORTS.COM, and TAP, TAP, TICKET. We will continue to evaluate the filing of trademark applications in
the U.S. and internationally, as appropriate. 

While
we did not own any patent applications or issued patents as of December 31, 2022, we will continue to evaluate our technology to determine
whether it is appropriate to file patent applications in the U.S. or internationally. 

We
seek to protect our intellectual property rights by implementing policies that require our employees and independent contractors involved
in development of intellectual property to enter into agreements acknowledging that all intellectual property generated or conceived
by them on our behalf are our property and assigning to us any rights that they may claim or otherwise have in those works or property,
to the extent allowable under applicable law. 

Notwithstanding
our best efforts to protect our technology and proprietary rights through registrations, licenses, and contracts, unauthorized parties
may still seek to use our intellectual property and technology without rights thereto. We may also face allegations that we have infringed
the intellectual property rights of third parties, including our competitors and non-practicing entities. 

Available
Information 

Our
Internet address is www.lottery.com. Our website and the information contained therein or linked thereto are not part of this Report. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

We
have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations or reputation. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or
that we currently believe are not material may also significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or
reputation. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The risk factors described below should be read together with the other
information set forth in this Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, as well as in other documents
that we file with the SEC. 

10 

Risks
Relating to the Internal Investigation, Restatement of our Consolidated Financial Statements, Our Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,
Our Internal Controls and Related Matters 

The
findings of the previously disclosed Internal Investigation and other matters have exposed us to a number of legal proceedings, investigations
and inquiries, resulted in significant legal and other expenses, required significant time and attention from our senior management,
among other adverse impacts. 

As
previously disclosed in the Company s Current Reports on Form 8-K, initially filed with the SEC on July 6, 2022 and July 22, 2022,
the Board retained outside counsel to conduct the Internal Investigation that revealed instances of non-compliance with state and federal
laws concerning the state in which tickets are procured as well as order fulfillment, and issues pertaining to the Company s internal
accounting controls. Certain of these issues contributed to the Company s auditors determination that the Company s
audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the unaudited financial statement for the quarter ended March 31,
2022, should no longer be relied upon and required restatement. 

These
issues have had and could continue to have material adverse impacts on us. We and certain of our former officers are the subject of a
number of legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries with respect to these issues and have been named as a defendant in a number
of lawsuits, including class action lawsuits. We incurred significant costs in connection with the Internal Investigation, including
legal expenses and cost associated with the restatement and adjustment of our financial statements. We may also incur material costs
associated with our indemnification arrangements with our current and former directors and certain of our officers, as well as other
indemnitees. Moreover, an unfavorable outcome in any of these matters could result in significant damages, additional penalties or other
remedies imposed against us, and/or our current or former directors or officers, which could harm our reputation, business, financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, an unfavorable outcome in any of these matters could exceed coverage provided,
if any, under potentially applicable insurance policies, which is limited. For example, we currently do not have an effective director
and officer liability insurance policy in place for our current officers and directors, and may not have the financial resources or otherwise
be able to obtain a director and officer liability insurance at reasonable cost or terms in the future. These issues have also led to
material adverse impacts on our operations, including the Operational Cessation, our reputation and our relationships with business partners,
as well as material adverse impacts on our financial position, including incurred costs and expenses and our ability to raise new capital
in the future. Further, our senior management team devoted significant time to facilitate the Internal Investigation and is expected
to continue to devote significant time and efforts to address the impacts associated with or arising from the Internal Investigation. 

We
cannot predict all impacts on us in connection with or arising from any of the foregoing. Any unknown or new risks might result in a
material adverse effect on us. 

We
and certain of our former officers are, and in the future, we or our officers and directors may become, the subject of legal proceedings,
investigations and inquiries by governmental agencies with respect to the findings of the Internal Investigation and other matters, which
could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and could
result in additional claims and material liabilities. 

Certain
of our former officers are currently the subject of investigations and inquiries by the SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ relating to the findings of the Internal Investigation and other matters, and we are cooperating fully with such investigations and inquiries.
In the future, we or our officers and directors may become the subject of legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries by governmental
agencies in various jurisdictions relating to the findings of Internal Investigation and other matters. 

These
investigations and inquiries and any other similar or related future legal proceedings, investigations or inquiries are subject to inherent
uncertainties, and the actual costs to be incurred relating to these matters will depend upon many unknown factors. We are unable to
predict the outcome of these legal proceedings, investigations and inquiries, and we could be forced to expend significant resources
in the defense of these actions, and we may not prevail. Cooperating with as well as monitoring and defending against the legal actions
is time-consuming for management and detracts from their ability to fully focus our internal resources on continuing to restart our business
operations, which could result in delays in our anticipated recommencement plan. In addition, we have already incurred and may continue
to incur substantial legal fees and costs in connection with these matters. We are also generally obligated, to the extent permitted
by law, to indemnify our current and former directors and officers who are named in these and similar actions and do not have an effective
director and officer liability insurance policy in place for our current officers and directors. We are not currently able to estimate
the possible cost to us from these matters, as we cannot be certain how long they may take to resolve or the possible amount of any civil
penalties or damages, if any, that we may be required to pay. It is possible that we could, in the future, incur judgments or enter into
settlements of claims for monetary damages. Decisions adverse to our interests in these actions could result in damages, fines, penalties,
consent orders or other administrative sanctions against the Company and/or our officers, or in changes to our business practices, among
others, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial position. 

11 

Furthermore,
publicity surrounding any such proceeding, investigation or inquiry or any enforcement action as a result thereof, even if ultimately
resolved favorably for us, coupled with the intensified public scrutiny of our Company and certain of its practices, could result in
additional investigations and legal proceedings. As a result, such proceedings, investigations and inquiries could have a material adverse
effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, including our ability to raise new capital, cash flows and results of operations
and could cause our securities to decline in value or become worthless. 

We
have been named as a defendant in a number of lawsuits filed by purchasers of our securities, including class action lawsuits that could
have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows, and our reputation. 

We
have been named as a defendant in a number of lawsuits filed by purchasers of our securities, including class action lawsuits and will
have to defend against such suits, including any appeals of such suits should our initial defenses be unsuccessful. We are currently
unable to estimate the possible loss or possible range of loss, if any, associated with the resolution of these suits. In the event that
our initial defenses of these suits are unsuccessful, there can be no assurance that we will prevail in any appeal. 

We
cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits. The matters that led to our Internal Investigation and our financial restatement have exposed
us to increased risks of litigation, regulatory proceedings and government enforcement actions. We and our current and former directors
and officers may, in the future, be subject to additional litigation relating to such matters. Subject to certain limitations, we are
obligated to indemnify our current and former directors and officers in connection with such lawsuits and any related litigation or settlements
amounts. Regardless of the outcome, these lawsuits, and any other litigation that may be brought against us or our current or former
directors and officers, could be time-consuming, result in significant expense and divert the attention and resources of our management
and other key employees. An unfavorable outcome in any of these matters could result in significant damages, additional penalties or
other remedies imposed against us, our current or former directors or officers, which could harm our reputation, business, financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, an unfavorable outcome in any of these matters could exceed coverage provided,
if any, under potentially applicable insurance policies, which is limited. Following disclosure of the results of our Internal Investigation,
we have had difficulties in obtaining desirable insurance coverage, or any insurance coverage, regarding legal proceedings, investigations
and inquiries, and we cannot assure you with any certainty that we will be able to obtain such coverage in the future. 

Matters
relating to or arising from the restatement and the Internal Investigation, including adverse publicity and potential concerns from our
users, customers or others with whom we do business, have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our business and financial
condition. 

We
have been and could continue to be the subject of negative publicity focusing on the Internal Investigation and the restatement and adjustment
of our financial statements, and we may be adversely impacted by negative reactions from our users, customers or others with whom we
do business. Concerns include the perception of the effort required to address our accounting and control environment, and the ability
for us to be a long-term provider to our customers. Continued adverse publicity and potential concerns from our customers and business
partners or others could harm our business and have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

In
July 2022, we furloughed the majority of our employees and suspended our lottery game sales operations after determining that we did
not have sufficient financial resources to fund our operations or pay certain existing obligations, including our payroll and related
obligations. As a result, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. 

In
July 2022, we furloughed the majority of our employees and ceased our operations after determining that we did not have sufficient financial
resources to fund our operations or pay certain existing obligations, including our payroll and related obligations. As of December 31,
2022, the Company owed approximately 1.6 million in outstanding payroll obligations, which amounts remain unpaid. Since our business
is largely dependent on the efforts and talents of our employees, particularly our developers and engineers, and the provision of ongoing
services to customers by our employees, the loss of these employees has and may continue to result in the inability of the Company to
operate its business and technology, meet its obligations to customers, maintain key customer relationships and revenue, and fulfill
its contractual obligations. 

12 

In
order for the Company to restart its operations, it must raise sufficient capital to re-hire employees. Qualified employees may not be
available for hire, and/or may require salaries or benefits in excess of what we paid persons in similar positions previously, due to
among other things, our need to hire such persons away from their current jobs and the negative impact that the furlough has had on our
reputation. 

If
we are not able to restart our operations, hire new employees, and obtain funding sufficient to support and restart our operations, we
may be forced to permanently cease our operations, sell off our assets and operations, and/or seek bankruptcy protection, which could
cause the value of our securities to become worthless. 

These
conditions, along with our current lack of material revenue producing activities, and significant debt, raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly, the financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements included herein also include a going concern footnote. 

We
need additional capital to, among other things, support and restart our operations, re-hire employees and pay our expenses. Such capital
may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If we do not receive the additional capital, we may be forced to curtail
or abandon our plans to recommence our operations and we may need to permanently cease our operations. 

We
need to raise capital to, among other things, support and restart our operations, re-hire employees and pay our expenses. The most likely
source of future funds presently available to us will be through future borrowings under the Loan Agreement or through the sale of equity
or debt. We may have difficulty obtaining additional funding, and we may have to accept terms that would adversely affect our stockholders.
For example, the terms of any future financings, similar to the Loan Agreement, may impose restrictions on the manner in which we conduct
our business, including our ability to pay dividends. Additionally, lending institutions or private investors may impose restrictions
on a future decision by us to make capital expenditures, acquisitions or significant asset sales. Obtaining additional financing involves
certain risks, including: 

additional equity or debt
 financing may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all; 

if we raise additional
 funds by issuing equity, equity-linked securities or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges
 senior to the rights of our currently issued and outstanding equity or debt, and our existing stockholders may experience dilution; 

loans or other debt instruments
 may have terms and/or conditions, such as interest rate, restrictive covenants and control or revocation provisions, which are not
 acceptable to management or our Board; 

we may not have sufficient
 funds to repay our debt, which could lead us to default on our obligations; and 

the current environment
 in capital markets combined with our capital constraints may prevent us from being able to obtain adequate debt financing. 

If
Woodford does not advance us amounts owed under the Loan Agreement and/or we are unable to raise additional funds, we may not be able
to raise enough capital to recommence our operations and run our business. Consequently, we may be forced to curtail or even abandon
our plan to recommence our operations and we may need to permanently cease our operations. 

Further, the operating
relationship between the Company and some of its partners, such as the minority owners of Aganar and JuegaLotto, may be negatively impacted
by the Company s lack of liquidity. If these relationships were to become strained or be terminated entirely, it could have a material
adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, including our ability to raise new capital, cash flows and results of
operations. 

13 

If
we fail to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may be unable to accurately report our results of operations,
meet our reporting obligations or prevent fraud, and investor confidence and the trading price of our common stock and warrants may be
materially and adversely affected. 

In
connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, we and our
independent registered public accounting firm identified certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2021. Such material weaknesses have not been remediated as of December 31, 2022. As defined in the
standards established by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, a material weakness is a
deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. 

The
material weaknesses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 identified include: 

Lack of sufficient number
 of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge and experience in accounting for complex or non-routine transactions; 

The fact that our policies
 and procedures with respect to the review, supervision and monitoring of our accounting and reporting functions were either not designed
 and in place or not operating effectively; 

Deficiencies in the design
 and operations of the procedures relating to the timely closing of financial books at the quarter and fiscal year end; and 

Incomplete segregation
 of duties in certain types of transactions and processes. 

As
a result of the material weaknesses, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We
intend to implement measures to remediate the identified material weaknesses. Despite these efforts, no assurance can be provided that
such remedial measures will be successful in fully resolving the deficiencies in our internal controls, including those identified by
the Internal Investigation, will insulate us from the consequences of past disclosure inaccuracies, or will be successful in preventing
inaccurate disclosures in the future. The Company also cannot predict whether, or to what extent, such remedial actions will impact its
operations or financial results. See Item 9A. Controls and Procedures- Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting . 

Further,
there can be no guarantee that the Internal Investigation and subsequent inquiries revealed all instances of inaccurate disclosure or
other deficiencies, or that other existing or past inaccuracies or deficiencies will not be revealed in the future. Our failure to correct
these deficiencies or our failure to discover and address any other deficiencies could result in inaccuracies in our financial statements
and could also impair our ability to comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and related regulatory filings on a timely
basis. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our shares
of common stock and warrants, may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, these deficiencies could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, limiting our access to capital
markets, adversely affecting our operating results and leading to declines in the trading price of our shares of common stock and warrants.
Additionally, ineffective internal controls could expose us to increased risks of fraud or misappropriation of corporate assets and subject
us to further litigation and/or regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions. We could also be required to further restate
our historical financial statements. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, requires that
we include a report from management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Reports on Form
10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. In addition, once we become an accelerated filer and cease to be a smaller
reporting company as such terms are defined in the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm must attest to
and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, even if our management concludes that our
internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm, after conducting its own independent
testing, may issue an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting because of the existence of a
material weakness if it is not satisfied with our internal controls or the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated
or reviewed, or if it interprets the relevant requirements differently from us. In addition, as a public company, our reporting obligations
may place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources and systems for the foreseeable future. We may
be unable to timely complete our evaluation testing and any required remediation. 

14 

During
the course of documenting and testing our internal control procedures, in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404, we may identify
other weaknesses and deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal
control over financial reporting, as these standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to conclude
on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. Generally speaking,
if we fail to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment, it could result in future material misstatements in our
financial statements and could also impair our ability to comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and related regulatory
filings on a timely basis. As a result, our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading
price of our shares of common stock and warrants, may be materially and adversely affected. 

The
circumstances that led to the failure to file our annual report and quarterly reports on time, and our efforts to investigate, assess
and remediate those matters have caused and may continue to cause substantial delays in our SEC filings. 

Our
ability to resume a timely filing schedule with respect to our SEC reporting is subject to a number of contingencies, including whether
and how quickly we are able to effectively remediate the identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting.
Our filing of our quarterly reports and annual report has been delayed and we cannot assure you we will be able to timely make our future
filings. 

In
cases where we delay our filings, investors will need to evaluate certain decisions with respect to our shares of common stock and warrants
in light of our lack of current financial information. Accordingly, any investment in our shares and/or warrants may involve a greater
degree of risk than other companies who are current on their public filings. Our lack of current public information may have an adverse
impact on investor confidence, which could lead to a reduction in our stock price or restrictions on our abilities to obtain financing
in the public market, among others. 

Business,
Market Economic Risks 

Competition
within the global entertainment and gaming industries is intense and if we fail to compete effectively, our users may be attracted to
our competitors or to competing forms of entertainment including those on mobile devices and web applications, such as streaming, online
gaming, esports, and online sports betting. If our offerings are not popular, we could experience price reductions, reduced margins,
loss of market share, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 

Our
users have a vast array of entertainment choices, including television, movies, sporting events, in-person lottery gaming, real money
gaming, and sports betting, all of which are more established and may be perceived by our users to offer greater variety, affordability,
interactivity, and enjoyment than our offerings. We compete with these and other forms of entertainment for our users discretionary
time and income. If we are unable to sustain sufficient interest in our product offerings in comparison to other forms of entertainment,
including new and emerging forms of entertainment available on mobile devices and web applications, such as streaming, online gaming,
esports, and online sports betting, our business model may not continue to be viable. 

In
addition, the specific industries in which we have historically operated are characterized by dynamic consumer demand and technological
advances, and there is intense competition amongst providers to the lottery, online gaming, sports betting, and promotions industries.
Specifically, a number of established, well-financed third-party lottery application companies, online gaming providers, sports betting,
and interactive entertainment companies have competed with our offerings, and other well-capitalized companies may introduce competitive
services that achieve greater market acceptance. Such competitors may spend more money and time on developing and testing products, services,
and systems, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing or promotional policies, or otherwise develop
more commercially successful products, services, or systems than we are able, which could negatively impact our business. Furthermore,
new competitors may enter the mobile lottery industry, and government lottery operators may introduce forms of online lottery gaming
that compete with our services. There has also been, and continues to be, considerable consolidation among competitors in the entertainment,
gaming, and lottery industries, and such consolidation, and future consolidation, could result in the formation of larger competitors
with increased financial resources and altered cost structures, which may enable them to offer more competitive products, gain a larger
market share, expand offerings, and broaden their geographic scope of operations. If we are not able to achieve some market share, if
our offerings are not popular, or if we are not able to provide competitive products, our business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be harmed. 

15 

Economic
downturns, inflation, and political and market conditions beyond our control could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Our
financial performance is subject to U.S. and global economic conditions and their impact on levels of spending by potential users and
customers of our Platform and acquirers of our Data Service. Economic recessions, or other economic conditions such as rising inflation
and interest rates, have had, and may continue to have, far reaching adverse consequences across many industries, including the global
entertainment, lottery, sweepstakes and promotions, and gaming industries, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. Tepid growth was experienced in the U.S. and globally following the financial crisis in 2008 through 2009,
and there appears to be an increasing risk of a recession or inflationary economic impacts due to international trade and monetary policy,
rising interest rates and inflation, and acts or threats of acts of war (including the ongoing war in Ukraine), along with other economic
challenges. If the national and international economic recovery slows or stalls, these economies experience another recession, or any
of the relevant regional or local economies suffers a downturn, or if inflationary effects accelerate, we may experience a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

In
addition, changes in general market, economic, and political conditions in domestic and foreign economies or financial markets, including
those resulting from, for example: the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; rising interest rates and inflation; geopolitical challenges,
including global security concerns in response to Russia s continued war in Ukraine; financial and credit market instability or
the unavailability of credit; and fluctuation in stock markets, may reduce users , customers , or subscribers disposable
income and corporate budgets. Any one of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or
results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

Reductions
in discretionary consumer spending could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
business is particularly sensitive to reductions from time to time in discretionary consumer spending. Demand for entertainment and leisure
activities, including lottery play, can be affected by changes in the economy and consumer tastes, both of which are difficult to predict
and beyond our control. Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, including recessions, economic slowdowns, sustained high
levels of unemployment, and rising prices and inflation, or the perception by consumers of weak or weakening economic conditions, may
reduce our users disposable income or result in fewer individuals engaging in entertainment and leisure activities, such as purchasing
lottery games through remote channels. Several factors relating to this economic downturn, including reductions in discretionary income
due to changes in employment conditions, as well as customer preferences regarding discretionary spending habits, have caused and will
likely continue to cause a reduction in consumer spending. As a result, fewer individuals may engage in gaming and lottery activities.
The effect of a decrease in consumer spending on entertainment and leisure activities due to unfavorable market conditions could reduce
the Company s cash flows and revenues, and therefore have a material and adverse impact on our results of operations. As a result,
we cannot ensure that demand for our offerings will remain constant or achieve our anticipated growth. 

Adverse
developments affecting economies throughout the world, including a general tightening of availability of credit, decreased liquidity
in certain financial markets, increased interest rates and inflation, foreign exchange fluctuations, increased energy costs, acts or
perceived threats of war or terrorism, transportation disruptions, natural disasters, declining consumer confidence, sustained high levels
of unemployment, or significant declines in stock markets, natural disasters, as well as concerns regarding pandemics, epidemics, and
the spread of contagious diseases, could lead to a further reduction in discretionary spending on entertainment and leisure activities,
such as lottery play and participation in sweepstakes. Any significant or prolonged decrease in consumer spending on entertainment or
leisure activities could adversely affect the demand for our offerings, reducing our cash flows and revenues, and thereby materially
harming our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become
worthless. 

16 

Negative
events or negative media coverage relating to, or a declining popularity of, the lottery or lottery games in general, or other negative
coverage relating to lottery, forms of online gaming or betting, or the gaming industry, may adversely impact our ability to retain or
attract users, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Public
opinion can significantly influence our business. Unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, us, members of our management and Board,
our technology, our implementation of upgrades and changes to our technology, the quality of our Platform and its interfaces, our product
offerings, our other services and systems, actual or threatened litigation or regulatory activity, the actions of third parties with
whom we have relationships, our ability to recommence our business operations, or the conduct of the lottery authorities and the products
they offer, including declining popularity of a particular lottery game or lottery games in general, could seriously harm our reputation.
In addition, a negative shift in the perception of lottery games by the public or by politicians, lobbyists, or others could affect future
legislation regarding the mobile purchase of lottery games from third-party providers, including with respect to the regulation or licensure
of couriers, or with respect to the legalization of online lottery game sales Online Lottery ), either of which may impact
our operations. Negative public perception could also lead to new restrictions on or to the prohibition of mobile lottery play in jurisdictions
in which we currently operate. Such negative publicity could also adversely affect the size, demographics, engagement, and loyalty of
our new players and established user base, and it could result in decreased revenue or slower user growth rates, which could seriously
harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

Our
future growth will depend largely on our ability to attract players and retain users, and the loss of our users, failure to attract new
users in a cost-effective manner, or failure to effectively manage our growth could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Our
ability to achieve growth in revenue in the future will depend, in large part, upon our ability to attract new players to our offerings,
retain existing users of our offerings, and reactivate users in a cost-effective manner. Achieving growth in our community of users may
require us to increasingly engage in sophisticated and costly sales and marketing efforts, which may not make sense in terms of return
on investment. We have used and expect to continue to use a variety of free and paid marketing channels, in combination with the promotional
activity of in-state and multi-state issued lottery games, to achieve our objectives. For paid marketing, we intend to leverage a broad
array of advertising channels, which may include a combination of radio and social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, and
Twitter, affiliate marketing, paid and organic search engines, and other digital channels, such as mobile display. If the search engines
on which we rely modify their algorithms, change their terms around gaming and lottery, or if the prices at which we may purchase listings
increase, then our costs could increase, and fewer users may click through to our websites or download our application. If links to our
websites or application are not displayed prominently in online search results, if fewer users click through to our websites or application,
if our other digital marketing campaigns are not effective, or if the costs of attracting users using any of our current methods significantly
increase, then our ability to efficiently attract new users could be reduced, our revenue could decline, and our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be harmed and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

In
addition, our ability to increase the number of users of our offerings will depend on user adoption of playing lottery games remotely
via a third-party application. Growth in the mobile and online lottery industry and the level of demand for and market acceptance of
our product offerings is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. We cannot ensure that players will use our products or that the industry
will achieve more widespread acceptance. 

Additionally,
as technological or regulatory standards change and we modify our offerings to comply with those standards, we may need users to take
certain actions to continue playing, such as performing age verification and location checks or accepting new terms and conditions, including
those regarding responsible gaming. Users may stop using our offerings at any time, including if the quality of the user experience or
our support capabilities in the event of a user concern, does not meet their expectations or keep pace with the quality of the customer
experience generally offered by competitive offerings. This could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations
and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

17 

Prior
to the Operationally Cessation, Internet search engines drove traffic to our B2C Platform and our user growth could decline and our business,
financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected if we fail to appear prominently in search results when we
recommence operations. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to attract users through unpaid Internet search results on search engines like Google, Yahoo!,
and Bing. The number of users we attract to our B2C Platform from search engines is due, in large part, to how and where our website
ranks in unpaid search results. These rankings can be affected by a number of factors, many of which are not under our direct control
and may change frequently. For example, a search engine may change its ranking algorithms, methodologies, or design layouts. As a result,
links to our web-based properties may not be prominent enough to drive traffic, and we may not know how or otherwise be in a position
to influence the results. In some instances, search engine companies may change these rankings in a way that promotes their own competing
products or services or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. Search engines may also adopt a more aggressive auction-pricing
system for keywords that would cause us to incur higher advertising costs or reduce our market visibility to prospective players. Our
websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past, and we anticipate similar fluctuations in the future. Any
reduction in the number of users directed to our B2C Platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

We
may be unable to continue to use the domain names that we use in our business or prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain
names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our brand, trademarks, or service marks. 

We
have registered domain names that we use in, or are related to, our business, most importantly www.lottery.com and sports.com .
We believe our easily identifiable and definitional brands and domain names are one of our competitive strengths. If we lose the ability
to use our domain names, especially www.lottery.com and sports.com , whether due to trademark claims, failure to renew applicable
registrations, or any other cause, we may be forced to incur significant expense in order to attempt to purchase rights to the domain
name in question, the failure of which would require us to market the relevant offerings under a new domain name, and we may be required
to change our brand, which could cause us substantial harm and expense, and could negatively impact our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. We may not be able to obtain preferred domain names outside the U.S. due to a variety of reasons. In addition,
our competitors and others could attempt to capitalize on our brand recognition by using domain names similar to ours. We may be unable
to prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our
brand or our trademarks or service marks. Protecting, maintaining, and enforcing our rights in our domain names may require litigation,
which could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, all of which could, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

We
are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility, responsible gaming, reputation, and ethical conduct. 

Many
factors influence our reputation and the value of our brands, including the perception held by our users, customers, business partners,
investors, regulatory authorities, other key stakeholders, and the communities in which we operate, such as our social responsibility,
corporate governance, and responsible gaming practices. We have faced, and will likely continue to face, increased scrutiny related to
social, governance and responsible gaming activities, and our reputation and the value of our brands can be materially adversely harmed
if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, workplace conduct, responsible gaming, human rights,
philanthropy, and support for local communities. Any harm to our reputation could impact employee engagement and retention, and the willingness
of users, customers and partners to do business with us, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

Illegal,
unethical or fraudulent activities perpetrated by any of our members of management or Board, users, customers, or partners for personal
gain could expose us to potential reputational damage and financial loss, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition,
and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

General
Operational Risks 

We
have incurred net losses in the past with negative cash flows and recently suspended our operations and may not be able to generate and
sustain profitability. 

We
have a history of incurring net losses and have suspended significantly all of our operations since July 2022. We may not be able to
achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We experienced net losses of approximately 61.3 million for the year ended December
31, 2022, and experienced net losses of approximately 53.0 million and 5.80 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 209.1 million. While we have received
some limited revenue since the Operational Cessation, we cannot predict when or whether we will be able to restart our operations and/or
whether or not we will be able to reach profitability at any time in the future. 

18 

We
also expect our operating expenses to increase in the future as we continue to invest for our future growth, which will negatively affect
our results of operations if our total revenue does not increase. We cannot ensure that these investments will result in substantial
increases in our total revenue or improvements in our results of operations. In addition to the anticipated costs to grow our business,
we also expect to incur significant additional legal, accounting, and other expenses as a public company. Once we restart our operations,
any failure to increase our revenue or to manage our costs could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash
flow. 

The
Online Lottery market is still in relatively early stages of growth, and if such market does not continue to grow, grows slower than
we expect, or fails to grow as we forecast, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The
Online Lottery market has grown rapidly since we launched our Platform in 2016, but it is still relatively new, and it is uncertain to
what extent market acceptance will continue to grow, if at all. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of
users to purchase Online Lottery games, i.e. , through mobile applications and web properties. If the public does not perceive
these services as beneficial, or chooses not to use them as a result of concerns regarding security, safety, affordability, or for other
reasons, whether as a result of incidents on our Platform or on our competitors applications or otherwise, or instead adopts alternative
solutions that may arise, then the market for our Platform may not further develop, may develop slower than we expect, or may not achieve
the growth potential we expect, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and
could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

Our
business may be materially adversely affected if our products, technology, services, and solutions do not achieve and maintain broad
market acceptance, if we are unable to keep pace with or adapt to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing
regulatory requirements, or if we do not invest in product and systems development and provide services that are attractive to our users
and customers. 

Our
future business and financial success will depend on our ability to anticipate the needs of potential users and customers, to achieve
and maintain broad market acceptance for our existing and future products, services, and systems, to successfully introduce new and upgraded
products, services, and systems, and to successfully implement our current and future geographic expansion plans. To be successful, we
must be able to quickly adapt to changes in technology, industry standards, and regulatory requirements by continually enhancing our
technology, services, and solutions. Developing new services and upgrades to services, as well as integrating and coordinating current
services, imposes burdens on our internal teams, including management, compliance, and product development. These processes are costly,
and our efforts to develop, integrate, and enhance our products, services, and systems may not be successful. In addition, successfully
launching a new or upgraded product or expanding into a new jurisdiction will put additional strains on our financial, technology and
marketing resources. Expanding into new markets and investing resources towards increasing the depth of our coverage within existing
markets impose additional burdens on our research, systems development, sales, marketing, and general managerial resources. If we are
unable to manage our expansion efforts effectively, obtain greater market share or obtain widespread adoption of new or upgraded products,
services, and systems, we may not be able to offset the expenses associated with the launch and marketing of the new or upgraded products,
services, and systems, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. If we introduce new or expand existing offerings
for our business, we may incur losses or otherwise fail to enter these markets successfully. Our expansion into these markets will place
us in competitive and regulatory environments with which we are unfamiliar and involve various risks, including the need to invest significant
resources and the possibility that returns on such investments will not be achieved for several years, if at all. 

If
we are unable to develop new or upgraded offerings or decide to combine, shift focus from, or phase out a service, then our users or
customers may choose a competitive offering over ours, our revenues may decline, and our profitability may be reduced. If we incur significant
costs in developing new or upgraded systems, products or services, or combining and maintaining existing systems, if we are not successful
in marketing and selling these new products or upgrades, or if our users or customers fail to accept these new or combined products,
then there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations due to a decrease of our revenues. If we eliminate or phase
out a product and are not able to offer and successfully market and sell an alternative product, our revenue may decrease, which could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

19 

Our
future success will largely depend on our ability to make continuous improvements to provide products, services, and systems that are
attractive to our users and customers. As a result, we will need to continually invest resources in product development and successfully
incorporate and develop new technology. If we are unable to do so or otherwise provide products, services, and systems that users and
customers want, then our users or customers may become dissatisfied and use competitors services. If we are unable to continue
offering innovative products, services, and systems, we may be unable to attract additional users or customers or retain our existing
users or customers, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition and could cause the value of our securities
to decline or become worthless. 

Our
results of operations may fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors and, therefore, our periodic operating results will not be guarantees
of future performance. 

Although
lottery games are offered on a year-round basis, there is seasonality in lottery games purchasing that may impact our operations and
operations of our customers. The broad geographical mix of our user and customer base also impacts the effect of seasonality, as users
and customers in different territories typically place differing importance on different lottery games and those games often have different
calendars. For example, some multi-state games can have occasional increasingly high jackpot opportunities, which increase user attention
and ticket purchases, which further increases the jackpot. Such events may cause increases in our revenues. By contrast, low jackpot
lottery games or periods in which there is little promotional activity connected to lottery games in general may negatively impact the
purchase of lottery games. Such fluctuations and uncertainties may negatively impact our cash flows. 

We
may not be able to capitalize on trends and changes in the gaming and lottery industries, including due to the operational costs involved,
the laws and regulations governing these industries, and other factors. 

We
participate in new and evolving aspects of the mobile gaming and lottery industries. Part of our strategy, when we have sufficient funding,
is to take advantage of the liberalization of regulations covering these industries on a global basis. These industries involve significant
risks and uncertainties, including legal, business, and financial risks. The fast-changing environment in these industries can make it
difficult to plan strategically and can provide opportunities for competitors to grow their businesses at our expense. Consequently,
our future results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition are difficult to predict and may not grow at the rates we expect. 

To
the extent that we enter into any business that is determined to be internet gaming, any jurisdiction in which our existing business
is deemed to be internet gaming, or our customers offer internet gaming, it is important to recognize that the laws relating to internet
gaming are evolving. To varying degrees, governments have taken steps to change the regulation of internet wagering through the implementation
of new or revised licensing and taxation regimes, including the possible imposition of sanctions on unlicensed providers. We cannot predict
the timing, scope or terms of the implementation or revision of any such state, federal or foreign laws or regulations, or the extent
to which any such laws and regulations may facilitate or hinder our strategy or be applicable to or impactful on our business, operations
and financial condition. 

In
jurisdictions that authorize internet gaming, we may not be successful in offering our technology, content and services to internet gaming
operators, because we expect to face intense competition from our traditional competitors in the gaming and lottery industries, as well
as a number of other domestic and foreign competitors (and, in some cases, the operators themselves), many of which have substantially
greater financial resources or experience in this area than we do. 

Know-your-customer
and geo-location programs and technologies supplied by third parties are an important aspect of certain internet and mobile gaming products,
services, and systems, because they can confirm certain information with respect to players and prospective players, such as age, identity,
and location. Payment processing programs and technologies, typically provided by third parties, are also a necessary feature of interactive
and mobile wagering products, services, and systems. These programs and technologies are costly, and our use of them may have an adverse
impact on our results of operations, cash flows, and our financial condition. Additionally, our products or services containing these
programs and technologies may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and may not perform accurately or otherwise
in accordance with required specifications, all of which may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

20 

Branding
and Reputational Risks 

Our
business depends on a strong brand, and if we are not able to develop, maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, including as a
result of negative publicity, our business and operating results may be harmed. 

We
believe that developing, maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our products,
services, and systems, attracting and retaining users and customers, persuading users and customers to adopt additional products, services,
and systems, and hiring and retaining our employees. 

We
believe that the importance of our brand will increase as competition in the markets in which we participate further intensifies. Successful
promotion of our brand will depend on a number of factors, including the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, our ability to provide
high-quality, reliable, and cost-effective products, services, and systems, the perceived value of our products, services, and systems,
and our ability to provide quality user and customer success and support experience. Brand promotion activities require us to make substantial
expenditures. The promotion of our brand, however, may not generate user and customer awareness or increase revenue to the extent we
anticipate, or at all, and any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building and maintaining our brand. 

Additionally,
the reputational impact of our Board and management changes, the Operational Cessation and the events contributing thereto has not been
quantified. It may require significant investment to restore the value in our brand, and the value of our brand may never return to prior
levels and/or may be permanently reduced as a result of recent events. 

We,
our employees, our affiliates, and others with whom we have contractual relationships also use social media to communicate externally.
There is a risk that this use of social media to communicate about our business may give rise to liability or result in public exposure
of personal information of our employees, our users, or others, each of which could affect our revenue, business, results of operations,
and financial condition. 

We
operate in a public-facing industry where negative publicity, whether or not justified, can spread rapidly through, among other things,
social media. To the extent that we are unable to respond timely and appropriately to negative publicity, our reputation and brand could
be harmed. Moreover, even if we are able to respond in a timely and appropriate manner, we cannot be certain that it will be timely or
sufficient to not cause us to suffer reputational and brand damage, which could affect our revenue, business, results of operations,
and financial condition. 

Our
marketing efforts to help grow our business may not be effective. 

Promoting
awareness of our Platform is important to our ability to grow our business and to attract new users and customers in the future, which
can be costly. We believe that much of the growth in the number of users of our B2C Platform prior to the Operational Cessation was attributable
to our paid marketing initiatives. Our future marketing efforts may include a combination of bonus offerings, affiliate marketing programs,
social media engagement, radio, video, podcasts, search engine optimization, and keyword search campaigns. Our marketing initiatives
may become increasingly expensive and generating a meaningful return on these initiatives may become difficult. Even if we successfully
increase revenue as a result of these marketing efforts, it may not offset the additional marketing expenses we incur. If our marketing
efforts intended to help grow our business are not effective, we expect that our business, financial condition, and results of operations
would be adversely affected. 

If
we fail to detect fraud or misappropriation of proprietary information, including by our users, customers, and employees, our reputation
and brand may suffer, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations and can subject us to
investigations and litigation. 

We
have in the past, and may in the future, incur losses from various types of fraud, which may include the use of stolen or fraudulent
payment card data, claims of unauthorized payments by a user and attempted payments by users with insufficient funds, referral fraud
by affiliates, fraud with respect to background checks, fraud by employees, including our couriers, and account takeovers of user accounts
by bad actors, or phishing. Bad actors use increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities involving personal information,
such as unauthorized use of another person s identity, account information, or payment information and unauthorized acquisition
or use of payment card details, bank account information, and mobile phone numbers and accounts. 

21 

Acts
of fraud may involve various tactics, including collusion. Successful exploitation of our technology could have negative effects on our
product offerings, services, and user experience and could harm our reputation. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely
manner could result in harm to our operations. In addition, negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on
our brand and reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations
and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. In the event of the occurrence of any such issues with our
existing technology or product offerings, substantial engineering and marketing and other resources, and management attention, may be
diverted from other projects and requirements to correct these issues, which may delay other projects and the achievement of our strategic
objectives. 

In
addition, any misappropriation of, or access to, users or other proprietary information or other breach of our information security
could result in legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, or liability for failure to comply
with privacy and information security laws, including for failure to protect personal information or for misusing personal information,
which could disrupt our operations, force us to modify our business practices, require us to comply with costly remediation requirements,
damage our brand and reputation, and expose us to claims from our users, regulators, employees, and other parties, any of which could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
may be liable for these acts of fraud. For example, under current payment card industry practices, we may be liable for use of funds
on our products with fraudulent payment card data, even if the associated financial institution approved the transaction. Despite measures
we have taken to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent or other malicious activity on our offerings, we cannot guarantee that
any of our measures will be effective or will scale efficiently with our business. Our failure to adequately detect or prevent fraudulent
transactions could harm our reputation or brand, result in litigation or regulatory action that may include fines and penalties, and
lead to expenses, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the
value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

Our
growth prospects may suffer if we are unable to develop successful offerings or if we fail to pursue additional offerings. In addition,
if we fail to make the right investment decisions in our offerings and technology, we may not attract and retain key users and customers
and our revenue, business, financial condition, and results of operations may decline. 

The
industry in which we operate is subject to rapid and frequent changes in standards, technologies, products, and service offerings, as
well as in consumer demands and expectations and regulations. We must continuously make decisions regarding which offerings and technology
we should invest in to meet user and consumer demand in compliance with evolving industry standards and regulatory requirements, and
to grow we must continually introduce and successfully market new and innovative technologies, offerings, and enhancements to remain
competitive and effectively stimulate user and customer demand, acceptance, and engagement. Our ability to engage, retain, and increase
our user and customer base and to increase our revenue will depend heavily on our ability to successfully create new offerings, both
independently and together with third parties. We may introduce significant changes to our existing technology and offerings or develop
and introduce new and unproven products, services, and systems, any of which we may have little or no prior development or operating
experience. The process of developing new offerings and systems is inherently complex and uncertain, and new offerings may not be well
received by users, even if well-reviewed and of high quality. If we are unable to develop technology and products, services, and systems
that address users needs or enhance and improve our existing technology and offerings in a timely manner, it could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline
or become worthless. 

22 

Although
we intend to continue investing in our research and development efforts to the extent we have sufficient funds to do so, if our new or
enhanced offerings fail to engage our users or customers, we may fail to attract or retain users or customers or to generate sufficient
revenue, operating margin, or other value to justify our investments, any of which may seriously harm our business. In addition, management
may not properly ascertain or assess the risks of new initiatives, and subsequent events may alter the risks that were evaluated at the
time we decided to execute any new initiative. Creating additional offerings can also divert our management s attention from other
business issues and opportunities. Even if our new offerings attain market acceptance, those new offerings could exploit the market share
of our other product offerings or share of our users wallets in a manner that could negatively impact such offerings. Furthermore,
such offering expansion will increase the complexity of our business and place an additional burden on our management, operations, technical
systems, and financial resources, and we may not recover the often-substantial up-front costs of developing and marketing new offerings
or recover the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from other offerings. In the event of continued
growth of our operations, products, or in the number of third-party relationships, we may not have adequate resources, financially, operationally,
technologically, or otherwise, to support such growth and the quality of our technology, offerings, or our relationships with third parties
could suffer. In addition, failure to effectively identify, pursue, and execute new business initiatives, or to efficiently adapt our
processes and infrastructure to meet the needs of our innovations, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. Any new offerings may also require our users
to utilize new skills to use our offerings. This could create a lag in adoption of new offerings and new user additions related to any
new offerings. To the extent that future users, including those in older demographics, are less willing to invest the time to learn to
use our products, and if we are unable to make our products, services, and systems easier to learn to use, our user growth or engagement
could be affected, and our business could be harmed. We may develop new products, services and systems that increase user engagement
and costs without increasing revenue. 

Additionally,
we may make bad or unprofitable decisions regarding these investments. If competitors offer more attractive offerings, we may lose users
or users may decrease their spending on our offerings. Changing player demands, superior competitive offerings, evolving industry standards,
or changes in the regulatory environment could render our existing offerings unattractive, unmarketable, or obsolete and require us to
make substantial unanticipated changes to our technology or business model. Our failure to adapt to a rapidly changing market or evolving
user and customer demands could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities
to decline or become worthless. 

Any
failure to offer high-quality user support may harm our relationships with users and could adversely affect our reputation, brand, business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
ability to attract and retain qualified support personnel is dependent in part on the ease and reliability of our offerings, including
our ability to provide high-quality support. Users on our Platform have and will continue to depend on our support organization to resolve
any issues relating to our offerings, such as technical questions around how to use our app and web-based properties or information regarding
our Data Services. Our ability to provide effective and timely support when operations resume will be largely dependent on our ability
to attract and retain service providers who are qualified to support users and sufficiently knowledgeable regarding our offerings. As
we restart our business and reintroduce and improve our offerings, we will face challenges related to providing quality support services
at scale. As users in new domestic and international jurisdictions acquire our services, our support organization will face additional
challenges, including those associated with delivering support in languages other than English. The complex employment market and low
unemployment rates may impact the availability of service providers and as a result, our ability to provide effective and timely support
and an increase in response time. Any failure to provide efficient user support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality
support, could adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value
of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

Information
Technology Risks 

We
rely on information technology and other systems and services, and any failures, errors, defects, or disruptions in our systems or the
availability of our services could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business, affect our ability
to scale our technical infrastructure, and adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. Our software applications and
systems, and the third-party platforms upon which they are made available, could contain undetected errors. 

Our
technology infrastructure is critical to the performance of our offerings and to user and customer satisfaction. We have devoted and
expect to continue to devote significant resources to network and data security to protect our systems and data and aim to make our operations
and our solutions more streamlined, automated, and cost-effective. Despite our expenditures, our systems may not be adequately designed
with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. The measures
we take may not be sufficient to prevent or hinder cyber-attacks and protect our systems, data, and user and customer information and
to prevent outages, data, or information loss, fraud, and to prevent or detect security breaches, including a disaster recovery strategy
for server and equipment failure and back-office systems and the use of third parties for certain cybersecurity services. We have experienced,
and we may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including
infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. Such disruptions have not had a material impact on us; however,
future disruptions from unauthorized access to, fraudulent manipulation of, or tampering with our computer systems and technological
infrastructure, or those of third parties, could result in a wide range of negative outcomes, each of which could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

23 

Additionally,
our application and web-based products may contain errors, bugs, flaws, or corrupted data, and these defects may only become apparent
after their launch. If a particular product offering is unavailable when users or customers attempt to access it or navigation through
our offerings is slower than they expect, users may be unable to timely acquire their lottery games and may be less likely to use our
Platform again, if at all. Furthermore, programming errors, defects, and data corruption could disrupt our operations, adversely affect
the experience of our users or customers, harm our reputation, cause our users to stop utilizing our offerings, divert our resources,
and delay market acceptance of our offerings, any of which could result in liability to us or harm our business, financial condition,
and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

If
our user and customer base and engagement grows, and the amount and types of offerings we provide grow and evolve, we will need an increasing
amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to satisfy our users and customers 
needs. Such infrastructure expansion may be complex, and unanticipated delays in completing these projects or availability of components
may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies, or interruptions in the delivery or degradation of the quality of our
offerings. In addition, there may be issues related to this infrastructure that are not identified during the testing phases of design
and implementation, which may only become evident after we have started to fully use the underlying equipment or software, that could
further degrade the user or customer experience or increase our costs. As such, we could fail to effectively scale and grow our technical
infrastructure to accommodate increased demands. In addition, our business may be subject to interruptions, delays or failures resulting
from adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, cyber-attacks, public health emergencies, or other catastrophic
events. 

We
believe that if our users or customers have a negative experience with our offerings, or if our brand or reputation is negatively affected,
users and customers may be less inclined to utilize our products and services or to recommend our offerings to other potential users
and customers. As such, a failure or significant interruption in our service could harm our reputation, business, financial condition,
and operating results. 

Despite
our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers, breached due to employee
error, malfeasance, or other cybersecurity risks or disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored
there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in
legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties, fines,
and the payment of damages, restrictions on our ability to use data, disruption of our operations and the services we provide to users,
damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our products, services, and systems, which could adversely affect our business. 

The
secure maintenance and transmission of personally identifiable information of our users is a critical element of our operations. Our
information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit user information, or those of our customers, service providers, business
partners, or employees may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network security, or that of a third-party service
provider or business partner or impacted by intentional or unintentional actions or inactions by our employees, or those of a third-party
service provider or business partner. As a result, our users information may be lost, disclosed, accessed, or taken without our
users consent. We have experienced attempts to breach our systems and other similar incidents in the past and anticipate that
it may occur in the future. For example, we expect that we will be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to or through our
information systems, whether by our employees or third parties, including cyber-attacks by computer programmers and hackers who may develop
and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs. To date, attempts to breach our systems have not had a material impact
on our business, operations, or financial results, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not have a material impact in the future. 

24 

We
rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties in an effort to securely transmit confidential and sensitive
information, including payment card information. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries, or other developments
may result in the whole or partial failure of this technology to protect transaction data or other confidential and sensitive information
from being breached or compromised. In addition, apps and websites are often attacked through compromised credentials, including those
obtained through phishing and credential stuffing. Our security measures, and those of our third-party service providers, may not detect
or prevent all attempts to breach our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social
engineering, security breaches, or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or
transmitted by our apps, websites, networks, and systems or that we or such third parties otherwise maintain, including payment card
systems, which may subject us to fines or higher transaction fees or limit or terminate our access to certain payment methods. We and
such third parties may not anticipate or prevent all types of attacks until after they have already been launched. Further, techniques
used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party
service providers. 

In
addition, distributed ledger technology is an emerging technology that offers new capabilities that are not fully proven in use. As with
other novel software products, the computer code underpinning the distributed ledger technology used in our Platform may contain errors,
or function in unexpected ways and may cause the software to break or function incorrectly. 

Furthermore,
security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees
or by third parties. These risks may increase over time as the complexity and number of technical systems and applications we use also
increases. Breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or cybersecurity incidents could result in
unauthorized access to our sites, networks, and systems; unauthorized access to and misappropriation of user information, including users 
personally identifiable information, or other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves or third parties; viruses, worms,
spyware, or other malware being served from our sites, networks, or systems; deletion or modification of content or the display of unauthorized
content on our sites; interruption, disruption, or malfunction of operations; costs relating to breach remediation, deployment of additional
personnel and protection technologies, response to governmental investigations, and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party
experts and consultants; or litigation, regulatory action, and other potential liabilities. In the past, we have experienced social engineering,
phishing, malware, and similar attacks and threats of denial-of-service attacks, none of which to date has been material to our business;
however, such attacks could in the future have a material adverse effect on our operations, business, and financial condition. If any
of these breaches of security should occur and be material, our reputation and brand could be damaged, our business may suffer, we could
be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such breaches, and we could be exposed
to a risk of loss, litigation, or regulatory action and possible liability. We cannot guarantee that recovery protocols and backup systems
will be sufficient to prevent data loss. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy
additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. 

In
addition, any party who is able to illicitly obtain access to a user s account could access the user s transaction data or
personal information, resulting in the perception that our systems are insecure. Any compromise or breach of our security measures, or
those of our third-party service providers, could violate applicable privacy, data protection, data security, network, and information
systems security and other laws and cause significant legal and financial exposure, adverse publicity, negative impact to our brand and
reputation, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. We plan to continue
to devote significant resources to protect against security breaches or we may need to in the future to address problems caused by breaches,
including notifying affected users in accordance with regulatory requirements and responding to any resulting litigation, which in turn,
diverts resources from the growth and expansion of our business. 

Because
we maintain certain information about our users, we are subject to various privacy laws both in the U.S. and internationally. Our failure
to comply with such laws could expose us to penalties, fines, and litigation, and it could adversely impact our reputation and brand,
any of which could adversely affect our business. 

We
are subject to various privacy laws in the U.S. and internationally and we expect that new industry standards, laws and regulations will
continue to be proposed regarding privacy, data protection and information security in many jurisdictions, including the California Consumer
Privacy Act of 2018, which went effective January 1, 2020 and the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act CCPA ), which
went effective on January 1, 2023, which impose obligations for the handling, disclosure and deletion of personal information for California
residents. Virginia and other states have enacted, or are considering enacting, data privacy laws similar to the CCPA. Certain of these
laws, including the CCPA also requires companies to give residents the ability to opt out of the sale of their personal information and
creates potential liability for companies that fail to take adequate steps to protect personal information where that failure results
in a data breach. 

25 

In
the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR significantly expanded the rules on using personal
data and increased the risks of processing personal data. Some of the new requirements include: 

accountability and transparency
 requirements, which require those who control data to demonstrate and record compliance and provide certain detailed information
 to users regarding the ways in which data is used and processed; 

enhanced data consent requirements,
 which includes explicit consent with regard to information the regulation classifies as sensitive data; 

obligations to consider
 data privacy as new products, services and systems are developed, including ways to limit accessibility of data as well as the amount
 of information collected, processed, and stored; 

constraints on using data
 to profile users; 

obligations to provide
 users with personal data in a usable format on request and to erase personal data in certain circumstances; and 

reporting to data protection
 authorities of potential breaches without undue delay (72 hours, where feasible). 

Other
international jurisdictions in which the Company operates, or its services are available, have implemented, or are considering implementing,
data privacy laws similar to the GDPR. Our policies and procedures for compliance with data privacy laws, may not be implemented correctly
or our management, employees or agents may not comply with the new procedures. Failure to comply with data privacy laws may have serious
financial consequences. We could face significant sanctions, statutory damages, and damage to our reputation resulting in a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, business, or financial condition. 

Our
business could be adversely impacted by changes in the Internet and mobile device accessibility of users. 

Our
business depends on users access to our offerings via a mobile device or personal computer and the Internet. We may operate in
jurisdictions that provide limited data or Internet connectivity, particularly as we expand internationally. Internet access and access
to a mobile device or personal computer are frequently provided by companies with significant market power that could take actions that
degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of consumers ability to access our offerings. In addition, the Internet infrastructure
that we and our users rely on in any particular geographic area may be unable to support the demands placed upon it and could interfere
with the speed and availability of our offerings. Any such failure in Internet or mobile device or computer accessibility, even for a
short period of time, could adversely affect our results of business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause
the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

We
operate in a rapidly evolving industry and if we fail to successfully develop, market, or sell new products or adopt new technology platforms,
it could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Our
Platform and other software products are in a market characterized by rapid technological advances, evolving standards in software and
hardware technology, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements that may render existing products, services, and systems
obsolete. Competitors are continuously upgrading their product offerings with new features, functions, and content. In addition, we may
be required to refine our software and technology platform to address regulatory changes in the markets in which we operate or plan to
operate. In order to become competitive, we may need to periodically modify and enhance our technology platform and service offerings. 

26 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to respond to rapid technological or regulatory changes in our industry. In addition, the introduction
of new products or updated versions of existing products and the underlying technology that supports such products has inherent risks,
including, but not limited to, risks concerning: 

product quality, including
 the possibility of software or hardware defects, which could result in claims against us or the inability to sell our products; 

the accuracy of our estimates
 of user or customer demand, and the fit of the new products and features with users or customers needs; 

the need to educate our
 sales, marketing and services personnel to work with the new products and features, which may strain our resources and lengthen sales
 cycles; 

market acceptance of initial
 product releases; and 

competitor product introductions
 or regulatory changes that render our new products obsolete. 

Developing,
enhancing and localizing software is expensive, and the investment in product development may involve a long payback cycle. However,
we believe that we must dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts to maintain our competitive position. However,
funding for such development efforts may not be available on favorable terms if at all, and we may not receive significant revenue from
these investments for several years, if at all. In addition, as we or our competitors introduce new or enhanced offerings, the demand
for our offerings, may decline. 

We
may not timely and effectively scale and adapt our technology and network infrastructure to ensure that our Platform is accessible, which
would adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Once
it becomes operational, we expect to make significant investments to improve the availability of our Platform and to enable rapid releases
of new features and services, funding permitting. However, it may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the availability
of our Platform, especially during peak usage times and as our Platform becomes more complex and if our user and customer traffic increases.
If our Platform is unavailable when users and customers attempt to access it or it does not respond as quickly as they expect or it experiences
capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users or customers accessing our Platform simultaneously, users or customers may
seek other offerings, and may not return to our Platform as often in the future, or at all. This would adversely affect our ability to
attract users and customers and decrease the frequency with which they use our Platform. To the extent that we do not effectively address
capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed, or develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated
changes in technology, our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Our
Platform may be vulnerable to risks, both foreseen and unforeseen, arising from the new and untested nature of distributed ledger technology. 

Prior
to the Operational Cessation, our Platform utilized distributed ledger technology by preserving a cryptographic ledger of the user identification,
draw identification, ticket identification, and game numbers into an immutable ledger. The distributed ledger was append-only and kept
a complete record of all changes to the provided data that could not be deleted, modified, or overwritten. Distributed ledger technology
is a relatively new, untested and evolving technology. Accordingly, the further development and future viability of this technology is
generally uncertain, and practical and ideological challenges, both known and unknown, may prevent its further development or integration
into the Platform. 

Regulatory
and Compliance Risks 

A
jurisdiction may enact, amend, or reinterpret laws and regulations governing our operations in ways that impair our revenues, cause us
to incur additional legal and compliance costs and other operating expenses, or are otherwise not favorable to our existing operations
or planned growth, all of which may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. 

State
and federal laws in the U.S. govern and, in some cases, limit our business practices. For example, the Interstate Wagering Amendment
to 18 U.S.C. 1301 (the Interstate Wagering Amendment limits our ability to purchase lottery games for a user located
in one state from a lottery authority located in another state, except under certain limited circumstances, such as where the lottery
authorities in the respective states allow the sales. Therefore, for our users located within the U.S., we only purchase lottery games
for users geolocated to be physically situated within the U.S. state or jurisdiction where the lottery game they are purchasing is being
conducted, unless an exception were to be authorized by the applicable lottery authorities. 

27 

In
addition, our business is subject to extensive regulation by multiple domestic and foreign governmental authorities and the laws and
regulations governing companies conducting sweepstakes and lottery related operations on the Internet and over mobile networks and purchasing
of lottery tickets on behalf of others. Such laws and regulations within U.S. and international jurisdictions are subject to change and
the effect of such changes on our ongoing and potential operations cannot be predicted with certainty. Governmental authorities continually
evaluate a wide range of issues that impact the mobile and online lottery and gaming industries. As a result, a jurisdiction may enact,
amend, or reinterpret laws and regulations governing our operations in ways that impair our revenues, cause us to incur additional legal
and compliance costs and other operating expenses, or are otherwise not favorable to our existing operations or planned growth, all of
which may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. 

There
have been several proposed state and federal bills to prohibit or restrict interactive or online lottery sales, some of which have been
successful. For example, in 2015, the Minnesota legislature passed an amendment to the state s lottery law prohibiting the sale
of scratch lottery tickets over the Internet. In another case, the California legislature failed to pass assembly bill 1479 which would
have regulated lottery courier operations, leaving the status of couriers in a legal grey area. In certain jurisdictions, the sale of
lottery tickets through couriers is expressly unlawful. For example, it is a Class 1 misdemeanor to operate a lottery ticket courier
service within the Commonwealth of Virginia. Laws restricting the sale of lottery tickets via the Internet, through mobile networks or
by courier, or that otherwise materially impact our operations, including those relating to sweepstakes, may be proposed or passed in
the future at either the federal or state level or by international governments. For example, in April 2023, the Texas State Senate passed
Senate Bill 1820 (the Texas Bill ), which would, among other things, prohibit online lottery gaming and the use of courier
services in Texas. As of the date of this Report, the Texas Bill is under review of the Texas State House of Representatives. If the
Texas Bill is enacted into law as drafted, the new rules would be implemented by January 1, 2024. Any proposal or passage of such laws
may reduce our revenues or require us to expend a significant amount of our funds and resources and incur additional legal and other
expenses, thereby creating a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. 

Changes
in the executive branches of government at the state and federal level as well as internationally, may affect policies on lotteries and
mobile gaming. For example, variations in the interpretation of The Federal Wire Act of 1961 (the Wire Act by the Office
of Legal Counsel (the OLC of the Department of Justice (the DOJ has had a material impact on the online
gaming and lottery industry within the U.S. For more information, see - If there is a final determination on the applicability
of the Wire Act to our operations and it is determined or codified that the Wire Act extends to transmission of lottery games in interstate
or foreign commerce, certain of our operations that are not currently restricted by statute or practice to a state s territorial
boundaries may be negatively impacted or eliminated, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions,
and results of operations. We have and may from time to time in the future retain government affairs specialists in domestic
and international jurisdictions to advise elected and appointed officials regarding our perspectives on legislation and regulations related
to lottery and other aspects of our business, to monitor such legislation and regulations, and to otherwise provide us with advice regarding
our relations with such officials. Such efforts, however, may not be successful in whole or in part and the change of such laws or policies
could have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. 

While
we believe that we are in compliance with all material domestic and international laws and regulatory requirements applicable to our
business, we cannot ensure that our activities or the activities of those third parties with whom we do business will not become the
subject of regulatory or law enforcement proceedings. Further, lottery regulatory associations, including the Multi-State Lottery Association
(the MUSL ), and certain lottery entities both domestically and internationally exercise significant authority regarding
the means and manner in which the lottery and its products are marketed and sold as well as the equipment, technology and services deployed
by retailers and resellers of such lottery products. While we believe we are in compliance with all such applicable requirements, our
activities or the activities of those third parties with whom we do business may become the subject of further inquiries, investigations
or enforcement proceedings by such authorities or entities. Any such proceeding by regulatory or law enforcement or associations or entities
may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. 

28 

If
there is a final determination on the applicability of the Wire Act to our operations and it is determined or codified that the Wire
Act extends to transmission of lottery games in interstate or foreign commerce, certain of our operations that are not currently restricted
by statute or practice to a state s territorial boundaries may be negatively impacted or eliminated, which may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, and results of operations. 

The
Wire Act provides that anyone engaged in the business of betting or wagering that knowingly uses a wire communication facility for the
transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of bets or wagers or information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers on any sporting
event or contest, or for the transmission of a wire communication that entitles the recipient to receive money or credit as a result
of bets or wagers, or for information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers, may be fined or imprisoned, or both. However, the Wire
Act provides that it shall not be construed to prevent the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of information for use in news
reporting of sporting events or contests, or for the transmission of information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers on a sporting
event or contest from a state or foreign country where betting on that sporting event or contest is legal into a state or foreign country
in which such betting is legal. 

Until
2011, there was uncertainty as to whether the Wire Act prohibited the conduct of intrastate lottery transactions via the Internet by
U.S. states if such transactions crossed state lines. Essentially, there was a debate with regard to whether all of the prohibitions
in the Wire Act applied only to bets or wagers on a sporting event or contest as used in the Wire Act, or all bets or wagers.
In late 2011, the OLC issued an opinion that concluded the conduct prohibited by the Wire Act was limited to sports gambling (the 2011
DOJ Opinion ). Following the issuance of the 2011 DOJ Opinion, six state lotteries offered internet sales of scratch lottery games
to in-state customers, and several other states allowed subscription sales of draw games via the Internet. Notably, in 2017, the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania authorized the Pennsylvania Lottery to distribute lottery products, including scratch ticket games, through numerous
channels that included web applications, mobile applications, and social media. 

In
January 2019, the OLC issued the 2019 Opinion, which concluded that the restrictions in the Wire Act on the transmission in interstate
or foreign commerce of bets and wagers was not limited to sports gambling but applied to all bets and wagers, including those involving
state lotteries. Multiple lawsuits were filed challenging the validity of the 2019 Opinion. 

On
June 3, 2019, the federal district court in New Hampshire determined that the Wire Act applies exclusively to sports gambling and set
aside the 2019 Opinion. The New Hampshire federal district court declined, however, to issue a nationwide injunction in the case. On
August 16, 2019, the DOJ appealed the New Hampshire federal district court s decision to the First Circuit. 

On
January 20, 2021, the First Circuit affirmed the District Court s decision, determining that the Wire Act applies only to interstate
wire communications related to sporting events or contests. Finding that the declaratory judgment was an adequate remedy at law, the
First Circuit declined to set aside the 2019 Opinion under the Administrative Procedure Act. In addition to the First Circuit s
decision, the Fifth Circuit has previously held the Wire Act prohibitions apply only to sports gambling. 

On
September 15, 2022, the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island entered an order siding with the First Circuit s
interpretation of the Wire Act, and holding that the Wire Act applies only to bets or wagers on any sporting event or contest. 

Notwithstanding
the above, currently, there is no definitive ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court on the issue, and the courts in other U.S. Circuits might
take a different position. Because many of the Company s operations occur outside the jurisdiction of the First Circuit and the
Fifth Circuit, and because the First Circuit did not set aside the 2019 Opinion, we are still monitoring the potential impact of the
2019 Opinion on our business. If courts outside the First Circuit, Fifth Circuit or the U.S. Supreme Court take a different position
on the applicability of the Wire Act to our operations, the Wire Act may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions,
and results of operations. In particular, should it ultimately be determined or codified that the Wire Act extends to transmission of
lottery games in interstate or foreign commerce, certain of our operations that are not currently restricted by statute or practice to
a state s territorial boundaries may be negatively impacted or eliminated. Further, in such event, the DOJ or other federal regulatory
authorities may determine that the manner in which we operate our technology is deemed to be interstate or foreign commerce and accordingly
a violation of such interpretation of the Wire Act. Either event could have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations,
cash flow, or financial condition, could force us to cease our operations (if any), seek bankruptcy protection, and could further subject
us to litigation, fines and penalties. 

29 

If
the Interstate Wagering Amendment is interpreted or applied to prohibit transmissions to foreign countries, it could have a negative
impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Various
federal laws prohibit the transportation of lottery tickets, advertisements, and paraphernalia in interstate or foreign commerce or through
the mail, except under certain circumstances. Generally, such laws do not apply to state or charitable lotteries conducted in accordance
with the laws of the state in which such lottery is operated. The Interstate Wagering Amendment, enacted in 1994, sought to close a loophole 
in the federal laws allowing the sale of lottery tickets across state lines via computer transaction with no paper crossing state
lines. 

The
Interstate Wagering Amendment specifically provides: Whoever . . . being engaged in the business of procuring for a person in
1 State such a ticket, chance, share or interest in a lottery, gift, [sic] enterprise or similar scheme conducted by another State (unless
that business is permitted under an agreement between the States in question or appropriate authorities of those States), knowingly transmits
in interstate or foreign commerce information to be used for the purpose of procuring such a ticket, chance, share, or interest 
shall have committed an offense under 18 U.S.C. 1301. 

Unless
covered by one of the exceptions, therefore, we are prohibited from transporting lottery tickets across state lines or transmitting information
to be used for the purpose of procuring a lottery ticket for a lottery conducted by a state to a person in another state. State 
is defined as a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or any territory or possession
of the United States. The definition of foreign government on the other hand, expressly excludes U.S. states and
territories. Based on the use of the words 1 State and another State and the omission of the term foreign
country , we believe the Interstate Wagering Amendment does not prohibit transmission of information for the purpose of procuring
tickets for persons in foreign countries. 

If
the Interstate Wagering Amendment is interpreted or applied to prohibit transmissions to foreign countries, however, it could have a
negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline
or become worthless. Additionally, reinterpretation of the Wire Act to prohibit transmissions of information to foreign countries for
the purpose of procuring such tickets could also negatively impact our business. For more information, see Regulatory and Compliance
Risks - If there is a final determination on the applicability of the Wire Act to our operations and it is determined or codified that
the Wire Act extends to transmission of lottery games in interstate or foreign commerce, certain of our operations that are not currently
restricted by statute or practice to a state s territorial boundaries may be negatively impacted or eliminated, which may have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, and results of operations. 

Our
business model and the conduct of our operations may have to vary in each U.S. jurisdiction where we do business to address the unique
features of applicable law to ensure we remain in compliance with that jurisdiction s laws. Our failure to adequately do so may
have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Lottery
laws vary among U.S. jurisdictions. This means that our business model and the conduct of our operations may have to vary in each jurisdiction
where we do business to ensure we remain in compliance with applicable laws. For example, some jurisdictions prohibit lottery ticket
courier services, while some jurisdictions in the U.S. prohibit charging certain fees to the user, and further still, some jurisdictions
require us to be licensed or registered, which will require us to incur certain costs in connection with the licensing or registration
process. In each U.S. jurisdiction, we may be required to structure our business model and conduct our operations differently to address
the unique features of applicable law. 

Many
of the U.S. jurisdictions in which we have historically done business or anticipate doing business in the future require that lottery
game tickets be sold only by licensed retailers and prohibit sale or resale of lottery tickets at prices in excess of the purchase price
designated by the applicable regulatory authority. Because lottery tickets are typically considered bearer instruments, we can purchase
tickets on behalf of our users and customers and charge certain service fees within the limits of the applicable laws in each U.S. jurisdiction.
In most cases, with Virginia being a notable exception, the laws do not specifically prohibit users from engaging our services to purchase
lottery tickets on their behalf. However, certain types of fees are prohibited in certain jurisdictions. For example, Pennsylvania prohibits
 any fee associated with the acquisition or transportation of lottery tickets or shares and Illinois law prohibits service
charges, handling fees or other costs added to the established price of a ticket. In those states and other states with similar prohibitions,
we will need to structure our business model to comply with the relevant laws while still endeavoring to operate profitably. 

30 

If
a U.S. jurisdiction prohibits our services, imposes onerous licensing or regulatory requirements, or imposes restrictions on the fees
we charge, either by enacting new statutes or regulations or by reinterpreting existing statutes and regulations, such restrictions and
requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition, force us to change
our operations in that state, or cease operations in that state altogether. 

In
some jurisdictions our key executives, certain employees, or other individuals related to our business may be subject to licensing or
compliance requirements. Failure by such individuals to obtain the necessary licenses or comply with individual regulatory obligations,
could cause our business to be non-compliant with such obligations, or imperil our ability to obtain or maintain licenses that may be
necessary for the conduct of our business. In some cases, the remedy to such a situation may require the removal of a key executive or
employee and the mandatory redemption or transfer of such person s equity securities. 

We
currently hold a license issued by the Texas Lottery Commission to conduct the retail sale of lottery tickets in the State of Texas.
We may determine or be required to secure additional licenses from other regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over lottery operations
in new markets in which we contemplate expansion. Such licensure may impose additional obligations on us and our operations, which may
include continuous disclosure to and an investigation by the applicable regulatory authority into the financial stability, integrity
and business experience of the Company, its affiliates, and their respective significant stockholders, directors, officers, and key employees.
In markets in which we have not previously operated or in newly regulated markets, licensing regimes may impose licensing requirements
or conditions with which we have not previously been required to comply, which may include locating technical infrastructure within the
relevant territory, establishing real-time data interfaces with the regulatory authority, implementing consumer protection, responsible
gaming and privacy measures, or additional approvals or certifications of our technology, all of which may present operational challenges
and material costs, and any of which may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. 

To
the extent that any stockholder, director, officer or key employee is required to submit to required background checks and provide disclosure
and fails to do so, or they or the Company fail to do so to the satisfaction of the relevant regulatory authority, such failure may jeopardize
the grant of a license, provide grounds for termination of an existing license, or result in the imposition of penalties. Generally,
any person or entity that fails or refuses to apply for a finding of suitability or a license within the prescribed period after being
advised by a competent authority that they are required to do so may be denied a license or found unsuitable, as applicable, which may
result in our being required to sever our relationship with such person or entity. Further, we may be subject to disciplinary action
or suffer revocation of licensure if, following notification that a person or entity is disqualified or unsuitable, we: (a) pay them
any dividend or interest upon our shares; (b) allow them to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through the
shares they hold; (c) pay them remuneration in any form for services rendered or otherwise; or (d) if required, fail to pursue all lawful
efforts to terminate their association with the Company or require them to relinquish their shares. 

In
some U.S. jurisdictions, certain stockholders may also be required to file applications or submit to background checks. While such requirements
typically apply only to stockholders in excess of certain thresholds (such as five or ten percent of the outstanding shares) or to stockholders
who also have an active role in the Company, we cannot ensure that such jurisdictions might not seek licensure of additional stockholders
in the future. 

While
we believe that we are in compliance with all material licensure requirements applicable to our operations, we cannot ensure that our
activities will remain in compliance or that we will continue to receive all licenses or license renewals for which we apply. The loss
of a license that we currently hold, or failure to receive a license, could have a material adverse effect on us or on our business,
financial condition, or results of operations. 

Gaming
and lottery authorities may revoke or suspend licenses, levy fines against us, or seize certain of our assets if we violate gaming regulations.
We cannot ensure that we will be able to obtain or maintain the necessary licenses or approvals or that the licensing process will not
result in delays or adversely affect our operations. Disciplinary action against a license holder in one jurisdiction could lead regulators
in other jurisdictions to pursue similar action. 

31 

We
cannot ensure that regulatory or governmental authorities will not seek to restrict our business in their jurisdictions or institute
enforcement proceedings against us. We cannot ensure that any instituted enforcement proceedings will be favorably resolved, or that
such proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain and renew existing licenses or to obtain new licenses. 

We
plan to continually develop internal compliance programs and requirements in an effort to ensure that we comply with legal requirements
imposed in connection with our activities and generally applicable to all publicly traded companies, however, we cannot ensure that they
will prevent the violation of one or more laws, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

We
plan to continually develop internal compliance programs in ongoing efforts to ensure our compliance with legal requirements imposed
in connection with our business activities and with legal requirements generally applicable to all publicly traded companies. While we
are firmly committed to full compliance with all applicable laws, and plan to continue to establish appropriate procedures and policies,
we cannot ensure that our compliance program will prevent the violation of one or more laws or regulations, or that a violation by us,
an employee, a customer or an affiliate will not result in the imposition of a monetary fine or suspension or revocation of one or more
of our governmental licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals, which could have a material adverse effect
on us or on our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. 

While
we are confident that we will face additional regulatory requirements as we expand, we cannot predict the effect of future regulatory
requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which such requirements might be enforced. The compliance policies
and procedures we implement may not always be followed at all times by directors, management, employees, agents, partners and other related
parties, whether through neglect or intention. Our policies and procedures have not and may not effectively detect and prevent violations
of applicable laws by one or more of our directors, management, employees, agents, partners, customers, affiliates, or other related
or third parties. As a result, we and/or our directors, management, employees, agents, partners, customers, affiliates, or other related
or third parties could be subject to investigations, criminal and civil penalties, sanctions and/or other enforcement measures that in
turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. 

We
take our corporate responsibility to our users, customers, and the requirements of the regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in
which we operate very seriously and are focused on maintaining a safe and responsible gaming environment. Our failure to remain in compliance
with underage and responsible gaming requirements or any amendments or additions to such requirements could have a material adverse effect
on us, our reputation and brand, or on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

We
are committed to compliance with the underage and responsible gaming requirements set forth in the domestic and international statutes
and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business and, as applicable, that govern our operations. We take our corporate responsibility
to our users, customers and the regulators in the jurisdictions in which we operate very seriously and are focused on maintaining a safe
and responsible gaming environment. We will continue to evaluate and develop our technology to meet the statutory requirements regarding
responsible gaming and self-exclusion as well as our own self-imposed objectives regarding corporate social responsibility, as demonstrated
by our ongoing compliance objectives and policies. 

All
of the U.S. jurisdictions and most of the international jurisdictions in which we operate prohibit sales of lottery tickets to persons
under 18 years of age. We have instituted know-your-customer requirements to aid our efforts in identifying minors and preventing them
from using our services. In many cases, these requirements apply to our lottery retailer partners and may not apply to us. Nevertheless,
if we fail to abide by these requirements, our partners may be reluctant to do business with us or the applicable regulatory authorities
may amend the requirements to apply specifically to us, to the extent that they do not already do so. 

Many
jurisdictions, especially international jurisdictions, are imposing more stringent rules with regard to underage and responsible gaming.
This trend could continue to spread and both U.S. and international jurisdictions may strengthen underage and responsible gaming requirements.
In the event that any jurisdiction in which we operate mandates additional requirements regarding corporate social responsibility, responsible
gaming, self-exclusion, or similar mandates, we may be required to undertake additional technological initiatives to remain in compliance.
Implementation of any such initiatives may present operational challenges and material costs and divert the attention of management and
systems developers and engineers, any of which may have a material adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial
condition. The failure to remain in compliance with underage and responsible gaming requirements or any amendments or additions to such
requirements could have a material adverse effect on us or on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

32 

We
are subject to governmental laws and requirements of the U.S. and various international jurisdictions in which we operate regarding anti-bribery,
anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, anti-money laundering, and counter-terror financing. Alleged or actual violation of any
of these laws or requirements could negatively impact our brand and reputation, our ability to obtain or maintain any governmental licenses,
findings of suitability, registrations, permits, and approvals, any of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

As
a digital company operating within the U.S. and are subject to the jurisdiction of various governments and regulatory agencies, we are
accordingly subject to domestic and international laws regarding anti-bribery, anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, anti-money
laundering, and counter-terror financing. 

Our
operations and our growth plans, including in connection with our intent to expand into new markets and undertake strategic acquisitions
when we have sufficient funding to do so, may bring our officers, directors, employees, and representatives into contact with foreign
officials responsible for issuing or renewing governmental licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals,
or for otherwise enforcing governmental regulations and requirements. In our contact with such foreign officials, we are required to
comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over our operations, which
include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the U.K. Bribery Act ),
as well as corresponding laws and regulations of the other countries where we do business. The FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other
applicable laws prohibit us and our officers, directors, employees, and business partners acting on our behalf, from corruptly offering,
promising, authorizing, or providing anything of value to foreign officials for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining
or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. The U.K. Bribery Act also prohibits non-governmental commercial 
bribery and accepting bribes. Our operations, trade practices, investment decisions, and partnering activities may be restricted as a
result. 

In
addition, some of the international locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption.
Our international operations expose us to the risk of violating, or being accused of violating, anti-corruption laws and regulations.
Our failure to successfully comply with these laws and regulations may expose us to brand and reputational harm, as well as significant
sanctions, including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, and injunctions, as well as impacting our
ability to maintain or obtain any governmental licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals. Further, investigations
of alleged violations can result in substantial costs, fines, or penalties and diversion of our resources. We are continuously developing
and maintaining requirements to comply with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, however, there is no certainty that they
will effectively prevent violations for which we may be held responsible, or at all. 

We
are currently required to comply with U.S. economic and trade sanctions administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office
of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). Our Platform may be accessible from a sanctioned country in violation of applicable trade
and economic sanctions. As part of our ongoing compliance efforts, we are implementing requirements to ensure that we do not violate
these laws and requirements, however, our failure to adequately implement such requirements, fully perform our compliance requirements,
or otherwise breach our compliance requirements with OFAC could result in our being subject to penalties, fines or other enforcement
actions. 

We
process, support and execute financial transactions as part of our business and disburse funds on behalf of certain of our users, including
receiving payment card information and processing payments for and due to our users. Accordingly, we may be subject to various anti-money
laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations around the world that prohibit, among other things, involvement in transferring
the proceeds of criminal or terrorist activities, including, in the U.S., the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended (the BSA ),
and certain provisions of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism
Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act ). We have developed a risk-based anti-money laundering program that we are implementing, however,
in the event that we breach any of these laws and regulations that are applicable to us, we could be subject to significant civil fines,
penalties, inquiries, audits, investigations, enforcement actions, and criminal and civil liability. 

33 

Any
failure on our part to implement, maintain or follow the necessary processes and policies to comply with these regulations and requirements,
or to adapt our processes and policies to changes in laws or regulations would adversely impact our brand and reputation, or our ability
to obtain or maintain any governmental licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals, and would negatively
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
are subject to domestic and foreign laws relating to processing certain financial transactions, including payment card transactions,
and failure to comply with those laws, even if inadvertent, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

As
a result of our undertaking certain payment transactions on behalf of certain of our users, including receiving payment card information
and processing payments, we have been subject and may continue to be subject to or we may voluntarily comply with a number of rules,
laws and regulations relating to privacy and information security, electronic fund transfers, payment services and convenience fees.
If we were found to be in violation of applicable rules, laws and regulations, we could be subject to additional liability, including
card association and governmental fines or other sanctions, and we could be forced to otherwise change our business practices in certain
jurisdictions, or be required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals. 

We
have implemented procedures and continue to implement policies and procedures to preserve and protect payment data against loss, corruption,
misappropriation caused by systems failures, unauthorized access or misuse. However, to the extent we retain our user s data, we
could be subject to liability claims by users for the misuse of that information, which could negatively impact our ability to utilize
certain payment cards, or undertake certain transactions, which could disrupt our business. Failure to comply with these rules and laws
may subject us to, among other things, additional costs or changes to our business practices, liability for monetary damages, fines or
criminal prosecution, reputation and brand damage, and restrictions on our ability to process and support financial transactions, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Tax
and other regulatory authorities may successfully assert that we have not properly collected or remitted withholding taxes, and as a
result may successfully impose additional obligations, fines, penalties or other financial liability on us, any of which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Federal
tax rules generally require payers to report payments to unrelated parties to the Internal Revenue Service. In the event of our failure
to comply with such reporting obligations, due to failure in the application of our judgment in evaluating our obligations, our effective
compliance with our internal process and its execution, or with respect to the process and manner in which we calculate and remit amounts
due and owing to taxing authorities timely or at all, could subject us to brand and reputational damage, fines, penalties, and other
financial liability, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of
our securities to decline or become worthless. 

In
certain instances, we have collected and remitted applicable withholding taxes in the claims and redemption process. Regulatory and tax
authorities may raise questions about, or challenge or disagree with, this practice, or in the application of our judgment in evaluating
our obligations, our effective compliance with our internal process and its execution, or with respect to the process and the manner
in which taxes are calculated, remitted and withheld as a result. A successful assertion by one or more regulatory or tax authorities
requiring us to alter our practice could result in brand and reputational damage, fines, penalties and other financial liability, or
discourage our users and commercial partners from using our Platform, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, and
results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

Human
Capital Risks 

Our
success will depend on our ability to hire employees in the future. Recruitment and retention of these individuals is vital to growing
our business and our business plans. The loss of any of our key executives or other key employees could harm our business. 

We
currently have nine employees who manage and operate our business, including our Chief Executive Officer, Mark Gustavson. While we have
experienced significant turnout of our executive officers in the past year, we expect that the leadership of our current key executives
and employees will be a critical element of our success in the future. The departure, death or disability of any one of our executive
officers or employees or other extended or permanent loss of any of their services, or any negative market or industry perception with
respect to any of them or their loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

34 

In
addition, our failure to re-hire employees in the future will limit our ability to restart our business operations and earn revenue.
Certain employees have made significant contributions to our growth and success. We believe our success and our ability to compete and
grow following the Operational Cessation will depend in large part on the efforts and talents of our future employees and on our ability
to retain highly skilled personnel. The competition for these types of personnel is intense and we compete with other potential employers
for the services of our employees. As a result, we may not succeed in hiring and retaining the executives and other key employees that
we need. Employees, particularly developers and engineers, are in high demand, and we will need to devote significant resources to identifying,
hiring, training, successfully integrating and retaining these employees, including significant financial resources, which we may not
have. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to attract or retain such highly qualified personnel in the future. In addition,
the loss of future employees or the inability to hire skilled employees as necessary could result in significant disruptions to our business,
and the integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause additional disruptions to our business. 

If
we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may
be unable to grow effectively and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously harmed. 

Illegal,
improper, or otherwise inappropriate activity of our couriers, whether or not occurring while performing their employment duties, could
expose us to liability and adversely affect our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Illegal,
improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities by our couriers, including the activities of individuals who may have previously engaged
with, but are not then receiving or providing services offered through, our Platform or individuals who are intentionally impersonating
users or couriers or the activities of couriers while purchasing lottery game tickets, may occur, which could adversely affect our reputation,
brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless.
These activities may include attempted theft, unauthorized use of payment card or financial account information, user identity theft,
theft of lottery games, and other misconduct. Such activities may result in injuries or damage for users and third parties, or business
interruptions, reputational and brand damage, or other significant liabilities for us. 

While
we have implemented various measures intended to anticipate, identify, and address the risk of these types of activities, these measures
may not adequately address or prevent all illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activity by these parties from occurring and
such conduct could expose us to liability, including through litigation, or adversely affect our brand or reputation. At the same time,
if the measures we have taken to guard against these illegal, improper, or otherwise inappropriate activities, such as our requirement
that all couriers undergo a background check, are too restrictive and inadvertently prevent couriers and users otherwise in good standing
from using our Platform, or if we are unable to implement and communicate these measures fairly and transparently or are perceived to
have failed to do so, the growth and engagement of the number of couriers and users on our Platform and their use of our Platform could
be adversely affected. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations
and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

Risks
Relating to our Dependence on Third Parties 

Our
business model depends upon the compatibility between our B2C Platform and the major mobile operating systems and upon third-party platforms
for the distribution of our product offerings. If Google Play or the Apple App Store or other mobile download sites prevent users from
downloading our apps or if our advertising is blocked or rejected from being delivered to our users, our ability to grow our revenue,
profitability, and prospects may be adversely affected. 

When
operational, our users access our B2C Platform product offerings on mobile devices and web applications, and accordingly, our business
model depends upon the compatibility between our application and the major mobile operating systems. Third parties with whom we do not
have any formal relationships control the design of mobile devices and operating systems. These parties frequently introduce new devices,
and from time to time they may introduce new operating systems or modify existing ones. Network carriers may also impact the ability
to download applications or access specified content on mobile devices. 

35 

In
addition, when operational, we rely upon third-party platforms for distribution of our product offerings. The Google Play store and Apple
App Store are global application distribution platforms and have been the main distribution channels for our application. As such, the
promotion, distribution and operation of our application are subject to the respective distribution platforms standard terms and
policies for application developers, which are very broad and subject to frequent changes and interpretation. Furthermore, the distribution
platforms may not enforce their standard terms and policies for application developers consistently and uniformly across all applications
and with all publishers. 

There
is no guarantee that popular mobile devices will support or feature our product offerings when operational, or that mobile device users
will continue to use our product offerings rather than competing products. We are dependent on the interoperability of our technology
with popular mobile operating systems, technologies, networks and standards that we do not control, such as the Android and iOS operating
systems, and any changes, bugs, technical or regulatory issues in such systems, our relationships with mobile manufacturers and carriers,
or in their terms of service or policies that degrade our offerings functionality, reduce or eliminate our ability to distribute
our offerings, give preferential treatment to competitive products, limit our ability to deliver high quality offerings, or impose fees
or other charges related to delivering our offerings, could adversely affect our product usage and monetization on mobile devices. 

Furthermore,
we may not successfully cultivate relationships with key industry participants or develop product offerings that operate effectively
with these technologies, systems, networks, regulations, or standards. If it is difficult for our users to access and use our offerings
on their mobile devices, if our users choose not to access or use our offerings on their mobile devices, or if our users choose to use
mobile products that do not offer access to our offerings, our user growth, retention, and engagement could be seriously harmed. In addition,
if any of the third-party platforms used for distribution of our product offerings were to limit or disable advertising on their platforms,
either because of technological constraints or because the owner of these distribution platforms wished to impair our ability to serve
ads on them, our ability to generate revenue could be harmed. Also, technologies may be developed that can block the display of our ads.
These changes could materially impact the way we do business, and if we or our advertising partners are unable to quickly and effectively
adjust to those changes, there could be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause
the value of our securities to decline or become worthless. 

We
rely on third-party providers for validation services regarding our users, and if such providers fail to perform adequately, provide
inaccurate information, or we do not maintain business relationships with them, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 

We
have relied and expect to rely in the future on third-party providers to assist in some or all of the required validation of the identity,
verification of the age, or geo-location of our prospective users, however, there is no guarantee that such third-party systems will
perform adequately, or at all, or be effective. To the extent that we rely on third parties for our identity, age, or geolocation systems
to ensure that we are in compliance with certain laws and regulations, any service disruption to those systems would prohibit us from
operating our offerings and would adversely affect our business. Additionally, incorrect or misleading geolocation, age, and identity
verification data with respect to current or potential users received from third-party service providers may result in us inadvertently
allowing access to our offerings to individuals who should not be permitted to access them, or otherwise inadvertently deny access to
individuals who should be able to access our offerings, in each case based on inaccurate identity or geographic location determination.
When operational, our third-party geolocation services provider relies on its ability to obtain information necessary to determine geolocation
from mobile devices, operating systems, and other sources. When operational, changes, disruptions, or temporary or permanent failure
to access such sources by our third-party services providers may result in their inability to accurately determine the location of our
users. Moreover, our inability to maintain our contracts with third-party services providers, or to replace them with equivalent third
parties, may result in our inability to access geolocation, age and identity verification data necessary for our day-to-day operations.
If any of these risks materializes, we may be subject to disciplinary action, fines, lawsuits, and our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

36 

We
rely on third-party payment processors to process payments and withdrawals made by our users, and if we cannot manage our relationships
with such third parties and other payment-related risks, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

When
operational, we rely on a limited number of third-party payment processors to process payments and withdrawals made by our users. If
any of our third-party payment processors terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew their agreements with us on commercially
reasonable terms, we would need to find an alternate payment processors, and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such
payment processors in an acceptable time frame. Further, the software and services provided by our third-party payment processors may
not meet our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, be compromised or experience outages. Any of these risks could cause us
to lose our ability to accept payments or other payment transactions or make timely payments to our users, any of which could make our
technology less trustworthy and convenient and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain our users. 

Nearly
all of our payments have been made by credit card, debit card, automated clearing house transaction, or through other third-party payment
services, which subjects us to certain regulations and to the risk of fraud. We may in the future offer new payment options to users
that may be subject to additional regulations and risks. We are also subject to a number of other laws and regulations relating to the
payments we accept from our users and customers, including with respect to money laundering, money transfers, privacy, and information
security. If we fail to comply with applicable rules and regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties, fines and/or
higher transaction fees and may lose our ability to accept online payments or other payment card transactions, which could make our offerings
less convenient and attractive to our users and customers. If any of these events were to occur, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected. 

For
example, if we are deemed to be a money transmitter as defined by applicable regulation, we could be subject to certain laws, rules and
regulations enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the U.S. and numerous state and local agencies who may define money
transmitter differently. Certain states may have a more expansive view of who qualifies as a money transmitter. Additionally, outside
of the U.S., we could be subject to additional laws, rules and regulations related to the provision of payments and financial services,
and if we expand into new jurisdictions, the foreign regulations and regulators governing our business that we are subject to will expand
as well. If we are found to be a money transmitter under any applicable regulation and we are not in compliance with such regulations,
we may be subject to fines or other penalties in one or more jurisdictions levied by federal, state or local regulators, including state
Attorneys General, as well as those levied by foreign regulators. In addition to fines, penalties for failing to comply with applicable
rules and regulations could include criminal and civil proceedings, forfeiture of significant assets or other enforcement actions. We
could also be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result of regulatory scrutiny. 

Additionally,
our payment processors require us to comply with payment card network operating rules, which are set and interpreted by the payment card
networks. The payment card networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret or reinterpret existing rules in ways that might restrict
or prohibit us from using certain payment methods in providing certain offerings to some users, be costly to implement or difficult to
implement. We have agreed to reimburse our payment processors for fines they are assessed by payment card networks if we or our users
violate these rules. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
technology contains third-party open-source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open-source software
licenses could restrict our ability to provide our offerings. 

Our
technology contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under open source licenses, including the distributed
ledger technology, which we currently use and intend to continue to use in our Platform. Use and distribution of open-source software
may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties,
indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability
of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our technology. 

Some
open-source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon
the type of open-source software we use or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. If we combine our software with open-source
software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open-source licenses, be required to release the source code of our software to
the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could
result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Alternatively, to avoid the public release of the affected portions of our source code,
we could be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software. 

37 

Although
we monitor our use of open-source software to avoid subjecting our technology to conditions we do not intend, the terms of many open-source
licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that
could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our technology. From time to time, there
have been claims challenging the ownership of open-source software against companies that incorporate open-source software into their
solutions. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open-source software.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that our processes for controlling our use of open-source software in our technology will be effective.
If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, we could
face infringement or other liability, or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue providing our offerings on
terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our technology, to discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings if re-engineering
could not be accomplished on a timely basis or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline
or become worthless. 

If
we cannot license rights to use third-party technologies on reasonable terms, we may not be able to commercialize new products or services
in the future. 

In
the future, we may license third-party technology to develop or commercialize new products or offer new services. In return for the use
of a third-party s technology, we may agree to pay the licensor royalties based on sales of our products or services. Royalties
are a component of cost of revenue and affect the margins on our products. We may also need to negotiate licenses to use third-party
intellectual property. Our business may suffer if we are unable to enter into the necessary licenses on acceptable terms, or at all,
if any necessary licenses are subsequently terminated, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license or fail to prevent
infringement by third parties, or if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable. 

We
rely on relationships with lottery organizations from which we acquire lottery data information for the provision of our Data Services.
Loss of existing relationships or failure to expand existing relationships may cause loss of competitive advantage or require us to modify,
limit or discontinue certain offerings, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
rely on relationships with lottery organizations from which we acquire rights to collect and supply lottery data that we provide to our
users and customers. The future success of our Data Service business may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain, retain and expand
relationships with lottery organizations. We have arrangements with lottery organizations for rights to their data. Our arrangements
with lottery organizations may not continue to be available to us. In the event that we lose existing arrangements or cannot continue
and expand existing arrangements, we may lose our competitive advantage or be required to discontinue or limit our offerings or services.
The loss of such arrangements may cause loss of competitive advantage and could materially adversely affect our financial condition,
business and results of operations. 

Risks
Relating to Future Growth 

Our
strategy anticipates substantial growth, and if we fail to adequately scale product offerings and manage our entry into new territories,
our business and reputation may be harmed. 

Our
business strategy contemplates substantial growth in our user and customer base, and a strategy to capture a larger share of a dynamic
lottery market and shifting demographic, primarily in the U.S. but internationally as well. Our growth has previously placed, and is
expected to continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational and financial resources and our infrastructure.
Our future success will depend, in part, upon the ability of our senior management to manage growth effectively. This will require us
to, among other things: 

implement
 additional management information systems; 

further
 develop our operating, administrative, legal, compliance, financial and accounting systems and controls; 

38 

hire
 additional qualified personnel and develop human capital; 

comply
 with additional regulatory regimes, securing licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and approvals; and 

maintain
 close coordination among our engineering, operations, legal, compliance, finance, sales and marketing and customer service and support
 organizations. 

Failure
to accomplish any of these requirements could adversely affect our ability to deliver our product, service, and systems offerings in
a timely fashion, fulfill existing commitments or attract and retain new users and customers. 

We
may face difficulties as we expand our operations into new markets in which we have limited or no prior operating experience. 

Our
capacity for growth depends, in part, on our ability to expand our operations into, and compete effectively in, new local entertainment,
gaming and Online Lottery markets. It may be difficult for us to understand and accurately predict consumer preferences and spending
habits in these new local markets. In addition, each market has unique regulatory dynamics. These include laws and regulations that can
directly or indirectly affect our ability to operate. In addition, each market is subject to distinct competitive and operational dynamics.
These include our ability to offer more attractive products, services and systems than alternative options and our ability to efficiently
attract and retain users and customers, all of which affect our sales, results of operations, and key business metrics. As a result,
we may experience fluctuations in our results of operations due to the changing dynamics in the local markets where we operate. If we
invest substantial time and resources to expand our operations and are unable to manage these risks effectively, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

International
Operations Risks 

The
international scope of our operations may expose us to increased legal and regulatory risks, and our international operations and corporate
and financing structure may expose us to potentially adverse tax consequences. 

We
have international operations, including in Mexico as a result of the closing of our acquisition in June 2021 of Global Gaming Enterprises,
Inc., which is a majority stockholder of Electronicos y de Comunicacion, S.A.P.I de C.V. and JuegaLotto, S.A. de C.V. Accordingly, our
business is subject to risks resulting from differing legal and regulatory requirements, political, social and economic conditions, and
unforeseeable developments in a variety of jurisdictions. Our international operations are subject to the following risks, among others: 

political
 instability; 

international
 hostilities, military actions, wars, terrorist or cyber-terrorist activities, natural disasters, pandemics, and infrastructure disruptions; 

differing
 economic cycles and adverse economic conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory environments and government interference in the economy, including lottery and gaming, data privacy and advertising
 laws and regulations; 

39 

changes
 to economic and anti-money laundering sanctions, laws and regulations; 

varying
 tax regimes, including with respect to the imposition of withholding taxes on remittances and other payments by our partnerships
 or subsidiaries; 

differing
 labor regulations; 

foreign
 exchange controls and restrictions on repatriation of funds; 

fluctuations
 in currency exchange rates; 

inability
 to collect payments or seek recourse under or comply with ambiguous or vague commercial or other laws; 

insufficient
 protection against product piracy and rights infringement and differing protections for intellectual property rights; 

varying
 attitudes towards lottery games and betting by foreign governments; 

difficulties
 in attracting and retaining qualified management and employees, or rationalizing our workforce; 

differing
 business practices, which may require us to enter into agreements that include non-standard terms; and 

difficulties
 in penetrating new markets due to entrenched competitors, lack of recognition of our brands or lack of local acceptance of our products,
 services and systems. 

Our
overall success as a global business depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks, and there can
be no assurance that we will be able to do so without incurring unexpected costs. If we are not able to manage the risks related to our
international operations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially affected. 

We
have expanded our presence internationally, and any future actions or escalations that affect trade relations may cause global economic
turmoil and potentially have a negative impact on our business. In particular, we may have access to fewer business opportunities and
our international operations may be negatively impacted. 

As
a result of the intended growth of the international scope of our operations and our corporate and financing structure, we may become
subject to taxation in, and to the tax laws and regulations of, multiple jurisdictions. Adverse developments in these laws or regulations,
or any change in position regarding the application, administration or interpretation of these laws or regulations in any applicable
jurisdiction, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, changes
in or to the interpretation of the tax laws or tax treaties of the countries in which we operate may adversely affect the manner in which
we have structured our business operations and legal entity structure to efficiently realize income or capital gains and mitigate withholding
taxes, and may also subject us to tax and return filing obligations in such countries that do not currently apply to us. Such changes
may increase our tax burden and/or may cause us to incur additional costs and expenses in compliance with such changes. In addition,
the tax authorities in any applicable jurisdiction may disagree with the positions we have taken or intend to take regarding the tax
treatment or characterization of any of our transactions, including the tax treatment or characterization of our indebtedness. If any
applicable tax authorities were to successfully challenge the tax treatment or characterization of any of our transactions, it could
result in the disallowance of deductions, the imposition of withholding taxes, the reallocation of income or other consequences that
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, the U.S. Congress, the U.K. Government, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD ),
and other government agencies have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. Further, the
introduction of a digital services tax, such as the U.K. digital services tax introduced with effect from April 1, 2020, may increase
our tax burden, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Finally, the international
scope of our business operations could subject us to multiple overlapping tax regimes that can make it difficult to determine what our
obligations are in particular situations. 

40 

Fluctuating
foreign currency and exchange rates may negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial position. 

Due
to our international operations, a portion of our business is denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, fluctuations in foreign
currency and exchange rates may have an impact on our business, results of operations and financial position. Foreign currency exchange
rates have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate. Significant foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact our
international revenue, which in turn would affect our consolidated revenue. Currencies may be affected by internal factors, general economic
conditions and external developments in other countries, all of which can have an adverse impact on a country s currency. Currently,
we are not party to any hedging transactions intended to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. We may seek to enter into
hedging transactions in the future, but we may be unable to enter into these transactions successfully, on acceptable terms or at all.
We cannot predict whether we will incur foreign exchange losses in the future. Further, significant foreign exchange fluctuations resulting
in a decline in the respective local currency may decrease the value of our foreign assets, as well as decrease our revenues and earnings
from our foreign subsidiaries, which would reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial position. 

Intellectual
Property Risks 

If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights or prevent its unauthorized use by third parties, our ability
to compete in the market or our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. 

We
have and continue to seek to protect our intellectual property to ensure that our competitors do not use such intellectual property.
However, intellectual property laws in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions may afford differing and limited protection, may not permit
us to gain or maintain a competitive advantage, and may not prevent our competitors from duplicating our products, designing around our
proprietary products or technology, or gaining access to our proprietary information and technology, and are costly and time consuming. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had one trademark registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the registration of six other
word marks and one logo was pending with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Our success may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain
trademark protection for the names or symbols under which we market our products and to obtain copyright protection, which may not always
be successful. We are continually evaluating opportunities to file patents. Any future patent applications we hold or have rights to
may not result in an issued patent, and if patents are issued, they may not necessarily provide meaningful protection against competitors
and competitive technologies or adequately protect our then-current technologies. Additionally, even if granted, we may not be able to
build and maintain goodwill in our trademarks or obtain trademark or patent protection, and there can be no assurance that any trademark,
copyright, or issued patent will provide competitive advantages for us or that our intellectual property will not be successfully challenged
or circumvented by competitors. 

We
may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or trade secrets. For example, there can be
no assurance that consultants, vendors, partners, former employees, or current employees will not breach their obligations regarding
non-disclosure and restrictions on use. Anyone could seek to challenge, invalidate, circumvent, or render unenforceable any patent that
we seek protection over in the future. We may not be able to detect the unauthorized use of our intellectual property, prevent breaches
of our cybersecurity efforts, or take appropriate steps to enforce our proprietary or intellectual property rights effectively. In addition,
certain contractual provisions, including restrictions on use, copying, transfer, and disclosure of software, may be unenforceable under
the laws of certain jurisdictions. 

We
intend to enforce our intellectual property rights, and from time to time may initiate claims against third parties that we believe are
infringing our intellectual property rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly,
time-consuming, and distracting to management, could fail to obtain the results sought, and could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, business, and financial condition. 

41 

The
intellectual property rights of others, including claims of third parties that we are infringing on their intellectual property and proprietary
rights, may prevent us from developing new products, services and systems, entering new markets or may expose us to significant license
fees, liability, or costly litigation. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to continually adapt our business activities, products, services, and systems to incorporate
new technologies and to expand into entertainment and gaming markets that may be created by new technologies. If technologies are protected
by the intellectual property rights of others, including our competitors, we may be prevented from introducing products, services or
systems based on these technologies or expanding into markets created by these technologies. If the intellectual property rights of others
prevent us from taking advantage of innovative technologies, our prospects, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition
may be adversely affected. 

Our
business activities, products, services, and systems may infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, and other parties may assert
infringement claims against us. In addition to infringement claims, third parties may allege claims of invalidity or unenforceability
against us or against our licensees or manufacturers in connection with their use of our technology. A successful challenge to, or invalidation
of, one of our intellectual property interests, a successful claim of infringement by a third party against us, our business activities,
products, services and systems, or one of our licensees in connection with the use of our technologies, or an unsuccessful claim of infringement
made by us against a third party or its business activities, products, services and systems could adversely affect our business or cause
us financial harm. Any such claim and any resulting litigation, should it occur, could: 

be
 expensive and time consuming to defend or require us to pay significant amounts in damages; 

invalidate
 our proprietary rights; 

cause
 us to cease making, licensing or using products, services or systems that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 

require
 us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products, services or systems or limit our ability to bring new products, services or systems
 to the market in the future; 

require
 us to enter into costly or burdensome royalty, licensing or settlement agreements in order to obtain the right to undertake a business
 activity or use a product, process or component; 

impact
 the commercial viability of the products, services and systems that are the subject of the claim during the pendency of such claim;
 and 

require
 us by way of injunction to remove products, services, or systems or stop implementing the business practice, or stop selling or offering
 new products, services. 

Legal
Proceedings Risks 

We
are party to pending litigation and investigations in various jurisdictions and with various plaintiffs and we may be subject to future
litigation or investigations in the operation of our business. An adverse outcome in one or more proceedings could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
are, and have been party to, and we may in the future increasingly face the risk of, claims, lawsuits, investigations, and other proceedings,
including those which may involve securities, competition and antitrust, anti-money laundering, OFAC, regulatory, lottery or gaming,
intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, accessibility claims, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, services and
other matters. Litigation to defend us against claims by third parties, or to enforce any rights that we may have against third parties,
may be necessary, which could result in substantial costs, fines or penalties and diversion of our resources, causing a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities to decline or become
worthless. For example, as described in more detail in Item 3. Legal Proceedings, the TinBu Plaintiffs (as defined below) filed
a claim against the Company for breach of contract and misrepresentation. If the lawsuit results in an unfavorable judgment against the
Company, our Data Services business could be negatively impacted and we may lose some of TinBu s well-known clients. In addition,
defending against these claims will require the Company to expend substantial time and money, which could divert management attention
from restarting operations. 

Any
litigation to which we are a party may result in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal, or in payments
of substantial monetary damages or fines, the posting of bonds requiring significant collateral, letters of credit or similar instruments,
or we may decide to settle lawsuits on similarly unfavorable terms. These proceedings could also result in reputational harm and brand
damage, criminal sanctions, consent decrees or orders preventing us from offering certain products or requiring a change in our business
practices in costly ways or requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. Litigation and other
claims and regulatory proceedings against us could result in unexpected disciplinary actions, expenses and liabilities, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the value of our securities
to decline or become worthless. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for additional information. 

42 

Failure
to perform under agreements regarding our Platform or our Data Services, affiliate agreements, or other contracts that we are party to
may result in litigation, substantial monetary liquidated damages and contract termination, which would materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business may subject us to contractual penalties and risks of litigation, including due to potential allegations that we have not fully
performed under contracts. Agreements with lottery authorities under which lottery tickets are sold as a retail vendor typically permit
a lottery authority to terminate the contract at any time for material failure to perform, other specified reasons and, in many cases,
for no reason at all. These contracts also frequently contain exacting implementation schedules and performance requirements and the
failure to meet these schedules and requirements may result in monetary liquidated damages, as well as possible contract termination.
Additionally, we are party to agreements that may include monetary liquidated damages provisions in the event of our material default
thereunder. Material amounts of liquidated damages could be imposed on us in the future, which could, if imposed, have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, business or financial condition. 

We
may not recover amounts owed to us from J. Streicher Financial, LLC. 

On
July 29, 2022, the Company filed an original Verified Complaint for Breach of Contract and Specific Performance (the Complaint against J. Streicher Financial, LLC Streicher in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Chancery
Court ). In its Complaint, the Company alleged that Streicher breached a contract entered into by the parties on March 9, 2022,
and demanded that Streicher return 16,500,000 it owed to the Company. On September 26, 2022, the Chancery Court entered an order in
favor of the Company, Granting with Modifications Company s Motion for Partial Summary Judgment in the amount of 16,500,000
(the Judgment ). On October 27, 2022, the Chancery Court further awarded the Company 397,036.94 in attorney s
fees (the Fee Order ). On November 15, 2022, the Company initiated efforts against Streicher to seek collections
on the Judgment and Fee Order. The Company subsequently engaged a collection firm to pursue Streicher as a judgment debtor on behalf
of Company. Since being engaged, the collection firm has sought collections on Streicher by noticing Judgment-Debtor for Deposition by
Oral Examination in Aid of Judgment and seeking post-judgment discovery, including interrogatories and requests for production. 

In
an effort to avoid post-judgment discovery, Streicher indicated a willingness to pay the judgment over time with interest and is attempting
to negotiate a settlement and forbearance agreement with the Company. Streicher s original deadline to produce documents and respond
to the post-judgment discovery was January 16, 2023, and the Deposition was scheduled to take place on January 19, 2023. On January 20,
2023, faced with post-judgment discovery and depositions, Streicher remitted a partial payment towards the Judgment in the amount of
 75,000. On February 13, 2023, Streicher made another payment towards the Judgment in the amount of 50,000 and agreed to make another
payment in the amount of 75,000 on February 28, 2023. Streicher failed to remit the payment on February 28, 2023, and as a result, the
Company is proceeding with the post-judgment discovery and depositions, which was scheduled for March 16, 2023, provided that Streicher
did not appear at such hearing. The Company intends to fully collect on the Judgment and intends to pursue all legal and equitable means
to enforce the Judgment against Streicher until the Judgment is fully satisfied. 

We
may never collect the full amount of the judgment, the costs of collecting the judgment, including additional legal fees may be material,
and Streicher may not have funds to pay us amounts due or make seek bankruptcy protection. 

Public
Company Operating Risks 

Our
projections are subject to significant risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties, including assumptions regarding future legislation
and changes in regulations, both inside and outside of the U.S. As a result, our projected revenues, market share, expenses and profitability
may differ materially from our expectations. 

The
regulated gaming and lottery industry is subject to rapid change, significant competition, and regulatory oversight and our projections
are subject to the risks and assumptions made by management with respect to our industries. Operating results are difficult to forecast
because they generally depend on our assessment of the timing of adoption of future legislation and regulations by different states,
which are uncertain. Furthermore, if we invest in the development of new products, services or distribution channels that do not achieve
significant commercial success, whether because of implementation, competition or otherwise, we may not recover the often substantial
 up front costs of developing and marketing those products and distribution channels or recover the opportunity cost of
diverting management and financial resources away from other services, products or distribution channels. 

43 

Additionally,
our business may be affected by reductions in consumer spending from time to time as a result of a number of factors which may be difficult
to predict. This may result in decreased revenue levels, and we may be unable to adopt measures in a timely manner to compensate for
any unexpected shortfall in income. This inability could cause our operating results in a given quarter to be higher or lower than expected.
If actual results differ from our estimates, analysts may react negatively, and our stock price could be materially impacted. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention, and the increases in legal,
accounting and compliance expenses may be greater than we anticipate. 

As
a result of being a public company we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company.
We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and are required to comply with the applicable requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as the rules and regulations subsequently
implemented by the SEC and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), including changes in corporate
governance practices and the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Compliance with these rules
and regulations can be burdensome. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and
have made some activities more time-consuming and costly as compared to when we were a private company. In particular, we have incurred
and expect to continue to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which will increase when we are no longer an emerging growth company. We have
and will continue to hire additional accounting and financial staff, and engage outside consultants, all with appropriate public company
experience and technical accounting knowledge and maintain an internal audit function, which will increase our operating expenses. Moreover,
we could incur additional compensation costs in the event that we decide to pay cash compensation closer to that of other public companies,
which would increase our general and administrative expenses and could materially and adversely affect our profitability. We cannot predict
or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 

Risks
Relating to Our Charter Documents and Delaware Law 

Our
Charter includes certain redemption rights which may negatively affect the value our common stock and other securities and/or result
in the redemption of shares of common stock or other securities held by certain holders. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our Charter provides that any shares of capital stock, bonds,
notes, convertible debentures, options, warrants or other instruments that represent a share of equity of the Company, a debt owed by
the Company or the right to acquire any of the foregoing (for purposes of this section, the Redeemable Securities ), owned
or controlled by a record or beneficial holder of the Company s Redeemable Securities or an affiliate thereof who or that (i) fails
or refuses to participate in good faith in an investigative process of, or submit documents, give notices or make filings requested or
required by, any Regulatory Authority (as such term is defined in the Charter), (ii) is denied or disqualified by any regulatory authority
from receiving or holding any Regulatory Approval (as such term is defined in the Charter)), (iii) is determined by a regulatory authority
or by the Board, based on advice of counsel or verifiable information received from any Regulatory Authority, to be disqualified or unsuitable
to own or control any Redeemable Securities or to be associated or affiliated in any capacity with the Company, its affiliates, or the
business and activities of the Company and its affiliates in any Applicable Jurisdiction (as such term is defined in the Charter), (iv)
causes the Company or any of its affiliates to lose or to be threatened with the loss of any Regulatory Approval, or (v) is deemed likely
by the Board, based on advice of counsel or verifiable information received from any Regulatory Authority, by virtue of such holder s
ownership or control of Redeemable Securities or association or affiliation with the Company or its affiliates, to jeopardize, impede,
impair or adversely affect the ability of the Company s or any of its affiliates to obtain, maintain, hold, use or retain any Regulatory
Approval or to cause or result in the suspension, disapproval, termination, non-renewal or loss of any Regulatory Approval (each of such
holders or an affiliate of such holder, a Disqualified Holder shall be subject to redemption by the Company (as described
in the Charter) as and to the extent required by a Regulatory Authority or deemed necessary or advisable by the Company s Board. 

44 

If
a Regulatory Authority requires the Company, or the Board deems it necessary or advisable, to cause any such Redeemable Securities be
subject to redemption, we will deliver a redemption notice (as described in the Charter) to the Disqualified Holder or its affiliate(s)
(as applicable) and shall purchase the number and type of Redeemable Securities specified in the redemption notice for the redemption
price, as defined and determined in accordance with the Charter and set forth in the redemption notice. 

Commencing
on the date that a regulatory authority serves notice of a determination of disqualification or unsuitability of a holder of Redeemable
Securities, or the Board otherwise determines that a person is a Disqualified Holder, and until the Redeemable Securities owned or controlled
by such person are owned or controlled by a person who is not a Disqualified Holder, the Disqualified Holder and any affiliates of such
Disqualified Holder shall not be entitled to: (i) exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting rights conferred by such Redeemable Securities
or otherwise participate in the management of the business or affairs of the Company or our affiliates; (ii) receive any dividends or
share of distribution of profits or cash or any other property of, or payments upon dissolution of, the Company or our affiliates, other
than payment for the redemption of the Redeemable Securities as described in the Charter; or (iii) receive any remuneration in any form
from the Company or any of our affiliates, for services rendered or otherwise. 

No
redemption of Redeemable Securities shall be effectuated pursuant to the Charter without the receipt of the regulatory approvals required
therefor. From and after the redemption date, the Redeemable Securities shall no longer be deemed outstanding, such Disqualified Holder
shall cease to be a stockholder with respect to such Redeemable Securities and all rights of such Disqualified Holder (other than the
right to receive the redemption price) shall cease. 

The
existence of the redemption rights set forth in our Charter may result in the value of the Redeemable Securities being less than they
would without the existence of such rights, may prevent the sale or transfer of such Redeemable Securities, and may result in a holder
of Redeemable Securities receiving less value for such Redeemable Securities upon the redemption thereof as they would had such Redeemable
Securities not been redeemed. 

A
court may find that part or all of the provisions included in our Charter pertaining to the redemption right with respect to capital
stock held by any stockholders who are deemed to be disqualified or unsuitable holders is not enforceable,
either in general or as to a particular fact situation. 

Under
the laws of the State of Delaware, our jurisdiction of incorporation, a corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation for
the amount of securities that may be owned by any person or group of persons for the purpose of maintaining any statutory or regulatory
advantage or complying with any statutory or regulatory requirements under applicable law. Delaware law provides that ownership limitations
with respect to shares of our stock issued prior to the effectiveness of our Charter will be effective against (i) stockholders with
respect to shares that were voted in favor of the proposed provision; and (ii) purported transferees of shares that were voted for the
proposed provision if (a) the transfer restrictions are conspicuously noted on the certificate(s) representing such shares, or (b) the
transferee had actual knowledge of the transfer restrictions (even absent such conspicuous notation). The shares of common stock, par
value 0.001 per share issued after the effective date of our Charter were issued with the ownership limitation conspicuously noted on
the certificate(s) representing such shares and therefore under Delaware law such newly issued shares will be subject to the transfer
restriction. We have also disclosed such restrictions to persons holding our stock in uncertificated form. 

We
cannot assure you that the provision pertaining to the redemption right with respect to capital stock held by any stockholders who are
deemed to be disqualified or unsuitable holders is enforceable under all circumstances, particularly against
stockholders who did not vote in favor of the proposed provision, who do not have notice of the ownership limitations at the time they
subsequently acquire their shares, or who acquire shares that were owned, at the time of the vote on the provision, by a stockholder
(or stockholders) who did not vote such shares in favor of the proposed provision. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we would be
able to redeem the shares of a stockholder deemed an unsuitable person by applicable regulatory authorities. 

Claims
for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us
and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 

Our
Charter and our amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in
each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the DGCL ), our Charter, Bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and
officers provide that: 

To
 the fullest extent permitted under the DGCL, our directors will not be personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary
 damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. 

45 

We
 will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business entities at our request,
 to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The DGCL provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted
 in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and,
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful. 

We
 may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law
 and such person was made a party to an action, suit or proceeding, by reason of the fact that he or she is or was an employee or
 agent of the Company. 

We
 are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that
 such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled
 to indemnification. 

We
 will not be obligated pursuant to the indemnification agreements entered into with our directors and executive officers to indemnify
 a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person, except with respect to proceedings to enforce an indemnitees right
 to indemnification or advancement of expenses, proceedings authorized by our board of directors and if offered by us in our sole
 discretion. 

The
 rights conferred in our Charter are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors,
 officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons. 

We
 may not retroactively amend our Charter or indemnification agreement provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors,
 officers, employees and agents. 

As
a result of these provisions, if an investor were able to enforce an action against our directors or officers, in all likelihood, we
would be required to pay any expenses they incurred in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement they otherwise would be required
to pay. This could lead to us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against our directors
and officers, which the Company may not be able to pay or recoup. Accordingly, our indemnification obligations could divert needed financial
resources and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and adversely affect the
value of our business. 

The
exclusive forum provision in our Charter may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our
Charter requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, other employee
to us or to our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to
any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), our Charter or our Amended and Restated Bylaws (our Bylaws 
or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine under
Delaware law shall be brought, to the fullest extent permitted by law, solely and exclusively in the Court of Chancery in the State of
Delaware. 

In
addition, our Charter requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that the federal district courts
of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this provision in the Charter does not apply
to claims seeking to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act since Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive
federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. 

46 

Although
we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which
it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the
effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our Charter and Bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt . 

Our
Charter contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.
The Company is subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law which could delay or prevent a change of control. These provisions
are intended to avoid costly takeover battles, reduce our vulnerability to a hostile change of control and enhance the ability of our
Board to maximize stockholder value in connection with any unsolicited offer to acquire us. However, these provisions may make more difficult
the removal of management, may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a merger or acquisition of us by means of
a tender offer, a proxy contest or other takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts
that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price for our securities. These provisions provide for, among other things: 

authorized
 but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock, which may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions
 and employee benefit plans and the existence of which could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the
 Company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise (the DGCL does not require stockholder approval for any issuance
 of authorized shares); 

stockholder
 action may not be by written consent (the DGCL provides that unless otherwise provided in the charter, any action of a meeting of
 stockholders may be taken without a meeting and prior notice by signed written consent of stockholders having the minimum number
 of votes that would be necessary to take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted); 

amendment
 of certain provisions of the organizational documents only by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of the
 outstanding capital stock (the DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled
 to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation, unless
 the certificate of incorporation requires a greater percentage); 

provisions
 providing for a staggered board of directors and detailing that the number of directors may be fixed and modified only by our Board; 

advance
 notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at annual meetings,
 which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate
 of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of Lottery.com; and 

the
 ability of our Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock. 

providing
 that directors may be removed only for cause and then only by a two-thirds vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power
 of the outstanding shares then entitled to vote in an election of directors, voting together as a single class; 

providing
 that vacancies on our Board, including newly-created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office;
 and 

prohibiting
 stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders. 

47 

In
addition, these provisions may make it difficult and expensive for a third party to pursue a tender offer, change in control or takeover
attempt that is opposed by our management or our Board. Stockholders who might desire to participate in these types of transactions may
not have an opportunity to do so, even if the transaction is favorable to them. These anti-takeover provisions could substantially impede
your ability to benefit from a change in control or change our management and Board and, as a result, may adversely affect the market
price of common stock and your ability to realize any potential change of control premium. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock and Warrants 

We
are not currently in compliance with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq and may not be able to regain compliance with Nasdaq s
continued listing standards in the future. 

Our
common stock and warrants trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols LTRY and LTRYW, respectively.
We are not currently in compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards and our failure to continue to meet these requirements
may result in our securities being delisted from Nasdaq. 

On
August 17, 2022, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq indicating that, as a result of not having timely filed the Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 with the SEC, the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires timely filing of all required periodic financial reports with the SEC. On November 28, 2022, the Company
received an additional notice, dated November 16, 2022, from Nasdaq indicating that, as a result of an additional delinquency in the
timely filing of the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company remained out of compliance with
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) 

On
August 24, 2022, the Staff notified the Company that the bid price of its common stock had closed at less than 1 per share over the
previous 30 consecutive business days, and, as a result, did not comply with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company was provided 180 calendar days, or until February 20, 2023, to regain compliance with such rule.
On February 23, 2023, the Company received a determination letter from Nasdaq advising it that Nasdaq had determined that the Company
had not regained compliance with such rule and that the Company was not eligible for a second 180 day period as the Company had not yet
filed its periodic reports with the SEC and Nasdaq noted above. Nasdaq also confirmed to the Company in its February 23, 2023 letter
that the failure to timely file those periodic reports each serve as separate and an individual basis for delisting. 

The
Company had until March 2, 2023 to request an appeal of this determination, which appeal was timely requested. If the appeal is not granted,
then, the Company s common stock and warrants will be delisted from Nasdaq, trading of the Company s securities will be suspended,
and a Form 25-NSE will be filed with the SEC which will remove the Company s securities from listing and registration on Nasdaq. 

Subsequently,
on April 4, 2023, the Company received an additional notice from Nasdaq that the Company s failure to timely file its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, serves as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities from Nasdaq. 

On
April 24, 2023, the Company presented a plan to regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules and to file the Company s deficient
quarterly reports for the quarters ended June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as well as its annual report for the year ended December
31, 2022, and to cure the bid price deficiency. On May 8, 2023, the Company received notice that the Company s plan to regain compliance
was conditionally accepted by the hearings panel and the Company provided Nasdaq with certain requested information. On May 24, 2023,
the Company received a letter from the hearings panel (the May 24th Decision ), stating that as a result of its review of
the requested information, the hearings panel had determined to delist the Company s common stock and warrants from Nasdaq on May
26, 2023, and the Company s common stock and warrants were suspended from trading on Nasdaq on that date. The Company responded
to the May 24 th Decision and requested that the hearings panel reconsider the historic facts underlying its decision and the
Company s future prospects and the consequences of such delisting on the Company s stockholders and its ability to continue
to relaunch its business. 

On
May 31, 2023, the Panel requested additional information from the Company in order to conduct its reconsideration of the matter. Specifically,
the Panel requested the Company s projected cash flow for the next 12 months, the amount of anticipated drawdowns from the Company s
Loan Agreement with Woodford, and a breakdown of the Company s revenue earned since it recommenced lottery ticket sales in April
2023. On June 2, 2023, the Company submitted a written response to the Panel s May 31st request. 

48 

Upon
consideration of the record and the additional documentation provided by the Company, on June 8, 2023, the Company received a letter
(the June 8 th Decision from the hearings panel stating that it had determined to reverse its initial delisting
decision and grant the Company s request for an exception to the continued listing rules until August 17, 2023, subject to the
satisfaction of certain conditions. 

There
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance with the applicable Nasdaq listing requirements, or that a hearings
panel will continue to stay the delisting of the Company s securities. If the Company s securities are delisted from Nasdaq,
it could be more difficult to buy and sell the Company s common stock and warrants or to obtain accurate quotations, and the price
of the Company s common stock and warrants could suffer a material decline. Delisting could also impair the Company s ability
to raise capital and/or trigger defaults and penalties under its outstanding agreements or securities. Further, even if we regain compliance
with Nasdaq listing requirements, there is no guarantee that we will be able to maintain our listing for any period of time. 

In
addition to the above, other conditions required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market include requiring that we maintain
at least 10 million in stockholders equity, 50 million of market value of listed securities (which requirement is not currently
met), or 50 million in total assets and total revenue over the prior two years or two of the prior three years (which requirement is
not currently met), and having a majority of independent directors. Our stockholders equity may not remain above Nasdaq s
 50 million minimum, our market value of listed securities is not, and may in the future not be above 50 million, we may not generate
over 50 million of yearly net income (which we currently do not) and maintain over 50 million of assets. Furthermore, we are required
to maintain a majority of independent directors and at least three members on our audit committee, which requirements we have not met
from time to time, provided that as of the date of this Report which requirements are met. 

Delisting
from Nasdaq could also result in negative publicity. Further, if we are delisted, we would also incur additional costs under state blue
sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These requirements could severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock
and/or warrants and the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock and/or warrants in the secondary market. If our common stock
and/or warrants are delisted by Nasdaq, our common stock and/or warrants may be eligible to trade on an over-the-counter quotation system,
such as the OTCQB Market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our stock or obtain accurate quotations as to the market
value of our common stock and/or warrants. In the event our common stock and/or warrants are delisted from The Nasdaq Global Market,
we may not be able to list our common stock and/or warrants on another national securities exchange or obtain quotation on an over-the
counter quotation system. 

An
active trading market for our common stock and warrants may never develop or be sustained, which may make it difficult to sell the shares
of common stock and warrants. 

An
active trading market for the common stock and warrants may not develop or continue or, if developed, may not be sustained, which would
make it difficult for you to sell your shares of common stock and warrants at an attractive price or at all. The market price of our
common stock and warrants may decline below your purchase price, and you may not be able to sell your shares of common stock and warrants
at or above the price you paid for such shares or at all. 

49 

The
market price of our common stock and warrants could be highly volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. 

The
market price of our common stock and warrants could be highly volatile and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety
of factors, including the following: 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of new products, features, or services; 

the
 public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC, including but not limited to,
 those relating to the Internal Investigation and related events, our financial restatements and the Operational Cessation; 

rumors
 and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our results of operations; 

changes
 in the financial projections we may provide to the public or our failure to meet these projections; 

actual
 or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 

actual
 or perceived privacy or data security incidents; 

risks
 related to the organic and inorganic growth of our business and the timing of expected business milestones, including those related
 to announced or completed acquisitions of businesses, products, services, or technologies by us or our competitors; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in applicable laws or regulations; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 

our
 ability to forecast or report accurate financial results; and 

technical
 factors in the public trading market for our common stock and warrants that may produce price movements that may or may not comport
 with macro, industry or company-specific fundamentals, including, without limitation, the sentiment of retail investors (including
 as may be expressed on financial trading and other social media sites), the amount and status of short interest in our securities,
 access to margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our common stock and warrants and any related hedging and other
 technical trading factors. 

In
addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market
prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance
of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may
negatively affect the market price of our common stock and warrants, regardless of the Company s actual operating performance.
In addition, in the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market
price of its securities. If the Company faces such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s
attention and resources, which could harm its business, results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about the Company, or publish negative reports, the Company s
stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock and warrants will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts
publish about the Company. The Company does not have any control over these analysts. If the Company s financial performance fails
to meet analyst estimates or one or more of the analysts who cover the Company downgrade its common stock or change their opinion, the
Company s stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly
publish reports on the Company, it could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the Company s stock price
or trading volume to decline. 

Because
the Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, would be your sole
source of gain. 

The
Company currently anticipates that it will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of its business and do
not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 

50 

As
a result, capital appreciation, if any, of the Company s shares of common stock would be your sole source of gain on an investment
in such shares for the foreseeable future. 

Risks
Related to Our Loan Agreement and Loan Agreement Warrants 

Woodford
may not loan us the amounts they agreed to under the Loan Agreement. If Woodford fails to provide us with necessary funding, we may be
forced to curtail or even abandon our plan to recommence our operations and we may need to permanently cease our operations. 

As
previously noted, we need to raise capital to, among other things, support and restart our operations, re-hire employees and pay our
expenses. The Loan Agreement with Woodford is one potential source of this needed additional capital that is presently available to us.
Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, Woodford agreed to fund up to 52.5 million, subject to certain conditions and requirements, of which
 300 thousand was received by December 31, 2022. In the event Woodford does not fund us the remaining amount of funds due, or alleges
that we have breached the terms of the Loan Agreement, and therefore claims no additional funds are due, we may not receive any further
funding under the Loan Agreement. Further, if Woodford does not advance us amounts owed under the Loan Agreement and/or we are unable
to raise additional funds, we may not be able to raise enough capital to recommence our operations and run our business. Consequently,
we may be forced to curtail or even abandon our plan to recommence our operations and we may need to permanently cease our operations. 

We
are subject to certain covenants while amounts are outstanding under the Loan Agreement which may restrict our ability to undertake future
activities, including issuing additional shares of common stock. 

The
Loan Agreement includes confidentiality obligations, representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default, which are customary
for a transaction of this size and nature. Included in the Loan Agreement are covenants prohibiting us from (a) making any loan in excess
of 1 million or obtaining any loan in amount exceeding 1 million without the consent of Woodford, which may not be unreasonably withheld;
(b) selling more than 1 million in assets; (c) maintaining less than enough assets to perform our obligations under the Loan Agreement;
(d) encumbering any assets, except in the normal course of business, and not in an amount to exceed 1 million; (e) amending or restating
our governing documents; (f) declaring or paying any dividend; (g) issuing any shares of common stock which negatively affects Woodford;
and (h) repurchasing any shares of common stock. The above covenants may restrict our ability to raise capital, pay consultants, officers
and directors, and may ultimately result in material adverse effects to the Company. The result of that may be a decrease in the value
of our securities or our need to seek bankruptcy protection. 

Our
obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets and if we were
to default, they could force us to curtail or abandon our business plans and operations. 

The
amounts borrowed pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of the present and after-acquired assets
of the Company and its subsidiaries. As a result, Woodford as our creditor, in the event of the occurrence of a default under the Loan
Agreement, may enforce its security interests over our assets and/or our subsidiaries which secure such obligations, take control of
such assets and operations, force us to seek bankruptcy protection, or force us to curtail or abandon our current business plans and
operations. If that were to happen, any investment in the Company (including, but not limited to any investment in our common stock)
could become worthless. 

The
issuance and sale of common stock upon conversion of the amounts owed or upon exercise of the warrants issued to Woodford under the Loan
Agreement may depress the market price of our common stock and cause substantial dilution. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have borrowed 300 thousand under the Loan Agreement to Woodford. Amounts borrowed accrue interest at the rate
of 12 per annum (22 per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default) and are due within 12 months of the date of each loan. Amounts
borrowed can be repaid at any time without penalty. Amounts borrowed pursuant to the Loan Agreement may, at Woodford s option,
be converted into shares of common stock, beginning 60 days after the first loan date at the rate of 80 of the lowest publicly available
price per share of Company common stock within 10 business days of the date of the Loan Agreement (which was equal to 0.28 per share),
subject to a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation and a separate limitation preventing the holder from holding more than 19.99 of the
issued and outstanding common stock of the Company, without the Company obtaining stockholder approval for such issuance. 

51 

In
addition, in connection with the Loan Agreement we agreed to grant warrants to Woodford to purchase 15 of the 7,619,207 shares of common
stock that were then issued and outstanding, each with an exercise price equal to the average of the closing price for each of the ten
days prior to the first amount being debited from the bank account of Woodford, which equates to an exercise price of 0.28 per share.
In the event we fail to repay the amounts borrowed when due or Woodford fails to convert the amount owed into shares of common stock,
the exercise price of the warrants may be offset by amounts owed to Woodford, and in such case, the exercise price of the warrants will
be subject to a further 25 discount (i.e., will equal 0.21 per share). 

If
sequential conversions of amounts owed under the Loan Agreement or warrants are exercised, and sales of such resulting shares of common
stock take place, the price of our common stock may decline, and as a result, Woodford will be entitled to receive an increasing number
of shares of common stock, which shares could then be sold in the market, triggering further price declines and conversions or exercises
for even larger numbers of shares, to the detriment of our investors. The shares of common stock issued to Woodford may, under certain
conditions, be sold without restriction pursuant to Rule 144. As a result, the sale of these shares may adversely affect the market price,
if any, of our common stock. 

Additionally,
the issuance of common stock upon conversion of the amounts owed under the Loan Agreement or the exercise of warrants will result in
immediate and substantial dilution to the interests of other stockholders. 

On
June 12, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment of its Loan Agreement with Woodford (the Loan Agreement Amendment ).
The Loan Agreement Amendment provides that Woodford shall henceforth be able to convert, in whole or in part, the outstanding balance
of its loan into the conversion shares at a conversion price that represents a further 25 discount to the original conversion price
of 20 . All other terms and conditions of securitization remain in full force and effect. 

We
currently owe a significant amount of money under our Loan Agreement, which we may not be able to repay. 

As
of the date of this Report we owe approximately 300 thousand under the Loan Agreement. We do not have sufficient funds to repay such
amounts. A high level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may default on our debt obligations. If the amounts owed under the Loan
Agreement are not converted into common stock pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, we may not be able to generate sufficient
cash flows to pay the principal or interest on the loan, and future working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available
to pay or refinance such debt. If we do not have sufficient funds and are otherwise unable to arrange financing or raise additional funds,
we may have to sell significant assets or have a portion of our assets foreclosed upon which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause any investment in the Company to decline in value or become
worthless. 

General
Risk Factors 

Our
insurance coverage is not adequate to cover all possible losses that we could suffer, and our insurance costs may increase. 

We
currently do not have an effective director and officer liability insurance, and may not have the financial resources or otherwise be
able to obtain a director and officer liability insurance at reasonable cost or terms in the future. However, we have other insurance
policies with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary in their breadth and scope. Nevertheless, in the event
of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of our
lost investment or could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. Market forces beyond our control may limit the scope of the
insurance coverage we can obtain in the future or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. Certain catastrophic losses may
be uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. As a result, if we suffer such a catastrophic loss, we may not be successful
in obtaining future insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. 

Our
cash and cash equivalents may be exposed to failure of our banking institutions. 

While
we seek to minimize our exposure to third-party losses of our cash and cash equivalents, we hold our balances in a number of large financial
institutions. Notwithstanding, such allocation, we are subject to the risk of bank failure. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley
Bank SVB was unable to continue its operations and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation was appointed as receiver
for SVB and created the National Bank of Santa Clara to hold the deposits of SVB. None of our cash and cash equivalents were held at
SVB and we do not expect further developments with SVB to have a material impact on our cash and cash equivalents balance, expected results
of operations, or financial performance for the foreseeable future. However, if the banks where we hold deposits were to experience a
similar failure, we could experience additional risk. Any such loss or limitation on our cash and cash equivalents would adversely affect
our business. 

52 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal business location is in Spicewood, Texas, which is subject to a written lease agreement with an unrelated third party. We have
no other offices. Our business operations are all primarily operated out of our Spicewood, Texas location; however, our employees, including
our executive management team, currently perform their job responsibilities remotely. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

The
Company is from time to time a party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business.
In addition, the Company is a party to several material legal proceedings, which are described below. The outcome of litigation is inherently
uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for amounts in excess of management s
expectations, the Company s financial condition and operating results for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. 

J.
Streicher 

On
July 29, 2022, the Company filed its original Verified Complaint for Breach of Contract and Specific Performance (the Streicher
Complaint against J. Streicher Financial, LLC Streicher in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the
 Chancery Court ), styled AutoLotto, Inc. dba Lottery.com v. J. Streicher Financial, LLC (Case No. 2022-0661-MTZ) .
In the Streicher Complaint, the Company alleged that Streicher breached the contract entered into by the parties on March 9, 2022 and
demanded that Streicher return 16,500,000.00 it owed to the Company. On September 26, 2022, the Chancery Court entered an order in favor
of the Company, Granting with Modifications Company s Motion for Partial Summary Judgment in the amount of 16,500,000.00
(the Streicher Judgment ). On October 27, 2022, the Chancery Court further awarded the Company 397,036.94 in attorney s
fees (the Fee Order ). On November 15, 2022, the Company initiated efforts against Streicher to seek collections on the
Judgment. On December 8, 2022, the Company s prior attorney Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom, LLP Skadden filed its Combined Motion to Withdraw as Counsel and For a Charging Lien in amount of 3,024,201.17 for legal fees unpaid by Company Skadden s Motion ). On December 30, 2022, the Company filed its response to Skadden s Motion, alleging that
the Chancery Court should deny Skadden s Motion for a Charging Lien as a matter of law or, in the alternative, limit the
charging lien to the amount of the attorneys fees awarded by the Fee Order. As of the date of this Report, the Chancery Court
has not set Skadden s Motion for an oral hearing, nor has it entered an order on the motion. On January 20, 2023, faced with post-judgment
discovery and depositions, Streicher remitted a partial payment towards the Judgment in the amount of 75,000.00. On February 13, 2023,
Streicher made another payment towards the Judgment in the amount of 50,000.00 and had agreed to make another payment in the amount
of 75,000.00 on February 28, 2023, which it failed to make. The Company intends to fully collect on the Judgment and shall pursue all
legal and equitable means to enforce the Judgment against Streicher until the Judgment is fully satisfied. See Item 1A. Risk
Factors - Legal Proceedings Risks - We may not recover amounts owed to us from J. Streicher Financial, LLC for further information. 

Preston
Million Class Action 

On
August 19, 2022, Preston Million filed the Class Action Complaint (the Class Action Complaint against the Company
and certain former officers and directors of the Company in the United States District Court for Southern District of New York (the SDNY ),
styled Preston Million, Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated vs. Lottery.com, Inc. f/k/a Trident Acquisitions
Corp., Anthony DiMatteo, Matthew Clemenson and Ryan Dickinson (Case No. 1:22-cv-07111-JLR) . The Class Action Complaint alleged violations
by all defendants of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act 15 U.S.C. 
78j(b), 78t(a), as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 PSLRA ), U.S.C. 78u-4 et seq .
(collectively Federal Securities Laws ). On November 18, 2022, the SNDY ordered the appointment of RTD Bros, LLC, Todd Benn,
Tom Benn and Tomasz Rzedian (collectively Lottery Investor Group as lead plaintiff and Glancy Prongay Murray, LLP
as lead counsel for plaintiffs and for the class in the case. On December 5, 2022, the Court stipulated a Scheduling Order in
the case. On January 12, 2023, the Company s legal counsel timely filed its Notice of Appearance . On January 31, 2022, plaintiffs
filed their Amended Complaint adding Kathryn Lever, Marat Rosenberg, Vadim Komissarov, Thomas Gallagher, Gennadii Butkevych, Ilya
Ponomarev as additional defendants in the case. The Amended Complaint alleges, among other things, that defendants made materially
false and misleading statements in violation of Section 10(b),14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and plaintiffs seek compensatory damages,
reasonable cost and expenses including counsel fees and expert fees. Pursuant to the Scheduling Order , the Company filed its motion
to dismiss the Amended Complaint on April 3, 2023, under the newly consolidated caption and its proposed order to dismiss the matter.
Plaintiffs are expected to file their opposition to the motion to dismiss no later than May 18, 2023, which would trigger the Company s
deadline to file its reply brief in support of their motion to dismiss no later than June 20, 2023. 

TinBu
Complaint 

On
March 13, 2023, John Brier, Bin Tu and JBBT, LLC (collectively, the TinBu Plaintiffs filed its original complaint against
Lottery.com, Inc. f/k/a AutoLotto, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary TinBu, LLC TinBu in the Circuit Court of the
13 th Judicial District in and for Hillsborough County, Florida (the TinBu Complaint ). The Complaint alleges
breach of contract(s) and misrepresentation with alleged damages in excess of 4.6 million. The parties agreed to extend the Company s
and its subsidiary s deadline to respond until May 1, 2023. On May 2, 2023, the Company and its subsidiary retained local counsel
who filed a Notice of Appearance on behalf of the Company and TinBu and filed a Motion for Enlargement requesting the Court to extend
its deadline to file its initial response to the Complaint by an additional 30 days (the Motion for Enlargement ). As of
the date of this Report, the Motion for Enlargement has not been set for a hearing. On May 5, 2023, Plaintiffs filed their Motion for
Court Default Plaintiffs Motion for Default ), despite Company s Motion for Enlargement. As of the date of
this Report, the Plaintiffs Motion for Default has not been set for a hearing. The Company intends to oppose Plaintiffs 
Motion for Default. On May 9, 2023, Plaintiffs served Plaintiffs First Request for Admissions (the RFA to the Company.
The parties have agreed to an extension of time to respond to the RFA. The Company intends to respond in a timely manner or make necessary
objections to the RFA. On June 5, 2023, the Company and TinBu filed its original Answer and Affirmative Defenses to the TinBu Complaint. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

53 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is currently traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the symbol LTRY. Our public
warrants are traded on Nasdaq under the symbol LTRYW . 

Holders 

As
of June 15, 2023, there were 114 holders of record of our common stock and 10 holders of record of our warrants. In addition
to holders of record of our securities we believe there is a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial
holders whose shares and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable
future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and
general financial condition as well as general business conditions. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of
the Board at such time. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

We
did not issue any equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 that were not registered under the Securities Act and that
have not otherwise been described in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Periodic Report on Form 8-K. 

Securities
Repurchases 

None
during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022. 

Item
6. [Reserved]. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the consolidated
financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that
reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, such as those set forth
under the Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary sections
and elsewhere in this Report, our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 

Overview
and Recent Developments 

Internal
Investigation and Operational Cessation 

On
July 6, 2022, the Company announced that the Audit Committee (the Audit Committee of the board of directors of the Company
(the Board had retained outside counsel to conduct an independent investigation that revealed instances of non-compliance
with state and federal laws concerning the states in which lottery tickets were procured as well as order fulfillment. The investigation
also identified issues pertaining to the Company s internal accounting controls (the Internal Investigation ). Following
a report on the filings of the Internal Investigation, on June 30, 2022, the Board terminated the employment of Ryan Dickinson as the
Company s President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, effective July 1, 2022. Subsequently, the Company initiated a review
of its cash balances and related disclosures as well as its revenue recognition processes and other internal accounting controls. 

On
July 20, 2022, Armanino LLP Armanino ), the Company s registered independent public accountant for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, advised the Company that its audited financial statements of for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the
 2021 Audit and the unaudited financial statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (the March 2022 Financials ),
should no longer be relied upon. Armanino advised that it had determined, subsequent to the 2021 Audit and review of the March 2022 Financials,
that the Company had entered into a line of credit in January 2022 that was not disclosed in the footnotes to the 2021 Audit and was
not properly recorded in the March 2022 Financials. 

On
July 28, 2022, the Board determined that the Company did not have sufficient financial resources to fund its operations or pay certain
existing obligations, including its payroll and related obligations, due to a significant misstatement of our cash balances. 

The
following day, on July 29, 2022, the Company effectively ceased operations (the Operational Cessation ), when it furloughed
the majority of its employees and generally suspended its lottery game sales. The Company s remaining employees were limited to
the heads of the product, information technology and human resources teams as well as the entire legal and compliance team. Within one
week, several additional employees were recalled from furlough. All non-furloughed employees were retained, at the discretion of the
Company s then Chief Operating Officer and Chief Legal Officer, to provide the minimal business functions needed to address the
Company s legal and compliance issues and to secure necessary funding to resume the Company s operations. Less than half
of these non-furloughed employees remain active in the efforts to restore Company operations and as of December 31, 2022, approximately
 1.6 million in outstanding payroll obligations remain unpaid. 

54 

On
September 27, 2022, Armanino resigned as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company, effective immediately. 

On
October 7, 2022, the Audit Committee approved the engagement of Yusufali Associates, LLC, Yusufali as the Company s
new independent registered public accounting firm. 

Since
the Operational Cessation, the Company has had minimal day-to-day operations and has primarily focused its operations on restarting certain
of its core businesses (as described in more detail under - Plans for Recommencement of Company Operations below),
completing the restatements of the Company s 2021 Audit and March 2022 Financials and preparing and filing the Company s
delinquent periodic reports, including Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December
31, 2021, which the Company filed on May 10, 2023, Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the three
months ended March 31, 2022, which the Company filed on May 15, 2023, the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the three
months ended June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, which the Company filed on May 22 and 24, 2023, respectively, the Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2023, and this Report. 

Nasdaq
Listing 

On
March 23, 2023, the Company requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel to appeal a determination
by the Listing Qualifications department (the Staff of Nasdaq dated February 23, 2023, to delist the Company s securities
from Nasdaq. At the hearing before the Panel on April 24, 2023, the Company presented its plan to complete the restatement of its financial
statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and the subsequent quarter ended March 31, 2022, and to file the amended periodic
reports and all subsequent required filings with the SEC. The Company requested the continued listing of its securities on Nasdaq pending
the completion of its compliance plan. 

By
letter dated May 8, 2023, the Panel granted the Company s request for continued listing, on an interim basis, subject to the Company
submitting financial projections for fiscal 2023 and filing the restated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2021, and quarter ended March 31, 2022, with the SEC by May 15, 2023. The Company satisfied these conditions and the Panel indicated
that it would review the filings, along with the updated projections, and thereafter determine whether to afford the Company additional
time to complete the compliance plan presented at the hearing. 

By
letter dated May 24, 2023, the Panel notified the Company that it had determined to suspend trading and otherwise move to delist the
Company s securities from Nasdaq effective with the open of the market on May 26, 2023. The Company s securities were suspended
from trading on that date but the securities were not delisted because the Company thereafter requested that the Panel reconsider its
determination to delist the Company s securities from Nasdaq based upon what the Company believed to be mistakes of material fact
upon which the Panel had based its decision. 

On
June 8, 2023, the Panel notified the Company that it had determined to reverse its prior decision and grant the Company s request
for continued listing subject to the Company s timely compliance with a number of conditions ultimately expiring on August 17,
2023, on which date the Company must satisfy all applicable criteria for continued listing on Nasdaq (the June 8 th 
Decision ). As a result of the foregoing, the suspension from trading ceased and the Company s securities were reinstated
for trading on Nasdaq effective with the open of the market on June 15, 2023. See Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Common
Stock and Warrants - We are not currently in compliance with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq and may not be able to regain
compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards in the future for more information. 

AutoLotto
 30,000,000 Business Loan 

On
January 4, 2022, AutoLotto entered into a Business Loan Agreement (the Business Loan with The Provident Bank Provident ),
pursuant to which the Company borrowed 30,000,000 from Provident, which was evidenced by a 30,000,000 Promissory Note. The Promissory
Note accrued interest at the rate of 2.750 per annum (7.750 upon the occurrence of an event of default) and had a maturity date of
January 4, 2024. Monthly interest payments were due under the Promissory Note beginning February 4, 2022. The Promissory Note could be
repaid at any time without penalty. The Promissory Note included customary events of default for a debt obligation of the size of the
Promissory Note. The Business Loan included representations and warranties of AutoLotto and covenants (both positive and negative) which
were customary of a customary for a transaction of this nature and size, including rights to set off. Upon the occurrence of an event
of default, Provident could declare the entire amount owed immediately due and payable. We were required to pay a 1 commitment fee at
the time of our entry into the Business Loan, and another 1 annual loan fee on the first year anniversary thereof. 

55 

In
accordance with the terms of the Business Loan, upon entering into the agreement, 30,000,000 in a separate account with Provident was
pledged as security for the amount outstanding under the loan Collateral Security ). The 30,000,000 Collateral Security
became restricted and remained restricted until October 12, 2022, when AutoLotto defaulted on its obligations under the Business Loan
and Provident foreclosed on the 30,000,000 of Collateral Security. The Collateral Security, which was in the form of restricted cash,
was presented as a contingent liability on the Company s balance sheet from March 31, 2022 until the obligation was satisfied in
October of 2022. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

Loan
Agreement with Woodford 

On
December 7, 2022, the Company entered into a loan agreement (the Loan Agreement with Woodford Eurasia Assets, Ltd. Woodford ),
pursuant to which Woodford agreed to provide the Company with up to 52.5 million, subject to certain conditions and requirements, of
which 300 thousand was received by December 31, 2022 and is owed pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement. Amounts borrowed accrue
interest at the rate of 12 per annum (or 22 per annum upon the occurrence of an event of default) and are due within 12 months of the
date of each loan. Amounts borrowed can be repaid at any time without penalty. 

Amounts
borrowed pursuant to the Loan Agreement are convertible, at Woodford s option, into shares of the Company s common stock,
beginning 60 days after the first loan date at the rate of 80 of the lowest publicly available price per share of common stock within
10 business days of the date of the Loan Agreement (which was equal to 0.28 per share), subject to a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation
and a separate limitation preventing Woodford from holding more than 19.99 of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company,
without the Company obtaining shareholder approval for such issuance. 

Conditions
to the Loan Agreement included the resignation of four prior members of the Board (Lisa Borders, Steven M. Cohen, Lawrence Anthony DiMatteo
and William Thompson, all of whom resigned from the Board in September 2022), and the appointment of two new independent directors. Subsequent
loans under the Loan Agreement also require the Company to comply with all listing requirements, unless waived by Woodford. The Loan
Agreement also allows Woodford to nominate another director to the Board of Directors, in the event any independent member of the Board
of Directors resigns. 

Proceeds
of the loans can only be used by to restart the Company s operations and for general corporate purposes agreed to by Woodford. 

The
Loan Agreement includes confidentiality obligations, representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default, which are customary
for a transaction of this size and nature. Included in the Loan Agreement are covenants prohibiting us from (a) making any loan in excess
of 1 million or obtaining any loan in amount exceeding 1 million without the consent of Woodford, which consent may not be unreasonably
withheld; (b) selling more than 1 million in assets; (c) maintaining less than enough assets to perform our obligations under the Loan
Agreement; (d) encumbering any assets, except in the normal course of business, and not in an amount to exceed 1 million; (e) amending
or restating our governing documents; (f) declaring or paying any dividend; (g) issuing any shares which negatively affects Woodford;
and (h) repurchasing any shares. 

The
Company also agreed to grant warrants to purchase shares of common stock to Woodford (the Woodford Warrants in an amount
equal to 15 of the Company s 7,619,207 issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Each Woodford Warrant has an exercise price
equal to the average of the closing price of the Company s common stock for each of the ten days prior to the first amount being
debited from the bank account of Woodford, which equates to an exercise price of 0.28 per share. In the event the Company fails to repay
the amounts borrowed when due or Woodford fails to convert the amount owed into shares, the exercise price of the warrants may be offset
by amounts owed to Woodford, and in such case, the exercise price of the warrants will be subject to a further 25 discount (i.e., will
equal 0.21 per share). 

56 

In
connection with our entry into the Loan Agreement, the Company also entered into a Loan Agreement Deed, Debenture Deed and Securitization,
with Woodford (the Security Agreement ), which provides Woodford with a first floating charge security interest over all
present and future assets of the Company in order to secure the repayment of amounts owed under the Loan Agreement. The floating charge
may be converted into a fixed charge upon the occurrence of certain events including: an event of default; if Woodford reasonably believes
that any secured property may be in jeopardy or danger of being seized or sold; or if Woodford reasonably considers that it is desirable
to protect its security interest. The floating charge may be automatically converted into a fixed charge upon the occurrence of certain
other events. The Security Agreement prohibits the Company from providing any other security interest over our assets, even if secondary
to Woodford, while the amounts borrowed under the Loan Agreement remain unpaid. 

On June 12, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment of its Loan Agreement
with Woodford (the Loan Agreement Amendment ). The Loan Agreement Amendment provides that Woodford shall henceforth be able
to convert, in whole or in part, the outstanding balance of its loan into the conversion shares at a conversion price that represents
a further 25 discount to the original conversion price of 20 . All other terms and conditions of securitization remain in full force
and effect. 

Business
Combination 

On
October 29, 2021, we consummated the Business Combination with Trident Acquisitions Corp. TDAC and after the Business
Combination described herein, the Company ), pursuant to the terms of that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated
as of February 21, 2021 (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among TDAC, Trident Merger Sub II Corp., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of TDAC Merger Sub and AutoLotto. Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, Merger Sub
merged with and into AutoLotto with AutoLotto surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of TDAC, which was renamed Lottery.com
Inc. The aggregate value of the consideration paid by TDAC to the holders of AutoLotto common stock in the Business Combination
(excluding shares that may be issued to former AutoLotto stockholders (the Sellers as earnout consideration) was approximately
 440 million, consisting of approximately 40,000,000 shares of common stock valued at 11.00 per share. In addition, the Sellers and
TDAC s founders are also entitled to receive up to 3 million and 2 million additional shares of common stock, respectively, to
the extent that certain share price targets are achieved following the Closing. 

International
Expansion 

In
June 2021, we closed the acquisition of Global Gaming, which holds 80 of the equity of each of Aganar and JuegaLotto. Aganar operates
in the licensed Online Lottery market in Mexico and is licensed to sell Mexican National Lottery draw games, instant win tickets, and
other games of chance online with access to a federally approved online casino and sportsbook gaming license. JuegaLotto is licensed
by Mexico authorities to commercialize international lottery games in Mexico through an authorized gaming portal and to commercialize
games of chance in other countries throughout Latin America. As of December 31, 2020 (the most recent date available), Latin America s
estimated lottery market was approximately 9.1 billion across 26 countries. As of December 31, 2020 (the most recent date available),
the addressable market in the countries that JuegaLotto and Aganar cover includes 664 million people and potential customers. We believe
these acquisitions will provide inroads for the Company throughout Mexico and Latin America as we expand our international operations,
expand our portfolio of products, and expose our existing products to new markets. 

Operations
Prior to Operational Cessation 

Prior
to the Operational Cessation, the Company was a provider of domestic and international lottery products and services. As an independent
third-party lottery game service, we offered a platform that we developed and operated to enable the remote purchase of legally sanctioned
lottery games in the U.S. and abroad (the Platform ). Our revenue generating activities included (i) offering the Platform
via our Lottery.com app and our websites to users located in the U.S. and international jurisdictions where the sale of lottery games
was legal and our services were enabled for the remote purchase of legally sanctioned lottery games (our B2C Platform 
(ii) offering an internally developed, created and operated business-to-business application programming interface API of the Platform, which enabled our commercial partners, in permitted U.S. and international jurisdictions, to purchase certain legally
operated lottery games from us and to resell them to users located within their respective jurisdictions B2B API and
(iii) delivering global lottery data, such as winning numbers and results, and subscriptions to data sets of our proprietary, anonymized
transaction data pursuant to multi-year contracts to commercial digital subscribers Data Service ). 

57 

Mobile
Lottery Game Platform Services 

Both
our B2C Platform and our B2B API provided users with the ability to purchase legally sanctioned draw lottery games via a mobile device
or computer, securely maintain their acquired lottery game, automatically redeem a winning lottery game, as applicable, and receive support,
if required, for the claims and redemption process. Our registration and user interfaces were designed to be easy to use, provide for
the creation of an account and purchase of a lottery game with minimum friction and without the creation of a mobile wallet or requirement
to pre-load minimum funds and - importantly - to provide instant confirmation of the user s lottery game numbers, whether selected
at random or picked by the user. Users of our B2C Platform services paid a service fee and, in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, a mark-up
on the purchase price. Prior to the Operational Cessation, we generated revenue from this service fee and mark-up. Our B2B API Platform
resumed limited operations in April 2023. As of the date of this Report, our B2C Platform is not currently operational. We anticipate
that our B2C Platform will become operational by the end of 2023. 

The
WinTogether Platform 

Prior
to the Operational Cessation, we operated and administered of all sweepstakes offered by WinTogether, a registered 501(c)(3) charitable
organization WinTogether ), which was formed in April 2020 to support charitable, educational, and scientific causes. In
consideration of our operation of the WinTogether platform and administration of the sweepstakes, we received a percentage of the gross
donations to a campaign, from which we paid certain dividends and all administration costs. 

The
WinTogether platform continued operating after the Operational Cessation, until all sweepstakes campaigns were completed and all prizes
awarded. On March 29, 2023, the board of directors of WinTogether voted to suspend its relationship with the Company. 

Current
Operations 

Despite
the Operational Cessation, certain of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries have continued to operate under the direction of
the leadership teams that were in place prior to the Company s acquisition of such companies. While the operational activities
of these subsidiaries vary, from the Operational Cessation through the date of this Report, each of TinBu, Aganar and JuegaLotto has
decreased its expenses and has had its revenue remain consistent or decrease slightly from pre-Operational Cessation levels. 

Data
Services 

In
2018, we acquired TinBu, LLC TinBu ), a digital publisher and provider of lottery data results, jackpots, results, and
other data, as a wholly-owned subsidiary. Through TinBu, our Data Service delivers daily results of over 800 domestic and international
lottery games from more than 40 countries, including the U.S., Canada, and the United Kingdom, to over 400 digital publishers and media
organizations. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We are party to pending litigation and investigations in various jurisdictions
and with various plaintiffs and we may be subject to future litigation or investigations in the operation of our business. An adverse
outcome in one or more proceedings could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations for
more information about our relationship with Tinbu. 

Our
technology pulls real time primary source data, and, in some instances, we acquire data from dedicated data feeds from the lottery authorities.
Our data is constantly monitored to ensure accuracy and timely delivery. We are not required to obtain licenses or approvals from the
lottery authorities to pull this primary source data or to acquire the data from such dedicated feeds. Commercial acquirers of our Data
Service pay a subscription for access to the Data Service and, for acquisition of certain large data sets, an additional per record fee. 

We
additionally enter into multi-year contracts pursuant to which we sell proprietary, anonymized transaction data pursuant to multi-year
agreements and in accordance with our Terms of Service in consideration of a fee and in other instances provide the Data Service within
a bundle of provided services. 

58 

Aganar
and JuegaLotto 

On
June 30, 2021, we acquired 100 of the equity of Global Gaming Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation Global Gaming ),
which holds 80 of the equity of each of Medios Electronicos y de Comunicacion, S.A.P.I de C.V. Aganar and JuegaLotto,
S.A. de C.V. JuegaLotto ). JuegaLotto is federally licensed by the Mexican regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over
the ability to commercialize lottery games in Mexico through an authorized federal gaming portal and to commercialize games of chance
in other countries throughout Latin America. Aganar has been operating in the licensed Online Lottery market in Mexico since 2007 and
has certain rights to sell Mexican National Lottery draw games, instant win tickets, and other games of chance online with access to
a federally approved online casino and sportsbook gaming license and additionally issues a proprietary scratch lottery game in Mexico
under the brand name Capalli. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We need additional capital to,
among other things, support and restart our operations, re-hire employees and pay our expenses. Such capital may not be available on commercially
acceptable terms, if at all. If we do not receive the additional capital, we may be forced to curtail or abandon our plans to recommence
our operations and we may need to permanently cease our operations for additional information. 

Sports.com 

In
December 2021, we finalized the acquisition of the domain name https://sports.com and on November 15, 2022, we formed a wholly-owned
subsidiary called Sports.com, Inc., a Texas corporation Sports.com ). Subsequently, Sports.com announced a partnership
with the Saudi Motorsports Company, which enabled the Company to roll out the Sports.com brand at the FIFA World Cup decider at the end
of November 2022. In December 2022, Sports.com signed an agreement with Data Sports Group, GmbH DSG ), which provides
Sports.com the exclusive North American distribution rights for sports data products offered and maintained by DSG (the DSG Data ).
The DSG Data is being sold through the same sales resources and sales channels as the lottery data offered by TinBu. 

Plans
for Recommencement of Company Operations 

As
noted above, since the Operational Cessation, the Company has had minimal day-to-day operations and has primarily focused its operations
on restarting certain of its core businesses. The Company has developed a three phase plan to recommence its operations, which plan is
outlined below. 

Phase
1 - Relaunch B2B API Platform . During the Operational Cessation, the Company maintained positive relationships with its ticket-printing
and courier partners, as well as several distribution partners that have been found to be in compliance with local, state, and federal
rules related to ticket procurement and distribution. These partners have implemented the Lottery.com API and have advised the Company
that they expect to be ready to offer lottery games to their customers through their sales channels when the Company resumes operations.
As such, the Company believes that it has sufficient demand to resume operation of its B2B API platform operations, assuming it is able
to maintain the core employee team to manage the lottery ticket fulfillment process and access sufficient capital to relaunch Project
Nexus, which was designed to, among other things, handle high levels of user traffic and transaction volume, while maintaining expediency,
security, and reliability in the administrative and back-office functionality required by the B2B API. Our B2B API Platform resumed limited
operations in April 2023. 

Phase
2 - Resume B2C Platform Operations. The Company believes that it will be in a position to relaunch its B2C Platform by the end of
2023. As of the date of this Report, the Company expects that it will initially relaunch its B2C Platform to customers in Texas for a
period of time before rolling it out to other jurisdictions. If the Texas Bill is enacted into law as drafted, the Company may elect
to accelerate the relaunch of its Platform to customers in another state. The Company plans to limit the rollout in order to give it
additional time to properly vet and confirm compliance with local, state and federal rules related to ticket procurement and distribution.
For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors - Regulatory and Compliance Risks - A jurisdiction may enact, amend, or reinterpret
laws and regulations governing our operations in ways that impair our revenues, cause us to incur additional legal and compliance costs
and other operating expenses, or are otherwise not favorable to our existing operations or planned growth, all of which may have a material
adverse effect on us or our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition . The Company has also maintained various
pre-paid media credits that it expects to use to launch and maintain promotional campaigns geared towards encouraging prior customers
to return to the Platform and to acquire new customers. 

Phase
3 - Restore Other Business Lines and Projects. Assuming the success of Phase 1 and Phase 2, the Company expects to restore other
products it used to offer, such as supplying lottery tickets to consumers in approved domestic jurisdictions, partnering with licensed
providers in international jurisdictions to supply legitimate domestic lottery games, and reviving other products and services that were
under development when the Operational Cessation occurred. 

59 

As
of the date of this Report, the current estimated cash balance of the Company and subsidiaries is approximately 102,766. The Company
believes that this cash on hand, along with future borrowings, will be sufficient for the Company to pay its service providers in connection
with the filings of its deficient periodic reports, including this Report and the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
three months ended March 31, 2023. 

As
of the date of this Report, our common stock and warrants are traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq under the
ticker symbols LTRY and LTRYW, respectively. As of the date of this Report, we are not in compliance with
Nasdaq s continued listing requirements (the Listing Rules ), as discussed in greater detail below under Risk
Factors - Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Warrants - We are not currently in compliance with the continued listing standards of
Nasdaq and may not be able to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards in the future , and have been
granted a limited exception from Nasdaq to continue the listing of our securities. Additionally, under its new management, the Company
continues to work to improve its disclosure and reporting controls, and plans to overhaul its systems of internal control over financial
reporting and invest in additional legal, accounting, and financial resources. 

Even
if the Company s three phase plan to recommence its operations is successful, there can be no assurance that the Company will be
able to regain compliance with the applicable Listing Rules, or that the hearings panel will continue to stay the delisting of the Company s
securities from Nasdaq. If the Company s securities are delisted from Nasdaq, it could be more difficult to buy or sell the Company s
common stock and warrants or to obtain accurate quotations, and the price of the Company s common stock and warrants could suffer
a material decline. Delisting could also impair the Company s ability to raise additional capital needed to funds its operations
and/or trigger defaults and penalties under outstanding agreements or securities of the Company. 

There
can be no assurance that we will have sufficient capital to support our operations and pay expenses, repay our debt, or that additional
funds will be available on favorable terms, if at all. We may not be able to restart our operations and/or generate sufficient funding
to support such operations in the future. The Company s ability to continue its current operations, prepare and refile deficient
and restated reports, and restart its prior operations, is dependent upon obtaining new financing. Future financing options available
to the Company include equity financings, debt financings or other capital sources, including collaborations with other companies or
other strategic transactions. Equity financings may include sales of common stock. Such financing may not be available on terms favorable
to the Company or at all. The terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or rights of the Company s stockholders
and may cause significant dilution to existing stockholders. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining
sufficient funding on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all, which would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial
condition and results of operations, and it could ultimately be forced to discontinue its operations and liquidate. These matters, when
considered in the aggregate, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable
period of time, which is defined as within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The accompanying financial
statements do not contain any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Performance
Measures 

In
managing our business and assessing financial performance, we supplement the information provided by our financial statements with other
operating metrics. We use these metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate
projections and make strategic decisions. The primary operating metrics we use are: 

transactions
 per user; 

tickets
 per transaction; 

gross
 revenue per transaction; 

gross
 profit per transaction; and 

gross
 margin per transaction. 

60 

These
metrics help enable us to evaluate pricing, cost and customer profitability. We believe it is useful to provide investors with the same
metrics that we use internally to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our operating results and
evaluate our business. These metrics track our B2C business and exclude users who were referred by an affiliate or who made purchases
through an API partner. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Transactions Per User 
 6.86 
 17.18 
 
 Tickets Per Transaction 
 2.92 
 3.91 
 
 Gross Revenue Per Transaction 
 6.99 
 9.66 
 
 Gross Profit Per Transaction 
 1.36 
 1.57 
 
 Gross Margin per Transaction 
 19.4 
 16.29 

Transactions
Per User 

Transactions
per user is the average number of individual transactions per user in a given period. An individual transaction is defined as the placement
of an order by a user on our Platform. We use this measure to determine the overall performance of our products on a per user basis.
When considered with the other operating metrics, transactions per user provides insight into user stickiness and buying patterns and
is a useful tool to identify our most active users, which enables us to deploy more targeted marketing and other strategic initiatives.
This metric also gives us the ability to categorize users based on their performance and determine where to expend marketing and/or operational
resources. Transactions per user may be subject to variables that are outside of our control, for instance the size and popularity of
a particular lottery game. 

Tickets
Per Transaction 

Tickets
per transaction is the average number of lottery game tickets purchased by a user per transaction. We use this measure to analyze the
impact of product performance with our customers on the number of tickets sold in one transaction. We believe this metric is useful for
our investors because it gives insight into the buying habits of our users. Similar to transactions per user, tickets per transaction
may be subject to variables that are outside of our control, for instance the size and popularity of a particular lottery game. 

Gross
Revenue Per Transaction 

Gross
revenue per transaction is the average gross amount of revenue per transaction. We use this measure to determine how our top line revenue
is performing on a per transaction basis, which helps us to identify and evaluate pricing trends. We believe this metric is useful for
our investors because it provides insight into our revenue growth potential on a per transaction basis. 

Gross
Profit Per Transaction 

Gross
profit per transaction is our average gross profit per transaction, calculated as gross revenue less the cost of the lottery game ticket
and any processing fees, including labor, printing and payment processing, per transaction. We believe this metric to be useful to evaluate
and analyze our costs and fee structure across product offerings and user cohorts, and additionally, helps our investors because it provides
insight into our profit growth potential on a per transaction basis. 

Gross
Margin Per Transaction 

Gross
margin per transaction is calculated by dividing gross profit per transaction by gross revenue per transaction. We consider this metric
to be a measure of overall performance that provides useful information about the profitability of our B2C Platform and B2B API businesses. 

61 

Components
of Our Results of Operations (Prior to the Operational Cessation) 

Our
Revenue 

Revenue
from B2C Platform. Our revenue is the retail value of the acquired lottery game and the service fee charged to the user, which we
impose on each lottery game purchased from our B2C Platform. The amount of the service fee is based upon several factors, including the
retail value of the lottery game purchased by a user, the number of lottery games purchased by a user, and whether such user is located
within the U.S. or internationally. Currently, in the U.S, the minimum service fee is 0.50 for the purchase of a 1 lottery game and
 1 for the purchase of a 2 lottery game; the service fee for additional lottery games purchased in the same transaction is 6 of the
face value of all lottery games purchased. For example, the service fee for the purchase of five 2 tickets is 1.60, being the 1 base
service fee, plus 6 of the aggregate value of the face value of all lottery games purchased. 

Internationally,
B2C sales in jurisdictions where we do not have direct or indirect authority generate an immaterial amount of revenue, and we are assessing
our operations in these jurisdictions. As discussed above, our B2C Platform is not currently operational. We anticipate that our B2C
Platform will become operational by the end of 2023. 

Revenue
from B2B API. Together with our third-party commercial partner, we agree on the amount of the technology usage fee to be imposed
on the sale of each lottery game purchased through the B2B API, if any, together with a service fee to be charged to the user; we receive
up to 50 of the net revenues from such technology usage fee and service fee pursuant to our commercial agreement with each commercial
partner. As discussed above, following the Operational Cessation, our B2B API Platform resumed limited operations in April 2023. 

Data
Services. Commercial acquirers of our Data Service pay a subscription for access to the Data Service and, for acquisition of certain
large data sets, an additional per record fee. The Company additionally enters into multi-year contracts pursuant to which it sells proprietary,
anonymized transaction data pursuant to multi-year agreements and in accordance with our Terms of Service in consideration of a fee.
Our Data Services operations were not impacted by the Operational Cessation. 

Our
Operating Costs and Expenses 

Personnel
Costs. Personnel costs include salaries, payroll taxes, health insurance, worker s compensation and other benefits for management
and office personnel. 

Professional
Fees. Professional fees include fees paid for legal and financial advisors, accountants and other professionals related to the Business
Combination and other transactions. 

General
and Administrative. General and administrative expenses include marketing and advertising, expenses, office and facilities lease
payments, travel expenses, bank fees, software dues and subscriptions, expensed research and development R D costs
and other fees and expenses. 

Depreciation
and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses include depreciation and amortization expenses on real property and other
assets. 

62 

Key
Trends and Factors Affecting Our Results 

The
following describes the trends associated with our business prior to the Operational Cessation that have impacted, and which we expect
will continue to impact, our business and results of operations in a material way: 

International
operations . We face challenges related to expanding our footprint globally and the related process of obtaining the licenses and
regulatory approvals necessary to provide services and products within new and emerging markets. The international jurisdictions where
we operate and seek to expand have been subject to increasing foreign currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar, soaring inflation
and political and economic instability. We expect these trends to continue during fiscal 2023 and believe they are likely to cause a
material decrease in consumer spending, which could have a material impact on our revenues. We expect that it will take a longer period
of time to achieve revenue gains or generate cash in the new regions or any new international jurisdictions in which we expand, outside
of our domestic geographies. 

Introduction
of a new gaming platform . We have developed a proprietary, blockchain-enabled gaming platform, which we have named Project Nexus.
Project Nexus is designed to handle high levels of user traffic and transaction volume, while maintaining expediency, security, and reliability
in processing lottery game sales, the retail requirements of the B2C Platform, the administrative and back-office functionality required
by the B2B API, and the claims and redemption process. We expect to utilize this platform to launch new products, including any proprietary
products we may introduce. The introduction of new technology like Project Nexus is subject to risks including, for example, implementation
delays, issues successfully integrating the technology into our solutions, or the possibility that the technology does not produce the
expected benefits. 

Our
growth plans and the competitive landscape. Our direct competitors operate in the global entertainment and gaming industries and,
like us, seek to expand their product and service offerings with integrated products and solutions. Our short-to-medium term focus is
on increasing our penetration in our existing U.S. jurisdiction by increasing direct to consumer marketing campaigns, introducing our
B2C Platform into new U.S. and international jurisdictions and acquiring synergistic regulated and sports betting enterprises domestically
and abroad. Competition in the sale of online lottery games has significantly increased in recent years, is currently characterized by
intense price-based competition, and is subject to changing technology, shifting needs and frequent introductions of new games, development
platforms and services. To maintain our competitive edge alongside other established industry players (many of which have more resources,
or capital), we expect to incur greater operating expenses in the short-term, such as increased marketing expenses, increased compliance
expenses, increased personnel and advisory expenses associated with being a public company, additional operational expenses and salaries
for personnel to support expected growth, additional expenses associated with our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives including
our aim to undertake merger and acquisition activities, as well as additional capital expenditures associated with the ongoing development
and implementation of Project Nexus. 

Current
Plan of Operations 

As
of the date of this Report, the Company s primary revenue drivers are the resumption of its B2B API platform and the launch of
Sports.com. It is anticipated that operational costs for the next 12 months through April 30, 2024 will be greater than revenues. It
is anticipated that the liquidity gap will be satisfied by equity or debt raised, of which there is no assurance. We anticipate that
our B2C Platform will become operational by the end of 2023. 

Beyond
the next 12 months, the Company plans to continue to expand in domestic and international jurisdictions. The Company plans to enhance
its mobile application to include pool plays, tickets subscriptions, loyalty programs and various gamification modules. 

63 

Results
of Operations 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include
adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
we be unable to continue in operation. We will require additional capital to meet our long-term operating requirements. We expect
to raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity or debt securities. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

Revenue 
 6,779,057 
 16,409,922 
 (9,630,865 
 -59 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 4,310,750 
 8,158,707 
 (3,847,957 
 -47 
 
 Gross profit 
 2,468,307 
 8,251,215 
 (5,782,908 
 -70 

Operating expenses: 

Personnel costs 
 37,114,485 
 20,536,328 
 16,578,157 
 81 
 
 Professional fees 
 6,613,546 
 8,279,798 
 (1,666,252 
 -20 
 
 General and administrative 
 8,931,681 
 5,020,495 
 3,911,186 
 78 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 5,601,374 
 4,292,606 
 1,308,768 
 30 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 58,261,086 
 38,129,227 
 20,131,859 
 53 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (55,792,779 
 (29,878,012 
 (25,914,767 
 87 

Other expenses 

Interest expense 
 764,839 
 19,789,451 
 (19,024,612 
 -96 
 
 Other expense 
 3,721,291 
 2,907,518 
 813,773 
 28 
 
 Total other expenses, net 
 4,486,130 
 22,696,969 
 (18,210,839 
 -80 

Net loss before income tax 
 (60,278,909 
 (54,574,981 
 (5,703,928 
 10 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 104,356 
 (1,664,335 
 1,768,691 
 100 
 
 Net loss 
 (60,383,265 
 (52,910,646 
 (7,472,619 
 14 

Revenues 

Revenue.
 Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6.8 million, a decrease of 9.6 million, or (59.1 ), compared to revenue of 16.4
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in revenue was driven by a decrease in services provided to business partners
in 2021 which was not reoccurring. 

Cost of Revenue. Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was
 4.3 million, a decrease of 3.8 million, or (47 ), compared to cost of revenue of 8.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The decrease in the cost of revenue was driven by the decrease in the number of lottery games sold in 2022. Cost of revenue includes product
costs, commission expense to affiliates and commercial partners, and merchant processing fees. 

Gross
Profit. Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.5 million, compared to 8.3million for the year ended December 31,
2021, a decrease of 5.8 million, or (70 ). This decrease was due primarily to the decrease in revenue partially offset by the decrease
in commissions expense. 

64 

Operating
Costs and Expenses 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

Operating expenses: 

Personnel costs 
 37,114,485 
 20,536,328 
 16,578,157 
 81 
 
 Professional fees 
 6,613,546 
 8,279,798 
 (1,666,252 
 (20 
 
 General and administrative 
 8,931,681 
 5,020,495 
 3,911,186 
 78 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 5,601,374 
 4,292,606 
 1,308,768 
 30 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 58,261,086 
 38,129,227 
 20,131,859 
 53 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 58.3 million, an increase of 20.1 million, or 53 , compared to 38.1 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by increased administrative expenses associated with the Business
Combination, increased stock compensation expense, increased headcount to support the Company s growth, increased marketing spends
resulting from the use of Gatehouse Media credits, which we received several years ago in exchange for warrants, and increased amortization
expenses driven by acquisitions made during the 2022 fiscal year. 

Personnel
Costs. Personnel costs increased by 16.6 million, or 81 , from 20.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 37.1 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was due primarily to increases in stock compensation expense of 13.5 million. 

Professional
Fees. Professional fees decreased by 1.7 million, or (20.0 from 8.3 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 6.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was driven by legal and professional
fees associated with the Business Combination in 2021. 

General
and Administrative. General and administrative expenses increased 3.9 million, or 78 , from 3.9 million for the year ended December
31, 2021 to 8.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Expenses for D O and E O coverage in connection with being a public
company were 2.5 million higher in 2022. Advertising expenses increased by 732 thousand, expenses for SaaS software used to operate
the business increased by 158 thousand, and product development expenses were 179 thousand higher in 2022 than in 2021. Additionally
an expense of 412,500 was recorded for the impairment of an intangible asset that had been recorded for a software application, which
was being developed for a use with a partner, that the company determined will not be completed or put into its intended purpose as the
relationship with that partner ended in the fall of 2022. 

Depreciation
and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization increased 1.3 million, or 30 , from 4.3 million for the year ended December 31,
2021 to 5.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was driven by amortization of intangibles acquired in 2021 and
placed in service during 2022. 

Other
Expense, Net 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Other expenses 

Interest expense 
 764,839 
 19,789,451 
 (19,024,612 
 -96 
 
 Other expense 
 3,721,291 
 2,907,518 
 813,773 
 28 
 
 Total other expenses, net 
 4,486,130 
 22,696,969 
 (18,210,839 
 -80 

Interest
Expense. Interest expense decreased by 19 million, or (96 ), for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 19.8 million to 764 thousand
as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease relates to interest on convertible debt in 2021 which did not occur in
2022 following conversion of the notes in connection with the business combination on October 29, 2021. 

Other
Expense. Other expense increased by 0.8 million, or 28 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December
31, 2021 from 2.9 million to 3.7 million. This increase was driven primarily by a discount on asset with periodic payments of 3.5
million, partially offset by a decrease in royalties expense of 1.9 million and a decrease of other expenses of 800 thousand. 

65 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Prior
to the Operational Cessation, our primary need for liquidity was to fund working capital requirements of our business, growth, capital
expenditures and for general corporate purposes. Our primary source of liquidity had historically been funds generated by financing activities.
Upon the Closing on October 29, 2021, we received net proceeds of approximately 42.8 million in cash. 

Following the Operational Cessation, our primary need for liquidity has
been to fund the restart of our business operations, re-hire employees and pay our expenses. The most likely source of such future funding
presently available to us is through additional borrowings under the Loan Agreement or through the issuance of equity or debt securities.
If Woodford does not advance us amounts owed under the Loan Agreement or we are otherwise not able to secure the necessary capital to
restart our operations, hire new employees, and obtain funding sufficient to support and restart our operations, we may be forced to permanently
cease our operations, sell off our assets and operations, and/or seek bankruptcy protection, which could cause the value of our securities
to become worthless. 

These
conditions, along with our current lack of material revenue producing activities, and significant debt, raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months. For more information, see Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies,
Going Concern to the consolidated financial statements included herein, as well as the risk factors included in Item 1A of this Report
entitled In July 2022, we furloughed the majority of our employees and suspended our lottery game sales operations after determining
that we did not have sufficient financial sources to fund our operations or pay certain existing obligations, including our payroll and
related obligations. As a result, we may not be able to continue as a going concern and We need additional capital
to, among other things, support and restart our operations, re-hire employees and pay our expenses. Such capital may not be available
on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If we do not receive the additional capital, we may be forced to curtail or abandon our
plans to recommence our operations and we may need to permanently cease our operations. 

Convertible
Debt Obligations 

Prior
to the Closing, we funded our operations through the issuance of convertible promissory notes. 

From
August to October 2017, the Company entered into seven Convertible Promissory Note Agreements with unaffiliated investors for an aggregate
amount of 821,500. The notes bore interest at 10 per year, were unsecured, and were due and payable on June 30, 2019. The Company and
the noteholders executed amendments in February 2021 to extend the maturity date to December 21, 2021. 

From
November 2019 through October 28, 2021, we issued approximately 48.2 million in aggregate principal amount of Series B convertible promissory
notes. The notes bear interest at 8 per year, were unsecured, and were due and payable on dates ranging from December 2020 to December
2022. For those promissory notes that would have matured on or before December 31, 2020, the parties extended the maturity date to December
21, 2021 through amendments executed in February 2021. The amendments also allowed for automatic conversion to equity as a result of
the Business Combination. Nearly all of the aforementioned promissory notes automatically converted into shares of Common Stock or were
terminated pursuant to their terms, as applicable, in connection with the Closing. Those that remain outstanding do not have conversion
terms that were triggered by the Closing. 

Immediately
prior to the Closing, approximately 60.0 million of convertible debt was converted into equity of AutoLotto. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 1,256,595 of convertible debt outstanding. 

See
 - Recent Developments- Loan Agreement with Woodford above for additional information on the terms of the Loan Agreement. 

66 

Cash
Flows 

Net cash used by operating activities was 31.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to net cash used by operating activities of 23.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Factors affecting
changes in operating cash flows were interest and stock-based compensation expense along with increased expenses for personnel costs,
and sales and marketing activities in 2022 as compared to 2021. Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31,
2022 was 1.3 million, compared to 13.9 million for the prior year. The increase was primarily the result of the acquisition of the sports.com
domain name as well as the acquisition of Global Gaming completed on June 30, 2021. Net cash provided by financing activities was 16
thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 59.0 million for the year ended December 30, 2021. The increase was primarily
due to the issuance of debt and proceeds from the Business Combination offset by repayments during 2021. 

Changes
in or Adoption of Accounting Practices 

The
following U.S. GAAP standards have been recently issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB ). We are
in the process of assessing the impact of these new standards on future consolidated financial statements. Pronouncements that are not
applicable or where it has been determined do not have a significant impact on the Company have been excluded herein. 

ASC
606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers 

Between
May 2014 and December 2016, the FASB issued several Accounting Standards Updates ASUs s on ASC 606, which updates
superseded nearly all previous revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle is to recognize revenues when promised
goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled
for those goods or services. A five-step process has been defined to achieve this core principle, and, in doing so, more judgment and
estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP. The standards are effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 using either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach
reflecting the application of the standards in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients; or
(ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting the standards recognized at the date of adoption (which
includes additional footnote disclosures). The Company adopted these standards effective on January 1, 2018, and management concluded
the adoption of this standard did not result in any financial statement impacts or changes to revenue recognition policies or processes
as revenue is primarily derived from arrangements in which the transfer of control coincides with the fulfillment of performance obligations. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP. Certain of our accounting policies require that management apply significant
judgments and estimates in defining the appropriate assumptions integral to financial estimates. Judgments are based on historical experience
and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, such as terms of contracts, industry trends and information
available from outside sources, as appropriate. However, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty,
and therefore actual results could differ from our estimates. We have applied significant estimates and assumptions related to the following: 

67 

Revenue
and Cost Recognition 

Revenue 

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASC 606 ), amending revenue recognition guidance and requiring a more
structured approach to measuring and recognizing revenue as well as provide more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements
to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The amended
guidance is effective for accounting periods commencing on or after January 1, 2018. 

We
have applied ASC 606 to all revenue contracts. The core principle of ASC 606 is that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in
exchange for those goods or services. Revenues are generally recognized upon the transfer of control of promised products provided to
our users, customers and subscribers, reflecting the amount of consideration we expect to receive for those products. We enter into contracts
that can include various products, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations.
Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from users, commercial partners and subscribers, which are subsequently remitted to
governmental authorities. The revenue recognition policy is consistent for sales generated directly with users and sales generated indirectly
through affiliates, other solution partners, and our commercial partners. 

Revenues
are recognized upon the application of the following steps: 

1. 
 Identification of a contract or contracts with a user, customer
or subscriber; 

2. 
 Identification of performance obligation(s) in the contract; 

3. 
 Determination of the transaction price; 

4. 
 Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations
in the contract; and 

5. 
 Recognition of revenue when, or as, the performance obligation
is satisfied. 

Contracts
with users and customers for lottery game sales are at the point of sale and may include transfer of multiple products to a user or a
customer and generally do not require future obligations. In these situations, the Company generally considers each transferred product
as a separate performance obligation. The Company also has contracts with subscribers for the continued delivery of lottery and anonymized
transaction data over a defined period of time. In accounting for these contracts, the Company generally considers each set of data as
a separate performance obligation and recognizes revenue on their delivery ratably over the service period of the agreement. The Company s
products are sold without a right of return or refund; the Company s terms of service and contracts generally include specific
language that disclaims any warranties. 

In
addition, the Company s performance obligation in agreements with certain third parties is to transfer previously acquired Affiliate
Marketing Credits. The payment for these credits by the third parties is priced on a per-contract basis. The performance obligation in
these agreements is to provide title rights of the previously acquired credits to the third party. This transfer is point-in-time when
the revenue is recognized, and there are no variable considerations related to this performance obligation. 

Income
Taxes 

For
both financial accounting and tax reporting purposes, the Company reports income and expenses based on the accrual method of accounting. 

For
federal and state income tax purposes, the Company reports income or loss from their investments in limited liability companies on the
consolidated income tax returns. As such, all taxable income and available tax credits are passed from the limited liability companies
to the individual members. It is the responsibility of the individual members to report the taxable income and tax credits, and to pay
any resulting income taxes. Therefore, in relation to the income and losses incurred by the limited liability companies, they have been
consolidated in the Company s tax return and provision based upon its relative ownership. 

Income
taxes are accounted for in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), using the asset and liability
method. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided for those deferred
tax assets for which it is more likely than not that the related benefit will not be realized. 

68 

The
Company records uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of a two-step process in which (i) the Company determines
whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position; and
(ii) for those tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax
benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. The Company s
policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes as a component of income tax expense or benefit.
To date, there have been no interest or penalties charged in relation to the unrecognized tax benefits. 

Generally,
the taxing authorities can audit the previous three years of tax returns and in certain situations audit additional years. For federal
tax purposes, the Company s 2018 through 2020 tax years generally remain open for examination by the tax authorities under the
normal three-year statute of limitations. For state tax purposes, the Company s 2018 through 2020 tax years remain open for examination
by the tax authorities under the normal four-year statute of limitations. 

Business
combination 

In
a business combination, substantially all identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired are recorded at the date
of acquisition at their respective fair values. One of the most significant areas of judgment and estimation relates to the determination
of the fair value of these assets and liabilities, including the fair value of contingent consideration, if applicable. If any intangible
assets are identified, depending on the type of intangible asset and the complexity of determining its fair value, an independent external
valuation expert may develop the fair value, using appropriate valuation techniques, which are generally based on a forecast of the total
expected future net cash flows. These valuations are linked closely to the assumptions made by our management regarding the future performance
of the assets concerned and any changes in the discount rate applied. 

Fair
value of financial assets and financial liabilities 

Fair
value of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the consolidated statements of financial position, which cannot be derived
from active markets, is determined using a variety of techniques including the use of valuation models. The inputs to these models are
derived from observable market data where possible, but where observable market data is not available, judgment is required to establish
fair values. Judgment includes, but is not limited to, consideration of model inputs such as volatility, estimated life and discount
rates. 

Fair
value of stock options and warrants 

We
use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to calculate the fair value of stock options and warrants. Use of this method requires management
to make assumptions and estimates about the expected life of options and warrants, anticipated forfeitures, the risk-free rate, and the
volatility of our share price. In making these assumptions and estimates, management relies on historical market data. 

Estimated
useful lives, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and amortization of intangible assets 

Depreciation
of property, plant and equipment and amortization of intangible assets is dependent upon estimates of useful lives based on management s
judgment. The assessment of any impairment of these assets is dependent upon estimates of recoverable amounts that consider factors such
as economic and market conditions and the useful lives of assets. 

69 

Goodwill
and intangible assets 

Goodwill
and indefinite life intangible asset impairment testing require us to make estimates in the impairment testing model. On an annual basis,
we test whether goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are impaired. Impairment is influenced by judgment in defining a cash-generating
unit CGU and determining the indicators of impairment, and estimates used to measure impairment losses. The recoverable
amount is the greater of value in use and fair value less costs to sell. The recoverable value of goodwill, indefinite and definite long-lived
assets is determined using discounted future cash flow models, which incorporate assumptions regarding projected future cash flows and
capital investment, growth rates and discount rates. 

Deferred
Tax Asset and Valuation Allowance 

Accounting
for deferred tax assets, including those arising from tax loss carry-forwards, requires management to assess the likelihood that we will
generate sufficient taxable earnings in future periods in order to utilize recognized deferred tax assets. Assumptions about the generation
of future taxable profits depend on management s estimates of future cash flows. In addition, future changes in tax laws could
limit our ability to obtain tax deductions in future periods. To the extent that future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly
from estimates, the ability of the Company to realize the net deferred tax assets recorded at the reporting date could be impacted. 

Emerging
Growth Company Accounting Election 

Section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can choose not to take advantage of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies, and any such election to not take advantage of the extended transition period is irrevocable. We are an emerging growth
company as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and have elected to take advantage of the benefits
of this extended transition period. We expect to remain an emerging growth company through the end of the 2023 fiscal year and we expect
to continue to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period. This may make it difficult or impossible to compare
the financial results with the financial results of another public company that is either not an emerging growth company or is an emerging
growth company that has chosen not to take advantage of the extended transition period exemptions for emerging growth companies because
of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Item
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company 
as defined by Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. 

70 

Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Report of Yusufali Associates, LLC, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:3313) 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (as restated) 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (as restated) 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (as restated) 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (as restated) 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (as restated) 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

F- 2 

Headquarters Address: 55 Addison Drive, Short Hills, 07078 

F- 3 

LOTTERY.COM
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Notes receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Investments 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Other long term assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Trade payables 

Deferred revenue 

Notes payable - current 

Accrued interest 

Accrued and other expenses 

Other liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Convertible debt, net - non current 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other long term liabilities 
 - 

Total long-term liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Equity 

Controlling Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred Stock, par value , shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value , shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Lottery.com Inc. stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total Equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LOTTERY.COM
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Personnel costs 

Professional fees 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expenses 

Interest expense 

Reserve loss of prepaid advertising credits 
 - 

Other expense 

Total other expenses, net 

Net loss before income tax 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net 

Comprehensive loss 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable to Lottery.com Inc. 

Net loss per common share 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LOTTERY.COM
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2021 and 2020 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Interest 

Common Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated
 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Total
 AutoLotto Inc. Stockholders 
 Noncontrolling
 
 Total Stockholder s

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon stock option exercise 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon warrant exercise 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Effect of reverse capitalization, net 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of convertible debt 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in business acquisition 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature on notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of digital securities 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Minority interest in business acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Beginning Balance 

Issuance of common stock upon stock option exercise 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock for legal settlement 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Ending Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LOTTERY.COM
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities 

Net loss attributable to Lottery.com Inc. 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash interest expense 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Forgiveness of PPP Loan 
 - 

Loss on impairment of intangibles 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Issuance of common stock for legal settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of debt to pay expenses 
 - 

Income tax valuation allowance 
 - 

Other non-cash items, net 
 - 

Changes in assets liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Notes Receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Other current assets 

Trade payables 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued interest 

Accrued and other expenses 

Other liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Other long term assets 
 
 - 
 
 Other long term liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flow from investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Purchases of intangible assets 

Investment in subsidiary, net 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flow from financing activities 

Issuance of digital securities 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of options and warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 
 - 

Proceeds from reverse recapitalization 
 - 

Payment of debt issuance costs 
 - 

Payments on notes payable - related parties 

Principal payments on debt 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net change in net cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Interest paid in cash 

Taxes paid in cash 
 - 

Non cash investing and financing activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion of convertible debt into common stock 
 - 

Capitalization of interest from loan extinguishment 
 - 

Purchase of intangible assets through the issuance of convertible debt 
 - 

Issuance of convertible debt in exchange for outstanding liabilities 
 - 

Issuance of convertible debt in exchange for notes payable 
 - 

Common stock issued as part of acquisition 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature on notes payable 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

LOTTERY.COM
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and working capital of approximately
 million at December 31, 2022. For the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company sustained a net loss of million. The Company
sustained a loss from operations of million and million for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Subsequently,
the Company sustained additional operating losses and anticipates additional operating losses for the next twelve months. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company has historically funded its activities almost exclusively from debt and equity financing. Management s plans in
order to meet its operating cash flow requirements include financing activities such as private placements of its common stock, preferred
stock offerings, and issuances of debt and convertible debt. Although Management believes that it will be able to continue to raise funds
by sale of its securities to provide the additional cash needed to meet the Company s obligations as they become due beginning
with a loan agreement the Company entered into with Woodford Eurasia Assets, Ltd. Woodford on December 7, 2022 (see Subsequent
Events), the Plans for Recommencement of Company Operations to require substantial funds to implement and there is no assurance that
the Company will be able to continue raising the required capital. 

The
Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements depends
on its ability to execute its business plan, increase revenue, and reduce expenditures. Such conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
determined that our Chief Financial Officer is the Chief Operating Decision Maker and he uses financial information, business prospects,
competitive factors, operating results and other non-U.S. GAAP financial ratios to evaluate our performance, which is the same basis
on which our results and performance are communicated to our Board of Directors. Based on the information described above and in accordance
with the applicable literature, management has concluded that we are organized and operated as one operating and reportable segment on
a consolidated basis for each of the periods presented. 

at April 30, 2023 are held
in foreign banks. Management believes the risk of loss in connection with these accounts is minimal. 

marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

The Company had no marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022, the
restricted cash balance was 0 as the bank took the collateral in the restricted account during October of 2022 in order to satisfy the
amount owed under the Line of Credit. (See Subsequent Events - In January of 2022, the Company pledged 30,000,000 for a line of credit
which was subsequently claimed for settlement of such line of credit). 

of prepaid advertising credits in future periods. The current portion of prepaid expenses is included
in current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company has remaining prepaid expenses of 
 and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

shares of Class A-1 common stock of a third party business development partner representing
 of the total outstanding shares of the company. As this investment resulted in less than ownership, it was accounted for using
the cost basis method. 

. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated
useful life of the asset. Routine maintenance and repair costs are expensed as incurred. The costs of major additions, replacements and
improvements are capitalized. Gains and losses realized on the sale or disposal of property and equipment are recognized or charged to
other expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 

years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 years 
 
 Software 
 years 

Other
associated revenue 

The
Company s performance obligations in agreements with certain customers are to provide a license of intellectual property related
to the use of the Company s tradename for marketing purposes by partners of the Company. Customers pay a license fee up front.
The transaction price is deemed to be the license issue fee stated in the contract. The license offered by the Company represents a symbolic
license which provides the customer with the right to use the Company s intellectual property on an ongoing basis with continued
support throughout the term of the contract in the form of ongoing maintenance of the underlying intellectual property. There is no variable
consideration related to these performance obligations. 

Arrangements
with multiple performance obligations 

The
Company s contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements, management allocates revenue
to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. Management generally determines standalone selling prices
based on the prices charged to customers. 

Deferred
Revenue 

The
Company records deferred revenue when cash payments are received or due in advance of any performance, including amounts which are refundable. 

Payment
terms vary by the type and location of the customer and the products or services offered. The term between invoicing and when payment
is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customer types, management requires payment before the products or services
are delivered to the customer. 

Contract
Assets 

Given
the nature of the Company s services and contracts, it has no contract assets. 

Taxes 

Taxes
assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transactions, that are collected
by us from a customer, are excluded from revenue. 

and , respectively. 

. The Company s
policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes as a component of income tax expense or benefit.
To date, there have been no interest or penalties charged in relation to the unrecognized tax benefits. 

Generally,
the taxing authorities can audit the previous of tax returns and in certain situations audit additional years. For federal
tax purposes, the Company s 2018 through 2022 tax years generally remain open for examination by the tax authorities under the
normal three-year statute of limitations. For state tax purposes, the Company s 2017 through 2022 tax years remain open for examination
by the tax authorities under the normal four-year statute of limitations. 

The
classification of an asset or liability in the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement
of fair value. 

shares (the Exchange Ratio of Lottery.com. common stock. 

The
Merger closing was a triggering event for the Series B convertible notes, of which million was converted into shares
of AutoLotto that were then converted into shares of Lottery.com common stock using the Exchange Ratio. 

At
the Closing, each option to purchase AutoLotto s common stock, whether vested or unvested, was assumed and converted into an option
to purchase a number of shares of Lottery.com common stock in the manner set forth in the Merger Agreement. 

The
Company accounted for the Business Combination as a reverse recapitalization whereby AutoLotto was determined as the accounting acquirer
and TDAC as the accounting acquiree. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further details. Accordingly,
the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of AutoLotto issuing stock for the net assets of TDAC, accompanied by a recapitalization.
The net assets of TDAC are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes reflect the historical results of AutoLotto prior to the merger and
do not include the historical results of TDAC prior to the consummation of Business Combination. 

Upon
the closing of the transaction, AutoLotto received total gross proceeds of approximately , from TDAC s trust and operating
accounts. Total transaction costs were approximately , which principally consisted of advisory, legal and other professional
fees and were recorded in additional paid in capital. Cumulative debt repayments of approximately , inclusive of accrued but
unpaid interest, were paid in conjunction with the close, which included approximately repayment of notes payable to related
parties, and approximately payment of accrued underwriter fees. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the holders of issued and outstanding shares of AutoLotto immediately prior to the
Closing (the Sellers were entitled to receive up to additional shares of Common Stock (the Seller Earnout
Shares and Vadim Komissarov, Ilya Ponomarev and Marat Rosenberg (collectively the TDAC Founders were also entitled
to receive up to additional shares of Common Stock (the TDAC Founder Earnout Shares and, together with the Seller
Earnout Shares, the Earnout Shares ). One of the earnout criteria had not been met by the December 31, 2021 deadline thus
no earnout shares were granted specific to that criteria. As of December 31, 2021, of the Seller Earnout Shares and 
TDAC Founder Earnout Shares were still eligible Earnout Shares until December 31, 2022. 

Global
Gaming Acquisition 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of percent of equity of Global Gaming Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation Global Gaming ), which holds of the equity of each of Medios Electronicos y de Comunicacion, S.A.P.I de C.V. Aganar and JuegaLotto, S.A. de C.V. JuegaLotto ). JuegaLotto is federally licensed by the Mexico regulatory authorities with jurisdiction
over the ability to sell international lottery games in Mexico through an authorized federal gaming portal and is licensed for games
of chance in other countries throughout Latin America. Aganar has been operating in the licensed iLottery market in Mexico since 2007
and is licensed to sell Mexican National Lottery draw games, instant win tickets, and other games of chance online with access to a federally
approved online casino and sportsbook gaming license and additionally issues a proprietary scratch lottery game in Mexico under the brand
name Capalli. The opening balance of the acquirees have been included in our consolidated balance sheet since the date of the acquisition.
Since the acquirees financial statements were denominated in Mexican pesos, the exchange rate of pesos per dollar was
used to translate the balances. 

The
net purchase price was allocated to the assets and liabilities acquired as per the table below. Goodwill represents the future economic
benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. The fair values of the
acquired intangible assets were determined using Level 3 inputs which were not observable in the market. 

The
total purchase price of , consisting of cash of and shares of common stock of AutoLotto at per share.
The total consideration transferred was approximately , reflecting the purchase price, net of cash on hand at Global Gaming
and the principal amount of certain loans acquired. The purchase price is for an ownership interest and is therefore grossed up to
 to reflect the minority interest in the acquirees. The purchase price was allocated to the identified tangible and
intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date as follows: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaids 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets, net 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Customer deposits 

Related party loan 

Total liabilities 

Total net assets of Acquirees 

Goodwill
recognized in connection with the acquisition - is primarily attributed to an anticipated growing lottery market in Mexico that are
expected to be achieved from the integration of these Mexican entities. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income
tax purposes. 

Gaming licensees 

Trade names and trademarks 

Technology 

Total Intangibles 

Furniture and fixtures 

Software 

Property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. 

years 

Trade name 
 years 

Technology 
 years 

Software agreements 
 years 

Gaming license 
 years 

Internally developed software 
 - years 

Domain name 
 years 

Amortization
expense with respect to intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively,
which is included in depreciation and amortization in the Statements of Operations. The Company determined that there was an impairment
of long-lived assets of during the year ended December 31, 2022, as it relates to a project no longer being pursued by the Company. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

The
Company had software development costs of and related to projects not placed in service as of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, respectively, which is included in intangible assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Amortization
will be calculated using the straight-line method over the appropriate estimated useful life when the assets are put into service. 

that matured in March 2021. The Company used the fair value of the Secured Convertible Note
to value the debt instrument issued. In March 2021, the Secured Convertible Note was fully converted into shares of the Company s
common stock (see Note 8). 

Series
A Notes 

From
August to October 2017, the Company entered into seven Convertible Promissory Note Agreements with unaffiliated investors for an
aggregate amount of .
The notes bear interest at 
per year, are unsecured, and were due and payable on June 30, 2019. The parties have verbally agreed to extend the maturity of the
notes to . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance due on these notes was 
and ,
respectively. The Company cannot prepay the loan without consent from the noteholders. As of December 31, 2021, there were no
Qualified Financing events, that trigger conversion, this included the TDAC combination. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining
outstanding balance of 
relates to notes that are no longer convertible and have been reclassified to Notes Payable as per the agreement. Accrued interest
on the Series A notes payable was 
at December 31, 2022. 

Series
B Notes 

From
November 2018 to December 2020, the Company entered into multiple Convertible Promissory Note agreements with unaffiliated investors
for an aggregate amount of . The notes bear interest at per year, are unsecured, and were due and payable on dates ranging
from December 2020 to December 2021. For those notes maturing on or before December 31, 2020, the parties entered into amendments in
February 2021 to extend the maturity of the notes to . The Company cannot prepay the loans without consent from the noteholders. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into multiple Convertible Promissory Note agreements with unaffiliated investors
for an aggregate amount of . The notes bear interest at per year, are unsecured, and are due and payable on dates ranging
from December 2021 to December 2022. The Company cannot prepay these loans without consent from the noteholders. As of December 31, 2021,
the Series B Convertible Notes had a balance of . The Company also issued additional convertible promissory notes with unaffiliated
investors for an aggregate amount of which bear interest at per year, are unsecured and are due in May 2023. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into amendments with six of the Series B promissory noteholders to increase the
principal value of the notes. The additional principal associated with the amendments totaled . The amendments were accounted
for as a debt extinguishment, whereby the old debt was derecognized and the new debt was recorded at fair value. The Company recorded
loss on extinguishment of as a result of the amendment which is mapped in Other expenses on the consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

As
of October 29, 2021, all except of the series B convertible notes were converted into shares of Lottery.com common
stock. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining notes comprising the outstanding balance of are no longer convertible and have
been reclassified to notes payable. See Note 4 Accrued interest on this note payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and
 , respectively. 

PPP
Loan 

On
May 1, 2020, 

Short
term loans 

On
June 29, 2020, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA for .
The loan has a thirty-year term and bears interest at a rate of per annum. Monthly principal and interest payments are deferred
for twelve months after the date of disbursement. The loan may be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties.
The Promissory Note contains events of default and other provisions customary for a loan of this type. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the balance of the loan was . As of December 31, 2022, the accrued interest on this note was . 

In
August 2020, the Company entered into three separate note payable agreements with three individuals for an aggregate amount of .
The notes bear interest at a variable rate, are unsecured, and the parties have verbally agreed the notes will be due upon a qualifying
financing event. As of December 30, 2022 and 2021, the balance of the loans totaled ,
respectively. 

Notes
payable 

On
August 28, 2018, in connection with the purchase of the entire membership interest of TinBu, the Company entered into several notes payable
for with the sellers of the TinBu and a broker involved in the transaction. The notes had an interest rate of , and original
maturity date of January 25, 2022. The notes payable were modified during 2021 to extend the maturity to and change the
interest rate to include simple interest of per annum effective October 1, 2021. Each of the amendments were evaluated and determined
to be loan modifications and accounted for accordingly. 

As
of December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance of the notes was and , respectively. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share. Our
board of directors has the authority without action by the stockholders, to designate and issue shares of preferred stock in one or more
classes or series, and the number of shares constituting any such class or series, and to fix the voting powers, designations, preferences,
limitations, restrictions and relative rights of each class or series of preferred stock, including, without limitation, dividend rights,
conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, which rights may be greater than the rights of the holders of the
common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

Our
Charter authorizes the issuance of an aggregate of shares of Common Stock, par value per share. The shares of Common
Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Our purpose is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which corporations may now or hereafter be organized under the DGCL. Unless our Board determines otherwise, we will issue all shares
of our common stock in an uncertificated form. The holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors.
Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the
holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to receive pro rata
our remaining assets available for distribution. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, shares and shares, respectively, were outstanding. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued the following shares of common stock. 

Exercise of options (Note 10) 

Restricted stock award 

Total 

Public
Warrants 

The
Public Warrants became exercisable 30 days after the Closing as the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available
(or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration
under the Securities Act). The S-1 registration became effective November 24, 2021. The Public Warrants will expire five years after
October 29, 2021, which was the completion of the TDAC Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; 

if,
 and only if, the last sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within
 a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to
 the warrant holders; and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants
 at the time of redemption and for the entire -day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the
 date of redemption. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the
Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. These warrants cannot be net cash
settled by the Company in any event. 

As
of December 31, 2021, there were Public Warrants outstanding. Immediately after giving effect to the Business Combination,
there were warrants to purchase share of Common stock outstanding, of which are public warrants and two of which
were previously warrants of AutoLotto, which are now warrants of Lottery.com and are exercisable to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of common stock. 

Private
Warrants 

Private
warrants of TDAC issued before the business combination were forfeited and did not transfer to the surviving entity. 

Unit
Purchase Option 

On
June 1, 2018, the Company sold to the underwriter (and its designees), for , an option to purchase up to a total of Units
exercisable at per Unit (or an aggregate exercise price of commencing on the consummation of the Business Combination.
The Units represents the right to purchase shares of common stock and warrants to purchase shares
of common stock. The unit purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires
on May 29, 2023. The Units issuable upon exercise of this option are identical to those offered by Lottery.com. The Company accounted
for the unit purchase option, inclusive of the receipt of cash payment, as an expense of the Business Combination resulting in a
charge directly to stockholders equity. As of December 31, 2022 all of the Units are vested, exercisable and outstanding. 

Common
Stock Warrants 

The
Company did not issue any warrants during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All outstanding warrants are fully vested
and have a weighted average remaining contractual life of years. The Company did not incur any expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 

- 

Forfeited/cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited/cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Beneficial
Conversion Feature - Convertible Debt 

As
detailed in Note 7 - Notes Payable and Convertible Debt, the Company has issued two series of convertible debt. Both issuances resulted
in the recognition of the beneficial conversion features contained within both of the instruments. The Company recognized the proceeds
allocable to the beneficial conversion feature of as additional paid in capital and a corresponding debt discount of .
This additional paid in capital is reflected in the accompanying consolidated Statements of Equity. 

Earnout
Shares 

As
detailed in Note 4 - as part of the TDAC Combination as of December 31, 2021 a total of Earnout Shares were eligible for issuance
until December 31, 2022. 

Shares of Common Stock issued under the Stock Issuance Program may, in the discretion of the Plan Administrator, be fully
and immediately vested upon issuance or may vest in one or more instalments over the Participant s period of Service or upon attainment
of specified performance objectives. The Plan Administrator may not impose a vesting schedule upon any option grant or the shares of
Common Stock subject to that option which is more restrictive than twenty percent per year vesting, with the initial vesting to
occur not later than one year after the option grant date. However, such limitation shall not be applicable to any option grants
made to individuals who are officers of the Corporation, non-employee Board members or independent consultants. 

2021
Equity Incentive Plan 

In
connection with the Business Combination, our board of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, the Lottery.com 2021 Incentive
Award Plan (the 2021 Plan under which shares of Class A common stock were initially reserved for issuance.
The 2021 Plan allows for the issuance of incentive and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted
stock units and other stock or cash based awards. The number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock available for issuance
under the 2021 Plan increases annually on the first day of each calendar year, beginning on and including January 1, 2022 and ending
on and including January 1, 2031 by a number of shares of Company common stock equal to five percent of the total outstanding shares
of Company common stock on the last day of the prior calendar year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to January
1st of a given year to provide that there will be no such increase in the share reserve for such year or that the increase in the share
reserve for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Company common stock than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding
sentence. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not granted awards under the 2021 Plan. 

Stock
Options 

The
Company did not issue any new stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table shows stock option
activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

- 

Forfeited/cancelled 

- 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 

- 

Forfeited/cancelled (uncancelled) 

- 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Stock-based
compensation expense related to the employee options was and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 

Restricted
awards 

The
Company awarded restricted stock to employees on October 28, 2021, which were granted with various vesting terms including immediate
vesting, service-based vesting, and performance-based vesting. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company has classified the restricted
stock as equity. 

For
employee issuances, the measurement date is the date of grant, and the Company recognizes compensation expense for the grant of the restricted
shares, over the service period for the restricted shares that vest over a period of multiple years and for performance-based vesting
awards, the Company recognizes the expense when management believes it is probable the performance condition will be achieved. As of
December 31, 2021, the Company had granted shares with vesting to begin April 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company recognized of stock compensation expense related to the employee restricted stock grants. As of December 31, 2022,
unrecognized stock-based compensation associated with the restricted stock awards is which will be expensed over the next
 years. 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited/cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Restricted shares unvested at December 31, 2022 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

Net loss per common share 

Basic and diluted 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company excluded stock options, of restricted awards, of warrants, of earn
out shares and of unit purchase options from the calculation of diluted net loss per share with the effect being anti-dilutive. 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company excluded stock options, convertible debt into common shares, of restricted
awards, of warrants, of earn out shares and of unit purchase options from the calculation of diluted net
loss per share with the effect being anti-dilutive. 

Foreign 

Total 

State 

Foreign 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total current income taxes 

Deferred income taxes 

Federal 
 - 

State 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign 
 - 

Total deferred income taxes 
 - 

Valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total income tax expense (benefit) 

A
reconciliation between the amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) and the amount computed by multiplying income from continuing
operations before income taxes by the statutory federal income tax rate is shown below. Income tax expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 includes state minimum taxes, permanent differences, and deferred tax assets for which a full valuation allowance has been placed.
A corresponding tax expense is included for the year ended December 31, 2022 to reflect the increase in the valuation allowance. 

State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign rate differential 

Permanent differences 

Other Miscellaneous 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amount used for income tax purposes. The following table discloses those significant components of our deferred tax
assets and liabilities, including any valuation allowance: 

Foreign net operating loss carryforwards 

Stock compensation 

Fixed assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

Intangible assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets and liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Due
to the Global Gaming acquisition and the recording of related deferred tax liabilities, the Company released approximately 
of valuation allowance since the additional deferred tax liabilities represent a future source of taxable income. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the valuation allowance increased by approximately . the Company believes a full valuation allowance against
the net deferred tax asset is appropriate at this time. The Company will continue to evaluate the realizability of its deferred tax assets
in future years. 

At
December 31, 2021, our carryforwards available to offset future taxable income consisted of federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately , of which expires between 2036 and 2037 and of which has no expiration
date. 

We
account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740-10-25, which prescribes a comprehensive model for the financial statement
recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns.
We have not recorded any unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022. 

Our
practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense in our consolidated statements of
operations. We did not have any interest or penalties on unrecognized tax benefits accrued at December 31, 2022. 

The
Company files U.S. federal and state returns. The Company s foreign subsidiary also files a local tax return in their local jurisdiction.
From a U.S. federal, state and Mexican perspective the years that remain open to examination are consistent with each jurisdiction s
statute of limitations. The Company has not filed its 2021 and 2022 U.S. federal and state corporate income tax returns. The Company s
foreign subsidiary in Mexico is current with the filing of its tax returns through 2022. The Company expects to file these documents
as soon as possible. While the Company is in a net loss position and expects no income tax amounts to be due except for minimum state
and local income taxes, the Company is at risk for failure to file. As of the date of this Report, the Company has not been informed
that such penalties have been assessed, therefore no accrual for such has been recorded in the Company s financial statements.
The Company s federal income tax returns for the years 2017-2022 remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. 

million revenue participation interests (the
 Digital Securities of the net raffle revenue of LDC Crypto Universal Public Company Limited LDC ). The Digital
Securities do not have any voting rights, redemption rights, or liquidation rights, nor are they tied in any way to other equity securities
of LDC or the Company nor do they otherwise hold any rights that a holder of equity securities of LDC or the Company may have or that
a holder of traditional equity securities or capital stock may have. Rather, each of the holders of the Digital Securities has a pro
rata right to receive 
 of the net raffle revenue. If the net raffle revenue is zero
for a given period, holders of the Digital Securities are not eligible to receive any cash distributions from any raffle sweepstakes
of LDC for such period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the company did not incur any obligations to the holders of the outstanding
Digital Securities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred an obligation to pay an aggregate amount of approximately
 to
holders of the outstanding Digital Securities. The Company did not satisfy any of those obligations during the years ended December 31,
2021 or 2022. 

Leases 

The
Company leases office space in Spicewood, Texas which expires January 21, 2024. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s
total rent expense was approximately and , respectively. 

2024 

Total 

Litigation
and Other Loss Contingencies 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were no pending proceedings that are deemed to be materially detrimental. The Company is a party to legal
proceedings in the ordinary course of its business. The Company believes that the nature of these proceedings is typical for a company
of its size and scope. See Note 15 for additional information. 

during 2021 and the outstanding balance was at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company entered into a services agreement with Master Goblin Games, LLC Master
Goblin Games ), an entity owned by Ryan Dickinson, a former officer of the Company, to facilitate the establishment of receipt
of retail lottery licenses in certain jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding related party payables. 

Pursuant
to the Service Agreement, Master Goblin is authorized and approved by the Company to incur up to in initial expenses per location
for the commencement of operations at each location, including, without limitation, tenant improvements, furniture, inventory, fixtures
and equipment, security and lease deposits, and licensing and filing fees. Similarly, pursuant to the Service Agreement, during each
month of operation, Master Goblin is authorized to submit to the Company for reimbursement on-going expenses of up to per location
for actually incurred lease expenses. The initial expenses are submitted by Master Goblin to the Company upon Master Goblin securing
a lease and leases are only secured by Master Goblin in any location upon request of the Company. Such initial expenses are recorded
by the Company as lease obligations. On-going expenses are submitted by Master Goblin to the Company on a monthly basis, subject to offset,
and are recorded by the Company as an expense. To the extent Master Goblin has a positive net income in any month, exclusive of the sale
of lottery games, such net income reduces or eliminates such reimbursable expenses for that month. 

In
January 2023, Woodford Eurasia Assets, Ltd. signed a letter of intent to acquire Master Goblin. Such letter of intent would give Woodford
the right to appoint a director to the Board of Directors of the Company (see Subsequent Events). As of the date of this Report, no definitive
documentation for this transaction has been signed. 

Other 

Total 

million. The parties agreed to extend the Company
and its subsidiary s deadline to respond until May 1, 2023. On May 2, 2023, the Company and its subsidiary retained local counsel
who filed a Notice of Appearance on behalf of the Company and TinBu and filed its Motion for Enlargement requesting the Court to extend
its deadline to file its initial response to the Complaint by an additional 30 days (the TinBu Motion ). As of the date
of this Report, the TinBu Motion has not been set for a hearing. 

On
March 29, 2023, the WinTogether Foundation Board of Directors voted to suspend its relationship with the Company. 

On April 22, 2023, the Company signed an exclusive affiliate agreement
with International Gaming Alliance (IGA), to supply official Texas lottery tickets in the Dominican Republic. 

On
April 25, 2023, the Company recommenced its ticket sales operations through its Texas retail network. 

F- 30 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

See
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
previously disclosed, in connection with the filing of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2021 (the Original 2021 Annual Report on April 1, 2022, our management, with the participation of our then Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2021. Based on their evaluation, our then Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting with respect to our financial statement close and reporting process. 

In
connection with the filing of Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31,
2021 (the Amended 2021 Annual Report ), our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer,
reevaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2021 and determined they were not effective due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
with respect to our financial statement close and reporting process. Our disclosure and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. In connection with this Report, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer,
reevaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on such reevaluation, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that, as of the
end of the period covered by this Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were still not effective due to the material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting with respect to our financial statement close and reporting process, as
described further below. As a result of this conclusion, we retained third-party accounting consultants who performed additional
analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management
believes that the financial statements included in this Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. The issues which were identified during the initial and subsequent review continued until the new management team
for the company began addressing them in the fall of 2022. Efforts to strengthen and improve internal controls over accounting and financial
reporting are ongoing. 

71 

Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

In
connection with the audit of our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Report, our management has identified material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 relating to deficiencies in the design and
operation of the procedures relating to the closing of our financial statements. These include: (i) our lack of a sufficient number of
personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge and experience in accounting for complex or non-routine transactions, (ii) the fact
that our policies and procedures with respect to the review, supervision and monitoring of our accounting and reporting functions were
either not designed and in place or not operating effectively; (iii) our inability to complete the timely closing of financial books
at the quarter and fiscal year end, and (iv) incomplete segregation of duties in certain types of transactions and processes. 

Specifically,
management did not design and maintain sufficient procedures and controls related to revenue recognition including those related to ensuring
accuracy of revenue recognized from non-routine transactions such as the sales of LotteryLink Credits. As a result, we determined that
there was an overstatement of revenue in the consolidated statement of operations of approximately 52.1 million during the year ended
December 31, 2021, which required a restatement of the previously issued financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 contained
in the Amended 2021 Annual Report. 

We
have begun implementing remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting and to remediate the identified
material weaknesses, including (i) adding personnel with sufficient accounting knowledge; (ii) adopting a more rigorous period-end
review process for financial reporting; (iii) adopting improved period close processes and accounting processes, and (iv) clearly
defining and documenting the segregation of duties for certain transactions and processes. Management has expanded and will continue
to enhance our system of identifying transactions and evaluating and implementing the accounting standards that apply to our
financial statements, including through enhanced analyses by our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult
regarding complex accounting applications. We intend to continue take steps to remediate the material weaknesses described above and
further continue re-assessing the design of controls, the testing of controls and modifying processes designed to improve our
internal control over financial reporting. The Company plans to continue to assess its internal controls and procedures and intends
to take further action as necessary or appropriate to address any other matters it identifies or are brought to its attention. We
will not be able to fully remediate these material weaknesses until these steps have been completed and have been operating
effectively for a sufficient period of time. The implementation of our remediation will be ongoing and will require validation and
testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles. We may
also conclude that additional measures may be required to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. 

We
cannot assure you that the measures we take will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses we identified or avoid the identification
of additional material weaknesses in the future. If the steps we take do not remediate the material weaknesses in a timely manner, there
could continue to be a reasonable possibility that this control deficiency or others could result in another material misstatement of
our annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

For
more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors - Public Company Operating Risks - If we fail to implement and maintain an effective
system of internal controls, we may be unable to accurately report our results of operations, meet our reporting obligations or prevent
fraud, and investor confidence and the trading price of our common stock and warrants may be materially and adversely affected . 

72 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Except
as otherwise described herein, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the
evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

On June 12, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment of its Loan Agreement
with Woodford (the Loan Agreement Amendment ). The Loan Agreement Amendment provides that Woodford shall henceforth be able
to convert, in whole or in part, the outstanding balance of its loan into the conversion shares at a conversion price that represents
a further 25 discount to the original conversion price of 20 . All other terms and conditions of securitization remain in full force
and effect. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following sets forth certain information, as of the date of this report, concerning the directors and officers of the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Mark
 Gustavson 
 
 54 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Matthew
 McGahan 
 
 53 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 

Barney
 Battles 
 
 56 
 
 Director 

Nick
 Kounoupias 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

Mark
Gustavson has been our Chief Executive Officer since February 2023. Mr. Gustavson has 17 years of business development, transactional,
alliance management, finance, operational, company formation, and IP experience with emerging businesses. During his career he has acquired
extensive experience in the integration of business disciplines, with an emphasis on turnaround transactions. Mr. Gustavson held senior
management positions in a variety of technology companies. 

In
his various executive capacities, Mr. Gustavson was responsible for transactions ranging from acquisitions and strategic collaborations
to ordinary course transactions. He was also engaged in strategic planning for business development, product development, and in-licensing
activities, and participated in the consummation of numerous collaborations. Sector specialties include biotechnology, IP based banking,
mobile payment systems, social media, mobile gaming applications, fiber optics, and mixed and virtual reality technologies. 

Mr.
Gustavson is a co-founder and currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of ZENIOS Technologies Corporation, a position he has held
since May 2022. Said company is involved in the business of augmented and mixed-reality based internet search technology. 

In
March of 2020, Mr. Gustavson and a group of investors acquired control of Sansar from Linden Labs Corporation, implementing an expansion
plan, and successfully deploying, virtual reality applications for live events and festivals. These included the renowned London based
Lost Horizons festival Glastonbury, gaining an audience in excess of 4.2 million attendees. The assets of Sansar were transferred to
Sansar, Inc, in June 2022, and Mr. Gustavson has served as a Board member of Sansar, Inc. since June 2022. 

From
February 2020 to April 2021, Mr. Gustavson served as Chief Executive Officer of Regnum Corp (OTC:RGMP). Mr. Gustavson served as President,
CFO and co-founder of Tri Capital Energy Corporation, from June 2019 to March 2021. From March 2025 to May 2018, Mr. Gustavson served
as Chief Financial Officer and Director of Wookey Search Technologies Corporation. From July 2016 to August 2017, Mr. Gustavson served
as Chief Financial Officer and Director of Sharkreach Corporation. 

73 

Mr.
Gustavson also previously served as President and co-founder of MedicuRx Corporation, a position he held from February 2013 to June 2015.
During this time, he was responsible for managing the company formation and transactional activities in collaboration with co-founder
Dr. Joseph Rubinfeld, as well as taking care of business development, finance, and research and alliance management. MedicuRx Corporation
business was a pharmaceutical company developing cancer therapeutics addressing Glioblastoma Multiforme. 

Mr.
Gustavson began his career as a Private Banker at the banking and financial business known as HSBC in Saipan, Commonwealth of the Northern
Mariana Islands. From April 1997 through February 1999, Mr. Gustavson was Vice President of Private Banking and was charged with co-launching
the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands branch of the Pacific Regional Division during the bank s expansion period. 

Mr.
Gustavson received a Bachelor of Science in Political Science degree (minor in sociology, concentration in economics) from the University
of Oregon in 1991. 

Matthew
McGahan , has been a member of and Chairman of the Board since October 2022. Mr. McGahan is the founder of the U.K. charity, Mask
Our Heroes MOH ), created in memory of his father Alan, who was a victim of the COVID-19 pandemic. MOH was one of
the first charities to recognize the urgent need for vital personal protection equipment and in the first months of the pandemic, MOH
secured and shipped several plane loads of surgical masks to the U.K. Prior to founding MOH, Mr. McGahan had founded Magic Automotive
Group, a Europe-based Harley-Davidson dealer. In 2010, Mr. McGahan sold Magic Automotive Group to pursue other endeavors. In 1997, prior
to founding Magic Automotive Group, Mr. McGahan had joined his family s business, Pinewood Motor Group, which his father founded
in 1969. In the early 1990s Mr. McGahan left a public UK multi-brand automotive group to set up an international company specializing
in the importing and exporting of luxury automotive brands, race cars and classics. Mr. McGahan is a graduate of the Purley Boys and
Guildford Engineering Technology College. 

Barney
Battles has been a member of the Board since October 2022. In 2014, Mr. Battles founded The League of Angels, a network of UHNW
international members investing in fast growth British ventures with a global impact and strong corporate values. Mr. Battle is the former
co-owner of Jackpot Games, a Maltese online gaming venture that was then sold to a large German Media Group. Additionally, Mr. Battles
is the former senior advisor to the Rank Group PLC (LSE: RNK), where he focused on the Grosvenor Casinos and Bingo (a UK-based chain
of 53 casinos located in major towns and cities across the UK and 76 bingo clubs located in Belgium, Spain, and the UK). During his time
at Grosvenor Casinos and Bingo, Mr. Battles focused on delivering interactive digital gaming formats across their retail footprint. He
also has extensive FTSE experience, working as Executive Chairman/CFO in turnaround or high growth sectors and is a former CFO of London s
largest digital agency. Mr. Battles earned a Master in Computing Science from the University of Aberdeen, and was a Scottish Chartered
Accountant with Ernst Young. 

Nick
Kounoupias has been a member of the Board since April 2023. Mr. Kounoupias is a respected attorney with almost 40-years of experience
with digital, media and technology companies with a strong practice focus on corporate governance, legal issues, regulations, and Intellectual
Property (IP), with varying skills across multiple sectors. He has worked both within private practice and in-house, including a 16 year
period in a senior position in the consumer entertainment industry. He also has extensive experience in branding, media, news and related
industries; and he has held non-executive directorships and senior positions within the computer software, design, branded goods and
newspaper and magazine publishing industries. He is the founder and CEO of Kounoupias IP, a boutique Intellectual Property consultancy
operating out of offices in England and Cyprus providing strategic guidance on digital technology and IP matters internationally. He
is recognized as a leading specialist in anti-piracy and anti-counterfeiting and possesses extensive experience in managing and conducting
investigations in IP and other sectors. He regularly contributes to journals and books, as well as providing professional training on
legal matters at seminars and webinars. 

74 

Our
Executive Officer 

Mr.
Gustavson, our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), serves at the discretion of our Board and holds office until his successor
is duly appointed or until his earlier resignation or removal. Mr. Gustavson also serves as the principal financial/accounting officer
of the Company until a replacement is found. 

Board
Composition 

Our
Board consists of three directors. Each of our current directors will continue to serve as a director until the election and qualification
of his successor or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. The authorized number of directors may be changed by resolution
of our Board. Vacancies on our Board may be filled by resolution of our Board. 

Our
Board consists of Matthew McGahan, Barney Battles and Nick Kounoupias, with Mr. McGahan acting as chairman of the Board. 

Our
Board has affirmatively determined that each of Messrs.McGahan, Battles and Kounoupias is an independent director under
the Nasdaq listing rules applicable to board members. For more details, see the section entitled Independence of our Board. 

Our
Board is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class serving a three-year
term: 

our
 Class I director is Mr. McGahan, and his term will expire at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders; 

our
 Class II director is Mr. Kounoupias, and his term will expire at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders; and 

our
 Class III director is Mr. Battles, and his term will expire at the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. 

As
a result of the staggered Board, only one class of directors will be elected at each annual meeting of stockholders, with the other classes
continuing for the remainder of their respective terms. At any meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected, the number
of directors elected may not exceed the greatest number of directors then in office in any class of directors. The members of each class
will hold office until the annual meeting stated above when their term expires and until their successors are elected and qualified.
At each succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders, the successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that meeting will
be elected by plurality vote of all votes cast at such meeting to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders
held in the third year following the year of their election and until their successors are elected and qualified. Subject to the rights,
if any, of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under circumstances specified in a preferred stock
designation, directors may be elected by the stockholders only at an annual meeting of stockholders. 

Independence
of our Board and Executive Officer 

Based
on information provided by each director concerning his background, employment, and affiliations, our Board has determined that the Board
meets independence standards under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq. There are no
family relationships among any of our directors and executive officer. In making these determinations, our Board considered the current
and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant
in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director, and the transactions
involving them described under the heading Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board has two standing committees: an Audit Committee and a Compensation Committee. Each of the committees reports to the Board as it
deems appropriate and as the Board may request. The composition, duties and responsibilities of these committees are set forth below.
In the future, our Board may establish other committees, as it deems appropriate, to assist it with its responsibilities. 

75 

Audit
Committee 

All
of the members of our Board serve as members of our Audit Committee. Mr. Battles is the chair of our Audit Committee. All members of
the Audit Committee are independent in accordance with the Nasdaq Rules (as defined below) and rules of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC applicable to boards of directors in general and Audit Committee members in particular.
The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate within the meaning of the Nasdaq
Rules because each member is able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including the Company s balance sheet,
income statement and cash flow statement. In addition, the Board has determined that Mr. Battles qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined by Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K, and therefore, also satisfies the financial sophistication 
requirement in accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5605(c)(2)(A). The Board reached its conclusion as to Mr. Battles qualifications based
on, among other things, his background in financial services and accounting, and experience on the audit committees of public, private
and investment companies. 

The
duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: 

those
 duties and responsibilities delegated to it by the Board, including overseeing our financial reporting policies, our internal controls,
 and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements applicable to financial statements and accounting and financial reporting
 processes; 

being
 directly responsible for the appointment, retention, replacement and oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm
 and reviewing and evaluating its qualifications, performance and independence; 

pre-approving
 the audit and non-audit services and the payment of compensation to the independent registered public accounting firm; 

reviewing
 reports from, and material written communications between, management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including
 with respect to issues as to the adequacy of the Company s internal controls; 

reviewing
 and approving any related person transaction that is required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated
 by the SEC and prior to our entering into such transaction; 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our guidelines and policies with respect to
 risk assessment and risk management; and 

reviewing
 the Audit Committee Charter and the Audit Committee s performance at least annually. 

With
respect to our reporting and disclosure matters, the Audit Committee is also responsible for reviewing and discussing with the independent
registered public accounting firm and management our annual audited financial statements and our quarterly financial statements prior
to their inclusion in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or other publicly disseminated materials in accordance
with the applicable SEC rules and regulations. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
members of our Compensation Committee are Messrs. McGahan, Battles and Kounoupias. Mr. Kounoupias is the chair of our Compensation Committee.
All members of the Compensation Committee are independent in accordance with the Nasdaq Rules and SEC rules applicable
to boards of directors in general and compensation committees in particular. In addition, at least two members of the Compensation Committee
qualify as non-employee directors for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. 

76 

The
Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and overseeing our compensation policies and practices, and meets regularly throughout
the year to review and discuss, among other items, our compensation philosophy, changes in compensation governance, and compliance rules
and best practices. With respect to executive compensation, the Compensation Committee: 

annually
 reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our CEO and other executive officers; 

evaluates,
 as a committee or together with the other independent directors (as directed by the Board), the performance of our CEO and other
 executive officers in light of such corporate goals and objectives, as well as their individual achievements; 

approves
 and recommends to our Board for approval of the compensation of our CEO and other executive officers based on this evaluation; and 

periodically
 reviews and approves of all elements of our CEO s and other executive officers compensation, including cash-based and
 equity-based awards and opportunities, as well as any employment agreements and severance agreements, change in control agreements
 and special or supplemental compensation and benefits. 

Director
Nominating Process 

We
do not currently have a nominating committee or any other committee serving a similar function. Director nominations are approved by
a vote of a majority of our directors, each of whom is independent, as required under the Nasdaq rules and regulations. We believe that
the current process in place functions effectively to select director nominees who will be valuable members of our Board of Directors. 

We
identify potential nominees to serve as directors through a variety of business contacts, including current executive officers, directors
and stockholders. We may, to the extent they deem appropriate, retain a professional search firm and other advisors to identify potential
nominees. 

We
believe that our Board as a whole should encompass a range of talent, skill, and expertise enabling it to provide sound guidance with
respect to our operations and interests. Our independent directors evaluate all candidates to our Board by reviewing their biographical
information and qualifications. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines 

Corporate
Governance Guidelines . To further our commitment to sound governance, our Board has adopted the Corporate Governance Guidelines to
ensure that the necessary policies and procedures are in place to facilitate the Board s review and make decisions with respect
to the Company s business operations that are independent from management. The Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth the practices
regarding Board and committee composition, selection and performance evaluations; Board meetings; director qualifications and expectations,
including with respect to continuing education obligations; and management succession planning, including for the CEO. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics . We maintain a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct that is applicable
to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our Chairperson, CEO and other members of management. The Code of Conduct
sets forth standards of ethical business conduct, including conflicts of interest, compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations,
timely and truthful disclosure, protection and proper use of our assets and reporting mechanisms for illegal or unethical behavior. The
Code of Conduct also satisfies the requirements for a code of ethics as defined by Item 406 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC.
If the Company ever were to amend or waive any provision of the Code of Conduct and that applies to the Company s principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or any person performing similar functions, the Company intends to
satisfy its disclosure obligations, if any, with respect to any such waiver or amendment by posting such information on its website set
forth above rather than by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K. Amendments to the Code of Conduct must be approved by our Board and will
be promptly disclosed (other than technical, administrative or non-substantive changes) on our website. A copy of the Code of Conduct
will be provided free of charge by making a written request and mailing it to our corporate headquarters offices to the attention of
our Compliance Manager. 

77 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a company s
common stock to file initial reports of ownership (Forms 3) and reports of changes in ownership (Forms 4 and 5) with the SEC. Based solely
on our review of copies of such reports and on written representations from our executive officers and directors, we believe that none
of our executive officers and directors complied with their Section 16(a) filing requirements during our fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 following the Operational Cessation. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

This
section discusses the material components of the executive compensation program for the executive officers of Lottery.com who were named
executive officers, or NEOs for fiscal 2022. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that are based on our current
plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation programs that we adopt
may differ materially from the existing and currently planned programs summarized or referred to in this discussion. 

As
an emerging growth company, we have opted to comply with the executive compensation disclosure rules applicable to smaller reporting
companies as such term is defined in the rules promulgated under the Securities Act, which, in general, require compensation disclosure
for our principal executive officer and its two other most highly compensated executive officers, referred to herein as our NEOs. 

Introduction 

The
primary objectives of our executive compensation programs are to attract and retain talented executives to effectively manage and lead
our Company. Our NEOs for fiscal 2022 are: 

Our
 former CEOs, Tony DiMatteo and Sohail S. Quraeshi; and 

Our
 former executive officers, Edward Moffly, Ryan Dickinson and Matthew Clemenson. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table provides summary information concerning compensation of our named executive officers for services rendered to us during
the years noted. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary (1)
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards (2) ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Tony
 DiMatteo 
 2022 
 269,231 
 227,740 

496,971 
 
 Former
 CEO 
 2021 
 500,000 

500,000 

2020 
 250,000 

250,000 
 
 Sohail
 S. Quraeshi 
 2022 

Former
 CEO 

Edward
Moffley 
 2022 

Former
 CFO 

Ryan
 Dickinson 
 2022 
 250,000 
 227,740 

477,740 
 
 Former
 CFO and President 
 2021 
 500,000 
 
 34,504,435 

35,004,453 

2020 
 250,000 

250,000 
 
 Matthew Clemenson 
 2022 
 250,000 
 227,740 

477,740 
 
 Former
 CRO 

(1) 
 Amounts reflect the NEO s base salary earned during the
fiscal year presented. 

(2) 
 Amount represents the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted
share awards Restricted Shares made to the named executive officer computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Codification Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation Topic 718 ). As required by SEC rules, awards are reported in
the year of grant. For more information, see Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table Supplemental Table 
below. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

78 

Equity
Awards 

Fiscal 2021 

On
October 28, 2021, AutoLotto awarded 778,250 restricted shares of common stock (which were exchanged for 2,339,286 restricted shares of
Common Stock Restricted Shares in connection with the Business Combination Closing) to Mr. Dickinson and 155,809 restricted
shares of common stock (which were exchanged for 468,335 Restricted Shares in connection with the Business Combination Closing) to Ms.
Lever, in each case, under the AutoLotto, Inc. 2015 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan (the 2015 Plan (together, such equity
grants are referred to herein as the Fiscal 2021 Equity Awards ). 

The
Fiscal 2021 Equity Awards rewarded Mr. Dickinson and Ms. Lever for their respective service to the Company during a critical period for
the Company and as a result of their significant efforts in growing the Company s business and preparing the Company to be a public
company, as well as for completing the Business Combination during fiscal 2021. In particular, Mr. Dickinson joined the Company in June
2018, serving the Company for over three years, including through the Business Combination process, but had not previously received equity
compensation for his services to the Company and previously had no equity in the Company. Ms. Lever joined the Company in March 2021,
heading the Company s legal function through the Business Combination process, without previously receiving any grant of equity
for her services. 

Vesting
Terms 

Mr.
Dickinson s Restricted Shares vest in full six months following the Business Combination Closing, or on April 29, 2022. In the
event Mr. Dickinson s Service terminates for any reason, all unvested Restricted Shares at the time of such termination will be
forfeited. 

With
respect to Ms. Lever s grant: 

234,168
 of Ms. Lever s Restricted Shares are subject to time vesting, with 25 (or 58,542 Restricted Shares) vesting on October 28,
 2022 (the one year anniversary of the Grant Date) and the remaining 75 vesting monthly over the subsequent 36 month period (with
 4,878 Restricted Shares vesting each month). 

234,167
 of Ms. Lever s Restricted Shares are subject to performance vesting, with 79,617 Restricted Shares (or 34 vesting six months
 following the Business Combination Closing, or on April 29, 2022, and 154,550 of her Restricted Shares (or 66 vesting based on
 stock price performance hurdles, with half of such shares vesting if the stock price equals or exceeds 14.50 for any 20 trading
 days in any 30 consecutive day trading period during the one year period following the Business Combination Closing and the other
 half vesting if the stock price equals or exceeds 16.00 for any 20 trading days in any 30 consecutive day trading period during
 the one year period following the Business Combination Closing. In the event that one or both closing price goals are not satisfied
 within 12 months following the Business Combination Closing, the remaining unvested performance-vested Restricted Shares will vest
 monthly over the 36 month period commencing with the 13 month anniversary of the Business Combination Closing, or on November 29,
 2022. 

In
the event Ms. Lever s service terminates for any reason, all unvested Restricted Shares at the time of such termination will be
forfeited. 

Fiscal 2022 

There were no equity awards granted to our named executive officer during
fiscal 2022. 

79 

Cash
Compensation 

Base
Salary 

Base
salaries are generally set at levels deemed necessary to attract and retain our executives. We provide each named executive officer with
a base salary for the services that the executive officer performs for us. This compensation component constitutes a stable element of
compensation while other compensation elements may be variable. Base salaries are generally reviewed annually and may be increased based
on any number of factors at the discretion of the Compensation Committee, including the individual performance of the named executive
officer, company performance, any change in the executive s position within our business, the scope of their responsibilities and
market data. For fiscal 2022, the amounts earned by our named executive officers are shown in the Summary Compensation Table above. 

Bonuses 

In
addition to base salaries, the named executive officers may receive discretionary annual bonuses, guaranteed and/or retention
bonuses in the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Our NEOs did not earn any cash bonuses during fiscal 2020 or fiscal 2021;
however, during fiscal 2022, the Compensation Committee in its discretion awarded one-time retention bonuses to each of Messrs.
DiMatteo, Dickinson and Clemenson, who each received a cash award of 227,740. Such
bonuses are being reported as fiscal 2022 compensation in the Summary Compensation Table above. 

Retirement
Benefits, and Termination and Change in Control Provisions at December 31, 2021 and 2020 

There
were no pension or retirement benefits pursuant to any existing plan provided or contributed to by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
In addition, there were no termination and change in control provisions in effect for our NEOs. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

None
of our named executive officers have any outstanding equity awards. Any outstanding equity awards were forfeited as of the date of their
resignation or separation from the Company. 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

In
February 2022, our Board approved a Non-Employee Director Compensation Program generally providing for an annual cash fee of 62,000,
an annual equity grant of restricted stock units with an award value of 65,000, and an initial equity grant of restricted stock units
with an award value of 85,000. Notwithstanding this program adopted by our Board, no cash fees were paid to our directors during fiscal
2022 and all outstanding equity awards were forfeited in connection with director resignations from the Board. 

80 

The
following table sets forth the total compensation paid to each of our non-employee directors for their service on the Board during fiscal
2022: 

Name (1) 
 Fee Earned 
 or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards 
 )(1) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Barney Battles(2) 

Matthew McGahan(3) 

Richard Kivel(4) 
 
 155,870 
 155,870 
 
 Lisa Borders(5) 
 
 155,870 
 155,870 
 
 Steven Cohen(5) 
 
 155,870 
 155,870 
 
 Joseph Kaminkow(6) 
 
 90,870 
 90,870 
 
 William Thompson (7) 
 
 155,870 
 155,870 
 
 Amer Rustom(8) 

Vladimir Klechtchev(9) 

Naila Chowdhury(10) 

(1) 
 Represents
 all non-employee directors who served on our Board during fiscal 2022. All stock awards granted to our directors during fiscal 2021
 were forfeited in connection with the director resignations from the Board noted below. 
 
 (2) 
 Mr.
Battles was appointed to our Board on November 3, 2022. Mr. Battles did not receive compensation for his service on the Board during
fiscal 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr.
 McGahan was appointed to our Board on October 19, 2022. Mr. McGahan did not receive compensation
 for his service on the Board during fiscal 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr.
 Kivel served on our Board until November 4, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Mr. Cohen and Ms. Borders served on our Board until September 2, 2022. 
 
 (6) 
 Mr.
 Kaminkow resigned from our Board on June 9, 2022. 
 
 (7) 
 Mr.
 Thompson served on our Board from March 10, 2022 to September 2, 2022. 
 
 (8) 
 Dr.
 Rustom served on our Board from September 12, 2022 to November 23, 2022. Dr. Rustom did not
 receive compensation for his service on the Board during fiscal 2022. 
 
 (9) 
 Mr.
Klechtchev served on our Board from September 12, 2022 to October 19, 2022. Mr. Klechtchev did not receive compensation for his service
on the Board during fiscal 2022. 
 
 (10) 
 Ms.
Chowdhury served on our Board from November 3, 2022 to March 9, 2023. Ms. Chowdhury did not receive compensation for his service on the
Board during fiscal 2022. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of the individuals who served as a member of the Compensation Committee during fiscal 2022 is, or has ever been, an officer or employee
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or has or had any relationship with the Company requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation
S-K under the Exchange Act. In addition, during the last fiscal year, no executive officer of the Company served as a member of the board
of directors or the compensation committee of any other entity that has or has had one or more executive officers serving on our Board
or our Compensation Committee. 

81 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table shows information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of June 15, 2023, for: 

each
 person known to us to own beneficially 5 or more of our outstanding common stock; 

each
 of our directors or director nominees; 

each
 of our NEOs; and 

all
 of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

As
of June 15, 2023, there were 50,794,707 shares of our common stock outstanding. Except as indicated by footnote and subject to community
property laws where applicable, to our knowledge, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them: 

The
amounts and percentages of shares beneficially owned are reported on the basis of SEC regulations governing the determination of beneficial
ownership of securities. Under SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has
or shares voting power or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person
is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60
days. Securities that can be so acquired are deemed to be outstanding for purposes of computing such person s ownership percentage,
but not for purposes of computing any other person s percentage. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a
beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has
no economic interest. 

NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER 
 AMOUNT AND NATURE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 
 PERCENT OF COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING 
 
 DIRECTORS, NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND 5 STOCKHOLDERS (1) 

Tony DiMatteo(2) 
 1,489,484 
 2.9 
 
 Matt Clemenson(3) 
 6,289,487 
 12.4 
 
 Ryan Dickinson 
 2,339,286 
 4.6 
 
 Mark Gustavson 

Barney Battles 

Matthew McGahan 

Nick Kounoupias 

Suhail Quraeshi 

Edward Moffly 

Woodford Eurasia Assets Ltd. 
 10,118,257 
 19.9 
 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AS A GROUP (FOUR PERSONS) 
 0 
 0 

(1)
 
 The
 business address of each of these stockholders is c/o Lottery.com Inc., 20808 State Hwy 71 W, Unit B, Spicewood, TX 78669. 
 
 (2) 
 Interests
 shown are held by ALD Holdings Group, LLC ALD Holdings ). Mr. DiMatteo may be deemed to beneficially own the shares
 held by ALD Holdings. 
 
 (3) 
 Interests
 shown are held by MC Holdings, LLC MC Holdings ). Mr. Clemenson may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by
 MC Holdings. 

82 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table summarizes share and exercise price information about the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31,
2022. 

Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Equity Compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

13,130,368 

(1) 
 Relates only to the Lottery.com 2021 Incentive Plan. 

In
connection with the Business Combination, the Board and stockholders approved the Lottery.com 2021 Incentive Plan, which enables the
Company to grant non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock
units, unrestricted stock, other share based awards and cash awards to directors, employees, consultants and advisors to improve the
ability of the Company to attract and retain key personnel upon whom the Company s sustained growth and financial success depend,
by providing such persons with an opportunity to acquire or increase their proprietary interest in the Company. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Services
Agreement with Master Goblin Games, LLC 

In
March 2020, the Company entered into a service agreement (as amended, the Service Agreement ), with Master Goblin Games,
LLC Master Goblin ), an entity that is wholly owned by our President and CFO, Ryan Dickinson. Master Goblin leases retail
locations in certain U.S. jurisdictions from which it operates tabletop game retail stores and, ancillary to such retail operations,
acts as sales agent or retailer licensed by the state lottery commission of such jurisdiction to sell lottery game tickets from such
retail stores. The Company acquires lottery games as requested by users from Master Goblin on a non-exclusive basis in such jurisdictions. 

Pursuant
to the Service Agreement, Master Goblin is authorized and approved by the Company to incur up to 100,000 in initial expenses per location
for the commencement of operations at each location, including, without limitation, tenant improvements, furniture, inventory, fixtures
and equipment, security and lease deposits, and licensing and filing fees. Similarly, pursuant to the Service Agreement, during each
month of operation, Master Goblin is authorized to submit to the Company for reimbursement on-going expenses of up to 5,000 per location
for actually incurred lease expenses. The initial expenses are submitted by Master Goblin to the Company upon Master Goblin securing
a lease, and leases are only secured by Master Goblin in any location upon request of the Company. On-going expenses are submitted by
Master Goblin to the Company for reimbursement on a monthly basis, subject to offset. To the extent Master Goblin has a positive net
income in any month, exclusive of the sale of lottery games, such net income reduces or eliminates such reimbursable expenses for that
month. In addition, from time to time Master Goblin may incur certain additional reimbursable expenses for the benefit of the Company.
The Company paid Master Goblin an aggregate of approximately 440,000 and 800,000, including expense reimbursements under the Service Agreement
and additional reimbursable expenses, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

83 

Investor
Rights Agreement 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Business Combination on October 29, 2021 (the Business Combination Closing ), the Company entered
into an investor rights agreement (the Investor Rights Agreement with the initial stockholders of Trident Acquisition
Corp. and certain stockholders of AutoLotto, including Lawrence Anthony DiMatteo III, our former chief executive officer, and Matthew
Clemenson, our former chief revenue officer (collectively, the Stockholder Parties ). Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement,
such parties agreed to vote or cause to be voted all shares owned by them or take such other necessary action to ensure that (i) our
Board was made up of at least five directors at Closing, (ii) one director nominated by the Initial Stockholders (the Initial
Stockholders Director and the remaining directors nominated by the AutoLotto stockholders (the AutoLotto Directors would be elected to our initial Board, with the Initial Stockholders Director designated as a Class II director, and (iii) following
the nomination of our initial Board, neither the Initial Stockholders nor the AutoLotto Stockholders shall have ongoing nomination rights,
except that in the event that a vacancy is created on our Board at any time by the death, disability, resignation or removal of the Initial
Stockholders Director or any AutoLotto Director during their initial term, then (x) the AutoLotto Stockholders, with respect to a vacancy
created by the death, disability, resignation or removal of an AutoLotto Director, or (y) the Initial Stockholders, with respect to a
vacancy created by the death, disability, resignation or removal of an Initial Stockholders Director, will be entitled to designate an
individual to fill the vacancy. In addition, the Investor Rights Agreement provides that we will register for resale under the Securities
Act, certain shares of Common Stock and other equity securities that are held by the parties thereto from time to time as well as other
customary registration rights for the parties thereto. The Investor Rights Agreement was terminated in connection with the Woodford Loan
Agreement. 

Director
Independence and Independence Determinations 

The
Board has established the Corporate Governance Guidelines to assist it in making independence determinations for each director of our
Board. The Corporate Governance Guidelines define an independent director to align with the definition provided under the
corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (collectively, the Nasdaq Rules ). Under Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2),
a director is not independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that they do not have a direct or indirect relationship which,
in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director
of the Company. Directors who serve on the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee are subject to the additional independence requirements
under applicable SEC rules and Nasdaq Rules. 

It
is the policy of the Board to make affirmative independence determinations for all directors at least annually in connection with the
preparation of the Company s proxy statement. In making independence determinations, the Board will broadly consider all relevant
facts and circumstances in addition to the requirements of Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2). 

The
Board undertook its annual review of director independence. As a result of this review, the Board affirmatively determined that Messrs.
McGahan, Battles and Kounoupias are independent within the meaning of the Nasdaq Rules, including with respect to their respective committee
service. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is independent for purposes of service on the
Audit Committee in accordance with Section 10A(m)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
and that each member of the Compensation Committee is independent for purposes of service on the Compensation Committee
in accordance with Section 10C(a)(3) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Audit
Fees 

On
September 27, 2022, Armanino LLP Armanino resigned as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company,
effective immediately. On October 7, 2022, the Audit Committee approved the engagement of Yusufali Associates, LLC Yusufali as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm, effective immediately, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022. The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to us for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 by Yusufali: 

2022 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 325,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 

Total: 
 325,000 

(1)
 
 Audit
 Fees represent the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for the audits of the annual financial statements and
 the Company s internal control over financial reporting; for review of the consolidated financial statements included in the
 Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filings; for the audits and reviews of certain of our subsidiaries; and for services
 that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

(2)
 
 Audit-Related
 Fees represent the aggregate fees billed for assurance and other services related to the performance of the audit or review of our
 consolidated financial statements and that are not reported under paragraph (1) above. These services include due diligence related
 to mergers and acquisitions and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3)
 
 Tax
 Fees represent the aggregate fees billed for international tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning services. 

(4)
 
 All
 Other Fees represent fees billed for all other services. 

84 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Procedures for Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
Audit Committee has sole authority to engage and determine the compensation of our independent registered public accounting firm. The
Audit Committee also is directly responsible for evaluating the independent registered public accounting firm, reviewing and evaluating
the lead partner of the independent registered public accounting firm and overseeing the work of the independent registered public accounting
firm. In addition, and pursuant to its charter and the Company s Audit and Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy, the Audit Committee
annually reviews and pre-approves the audit services to be provided by Armanino LLP, and also reviews and pre-approves the engagement
of Armanino LLP for the provision of other services during the year, including audit-related, tax and other permissible non-audit. For
each proposed service, the Company s management and the independent registered public accounting firm are required to jointly submit
to the Audit Committee detailed supporting documentation at the time of approval to permit the Audit Committee to make a determination
as to whether the provision of such services would impair the independent registered public accounting firm s independence, and
whether the fees for the services are appropriate. 

Changes
in Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Resignation
of Armanino LLP 

As
previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 12, 2022 (the October 12, 2022 Form 8-K ),
the Audit Committee approved on October 7, 2022 the engagement of Yusufali as the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, effective on the same day. As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the SEC on October 6, 2022 (the October 6, 2022 Form 8-K ), Armanino resigned as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm on September 27, 2022, effectively immediately. 

As
 previously disclosed in the October 6, 2022 Form 8-K, Armanino s report on the Company s
 financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 did
 not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor was it qualified or modified
 as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. In addition, there were no disagreements
 between the Company and Armanino on accounting principles or practices, financial statement
 disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of
 Armanino, would have caused them to make reference to the disagreement in their report for
 such period, or any subsequent interim period preceding Armanino s resignation. However,
 on July 20, 2022, the Company was advised by Armanino, its registered independent public
 accountant for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, that the audited financial statements
 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the unaudited financial statements for the quarter
 ended March 31, 2022, should no longer be relied upon. Armanino advised and determined subsequent
 to the audit and review of such financial statements, respectively, that a Company subsidiary
 entered into a line of credit in January 2022 that was not disclosed in the footnotes to
 the December 31, 2021 financial statements and was not recorded in the March 31, 2022 financial
 statements. 

As
previously disclosed in the October 6, 2022 Form 8-K, during the Company s two audited fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and
December 31, 2020, and the subsequent interim period through September 27, 2022, Armanino identified the following reportable events
of the type described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K: based on Armanino s evaluation of the facts and circumstances pertaining
to matters disclosed in the Company s recent Form 8-K filings regarding the resignations of certain officers and directors, Armanino
is unable to rely on the representations of management. 

The
Company provided Armanino with a copy of the foregoing disclosures and has requested that Armanino furnish the Company with a letter
addressed to the SEC stating whether it agrees with the statements made by the Company set forth above. A copy of Armanino s letter,
dated October 7, 2022, was filed as Exhibit 16.1 to the amendment to the October 12, 2022 Form 8-K. 

85 

Dismissal
of Marcum LLP in connection with the Business Combination 

As
previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021 (the November 15, 2021 Form 8-K ),
following the Business Combination Closing, the Audit Committee engaged Armanino LLP as the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 and approved the dismissal of Marcum LLP as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm on November 10, 2021, effective on the same day. Prior to the Business Combination, Marcum LLP served
as TDAC s independent registered public accounting firm and Armanino LLP served as AutoLotto s independent registered public
accounting firm. 

The
 reports of Marcum LLP on the Company s financial statements as of and for the two most
 recent audited fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 did not contain
 an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainties,
 audit scope or accounting principles. 

During
the Company s two audited fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, and the subsequent interim period through
November 10, 2021, there were no disagreements between the Company and Marcum LLP on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Marcum LLP, would have
caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in its reports on the Company s financial statements for
such years. 

During
the Company s two audited fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, and the subsequent interim period through
November 10, 2021, there were no reportable events (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange
Act). 

The
Company provided Marcum LLP with a copy of the foregoing disclosures and has requested that Marcum furnish the Company with a letter
addressed to the SEC stating whether it agrees with the statements made by the Company set forth above. A copy of Marcum s letter,
dated November 12, 2021, was filed as Exhibit 16.1 to the November 15, 2021 Form 8-K. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(1)
Financial Statements 

The
consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Report. 

86 

(2)
Exhibits 

The
exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Report or incorporated herein by reference to the location indicated. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2021, by and among Trident Acquisitions Corp., Trident Merger Sub II Corp., and AutoLotto, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on February 23, 2021). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Lottery.com Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Lottery.com Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2018, between TDAC and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on June 4, 2018). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on April 1, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement among Trident Acquisitions Corp., Trident Acquisitions Corp. s officers, directors and stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-223655) filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on May 21, 2018). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement between Trident Acquisitions Corp., Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial stockholders of Trident Acquisitions Corp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on June 4, 2018). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Services Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2020, by and between AutoLotto, Inc. and Master Goblin Games LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-257734), filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on October 5, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Services Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2021, by and between AutoLotto, Inc. and Master Goblin Games LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-257734), filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on October 5, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2021, by and among Lottery.com Inc., AutoLotto, Inc. and the security holders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Initial Stockholder Forfeiture Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2021, by and among Lottery.com Inc., AutoLotto, Inc. and the security holders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 
 
 10.7# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2021, by and between Lawrence Anthony DiMatteo III and AutoLotto, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 
 
 10.8# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2021, by and between Matthew Clemenson and AutoLotto, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 
 
 10.9# 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated March 23, 2022, by and between Matthew Clemenson and Lottery.com (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on April 1, 2022). 
 
 10.10# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2021, by and between Ryan Dickinson and AutoLotto, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 
 
 10.11# 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated March 23, 2022, by and between Ryan Dickinson and Lottery.com (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on April 1, 2022). 
 
 10.12# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2021, by and between Kathryn Lever and AutoLotto, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on April 1, 2022). 
 
 10.13# 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2022, by and between Kathryn Lever and Lottery.com Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on April 1, 2022). 
 
 10.14# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 
 
 10.15# 
 
 AutoLotto, Inc. 2015 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 

87 

10.16# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the AutoLotto, Inc. 2015 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 
 
 10.17# 
 
 Lottery.com 2021 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-257734), filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on October 5, 2021). 
 
 10.18# 
 
 Form of Option Award Agreement under the Lottery.com 2021 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on April 1, 2022). 
 
 10.19# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Lottery.com 2021 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on April 1, 2022). 
 
 10.20# 
 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Lottery.com 2021 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on April 1, 2022). 
 
 10.21# 
 
 Resignation and Release Agreement, dated July 22, 2022, by and between Lottery.com and Lawrence Anthony DiMatteo III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 
 
 10.22# 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between AutoLotto, Inc. dba Lottery.com and Simpexe, LLC, specifically Harry Dhaliwal, dated July 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on July 6, 2022). 
 
 10.23+ 
 
 Master Affiliate Agreement, dated as of October 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on May 16, 2022). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Loan Agreement (Deed), dated December 7, 2022, between Lottery.com and Woodford Eurasia Assets Ltd, as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on May 10, 2023). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Loan Agreement Deed, Debenture Deed and Securitization, dated December 7, 2022, between Lottery.com and Woodford Eurasia Assets Ltd, as security holder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on May 10, 2023). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Business Loan Agreement dated January 4, 2022, between Autolotto, Inc. and The Provident Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on May 22, 2023). 
 
 10.27 
 
 30,000,000 Promissory Note dated January 4, 2022, between Autolotto, Inc. and The Provident Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on May 22, 2023). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Amendment and Restatement Agreement in respect of Loan Agreement (Deed) dated 7 December 2022, between Lottery.com and Woodford Eurasia Assets Ltd. 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Marcum LLP to the SEC, dated November 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 15, 2021). 
 
 16.2 
 
 Letter from Armanino LLP to the SEC, dated October 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 of Amendment No. 1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on October 12, 2022. 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Lottery.com Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Lottery.com with the SEC on November 4, 2021). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Inline
 XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

Certain
 schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish
 copies of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 + 
 Certain
 portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). The Registrant agrees to furnish an unredacted
 copy of the exhibit to the SEC upon its request. 

# 
 Indicates
 management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item
 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

88 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

LOTTERY.COM
 INC. 

Date:
 June 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mark Gustavson 

Name:
 
 Mark
 Gustavson 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Mark Gustavson and Matthew McGahan,
and each or any one of them, their true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for
them and in their name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report, and to file the same,
with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting
unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite
and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause
to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/
 Mark Gustavson 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 June 15, 2023 
 
 Mark
 Gustavson 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Matthew McGahan 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 June 15, 2023 
 
 Matthew
 McGahan 

/s/
 Barney Battles 
 
 Director 
 
 June 15, 2023 
 
 Barney
 Battles 

/s/
 Nick Kounoupias 
 
 Director 
 
 June 15, 2023 
 
 Nick
 Kounoupias 

89 

<EX-10.28>
 2
 ex10-28.htm

Exhibit
10.28 

Dated
12 June 2023 

Amendment
and Restatement Agreement 

 in
respect of a 

Loan
Agreement (Deed) 

 dated 7 December 2022 

between 

Woodford
Eurasia Assets Ltd 

 as
Lender 

and 

Lottery.com
Inc 

 as
Borrower 

White Case LLP 

 5 Old
Broad Street 

 London EC2N IDW 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 1. 
 Definitions
 and Interpretation 
 I 

2. 
 Amendment
 and Restatement of the Loan Agreement 
 2 

3. 
 Confirmations 
 2 

4. 
 Revocation
 of the Acceleration Notice 
 2 

5. 
 Representations
 and Warranties 
 2 

6. 
 Costs
 and Expenses 
 3 

7. 
 Incorporation
 of Terms 
 3 

8. 
 Counterparts 
 3 

9. 
 Governing
 Law 
 3 

10. 
 Enforcement 
 3 

Schedule
 1 
 Conditions
 Precedent 
 4 
 
 Schedule
 2 
 The
 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement 
 5 

i 

This
Agreement is dated 12 June 2023 and made between: 

(1) WOODFORD
 EURASIA ASSETS LTD, a company existing under the laws of England and Wales, having its
 registered office at: IO Foster Lane, 3rd Floor, London EC2V 6HR, the United Kingdom (the
 Lender ); and 

(2) Lottery.com,
 INC, a company existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, having its registered
 office at: 20808 State Hwy. 71W, Unit B, Spicewood, Texas 78669, the United States (the Borrower ). 

Whereas: 

(A) Reference
 is made to the loan agreement dated 7 December 2022 between the Lender and the Borrower as
 amended, restated, supplemented, varied or extended from time to time (the Loan
 Agreement ). 

(B) The
 parties wish to amend and restate the Loan Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions
 set out in this Agreement. 

(C) It
 is intended that this Agreement takes effect as a deed notwithstanding the fact that a party
 may only execute this Agreement under hand. 

It
 is agreed as follows: 

1. Definitions
 and Interpretation 

1.1 Interpretation 

(a) Save
 as defined in this Agreement, words and expressions defined m the Loan Agreement shall have
 the same meanings in this Agreement. 

(b) Clauses
 1.2 (Construction) and 1.3 (Third Party rights) of the Loan Agreement shall
 be deemed to be incorporated into this Agreement save that references in the Loan Agreement
 to this Agreement shall be construed as references to this Agreement. 

1.2 Definitions 

In
this Agreement the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 

Acceleration
Notice means the notice from the Lender to the Borrower dated 31 May 2023. 

Amended
Loan Agreement means the Loan Agreement, as amended and restated by this Agreement. 

Effective
Date means the later of the date of this Agreement and the date on which the Lender confirms in writing to the Borrower that
it has received all of the documents and other evidence listed in Schedule I (Conditions Precedent), in each case, in form and
substance satisfactory to it. 

Sports.com means a
company existing under the laws of the State of Texas, having its registered office at: 20808 State Hwy. 71W, Unit B, Spicewood, Texas
78669, the United States. 

1 

2. Amendment
 and Restatement of the Loan Agreement 

2.1 Pursuant
 to the terms of the Loan Agreement, each Party consents to the amendments and restatement
 to the Loan Agreement contemplated by this Agreement. 

2.2 With
 effect from the Effective Date: 

(a) the
 Facilities Agreement shall be amended and restated on the terms set out in amended and restated
 facilities agreement in the form set out in Schedule 2 (The Amended and Restated Facilities
 Agreement); and 

(b) all
 references in the Loan Agreement to this Agreement shall include the Loan Agreement
 as amended by this Agreement. 

2.3 With
 effect from the Effective Date, the Loan Agreement and this Agreement shall be read and construed
 as one document and references in the Loan Agreement and in each Transaction Document shall
 be read and construed as references to the Loan Agreement as amended and restated by this
 Agreement; and save as amended and restated by this Agreement, the Loan Agreement and each
 Transaction Document to which it is a party shall continue in full force and effect. 

3. Confirmations 

3.1 The
 Borrower confirms that after giving effect to the amendments effected by this Agreement,
 each of the security interests created under the Debenture: 

(a) continue
 in full force and effect as security for the payment or discharge of all present and future
 obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent and whether owed jointly or severally
 or in any other capacity whatsoever) of the Borrower to the Lender under the Transaction
 Documents (including, without limitation, the Amended Loan Agreement). 

(b) continue
 to constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable in accordance
 with their terms. 

3.2 
 The Borrower shall, at the request of the Lender and at its
own expense, do all such acts and things necessary or desirable to give effect to the amendments effected or to be effected pursuant
to this Agreement. 

4. Revocation
 of the Acceleration Notice 

4.1 The
 Lender hereby agrees, with effect on and from the Effective Date, to revoke the Acceleration
 Notice in its entirety, so that the payment terms (including that relating to principal repayment
 and accrual and payment of interest) are restored as if no Acceleration Notice had been issued
 by the Lender. 

4.2 The
 Borrower acknowledges and agrees that as of the date of this Agreement the total amount outstanding
 under the Loan Agreement (including principal and interest) is USD 2,159,838.15. 

5. Representations
 and Warranties 

The
Borrower on the date of execution of this Agreement and the Effective Date makes the representations and warranties set out in Clause
5 (Borrower s Representations and Warranties) of the Loan Agreement as if references to this Agreement in
those representations were references to this Agreement. 

2 

6. Costs
 and Expenses 

The
provisions of Clause 23 (Costs) of the Loan Agreement shall apply to this Agreement as if it were expressly set out in this Agreement
with the necessary changes being made and with each reference in the Loan Agreement to this Agreement being construed as
references to this Agreement. 

7. Incorporation
 of Terms 

The
terms of clauses 12 (Notices), 17 (Invalidity) and 22 (Remedies) of the Loan Agreement shall be deemed to be incorporated
into this Agreement save that references in the Facilities Agreement to this Agreement shall be construed as references
to this Agreement. 

8. Counterparts 

This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and all of such counterparties taken together shall be deemed to constitute one
and the same instrument. 

9. Governing
 Law 

This
Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or their subject matter, existence, negotiation,
validity, termination, enforceability or breach (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, English law. 

10. Enforcement 

Any
dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination,
shall be referred to and finally resolved by the LCIA under the LCIA Rules (the Rules ), which Rules are deemed to
be incorporated by reference into this clause. The number of arbitrators shall be one (I). The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall
be London, the United Kingdom. The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English. The Parties agree that any restriction
in the Rules upon the nomination or appointment of an arbitrator by reason of nationality shall not apply to any arbitration commenced
pursuant to this clause. Any decision under such arbitration proceedings shall be final and binding on the Parties. The tribunal shall
order an unsuccessful Party in the arbitration to pay the legal and other costs incurred in connection with the arbitration by a successful
Party. Each Party consents to be joined in the arbitration commenced under the arbitration agreement set out in this clause 10. For the
avoidance of doubt, this clause 10 constitutes each Party s consent to joinder in writing for the purposes of the Rules. Each Party
agrees to be bound by any award rendered in the arbitration, to which it was joined pursuant to this clause 10. Each Party consents to
the consolidation, in accordance with the Rules, of two (2) or more arbitrations commenced under the arbitration agreement set out in
this clause 10. For the avoidance of doubt, this clause 10 constitutes each Party s agreement to consolidation in writing for the
purposes of the Rules. 

This
Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement and executed as a deed by the Borrower and is intended
to be and is delivered by them as a deed on the date specified above. 

3 

Schedule
1 

Conditions
Precedent 

I. The
 Borrower and Sports.com 

(a) A
 copy of the constitutional documents of the Borrower and Sports.com. 

(b) A
 copy of a resolution of the authorised governing body of the Borrower: 

(i) approving
 the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Transaction Documents listed in paragraph
 2 below to which it is a pa1iy and resolving that it execute, deliver and perform the Transaction
 Documents listed in paragraph 2 below to which it is a party; 

(ii) authorising
 a specified person or persons to execute the Transaction Documents listed in paragraph 2
 below to which it is a party on its behalf; and 

(iii) authorising
 a specified person or persons, on its behalf, to sign and/or despatch all documents and notices
 to be signed and/or despatched by it under or in connection with the Transaction Documents
 listed in paragraph 2 below to which it is a party. 

(c) A
 specimen of the signature of each person authorised by the resolution referred to in paragraph
 (b) above. 

(d) A
 certificate of a director of the Borrower, ce1iifying that each copy document relating to
 it specified in this Schedule I is correct, complete and in full force and effect as at a
 date no earlier than the date of this Agreement. 

2. Finance
 Documents 

(a) A
 copy of this Agreement duly executed by the Borrower. 

3. Other
 Documents and Evidence 

(a) Evidence
 that the fees, costs and expenses then due pursuant to clause 6 (Costs and Expenses) have
 been paid or will be paid. 

(b) A
 copy of any Authorisation or other document, opinion or assurance which, in the opinion of
 the Agent, is necessary or desirable in connection with the entry into and performance of
 the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or for the validity and enforceability of
 this Agreement. 

(c) Evidence
to the reasonable satisfaction of the Lender that Sp01is.com becomes the sole holder of all intellectual property and other applicable
rights to domain sports.com . 

4 

Schedule
2 

 The
Amended and Restated Loan Agreement 

5 

Signatories 

Executed
as a Deed 

The Borrower 

Lottery.com Inc 

By:
 /s/Matthew
 McGahan 

Matthew
McGahan 

Chairman 

6/12/2023 

The
 Lender 

Woodford
 Eurasia Assets Ltd 

By: 
 /s/
 Alex Smotlak 

Alex Smotlak 

Director 

6/12/2023 

6 

Exhibit
B 

7 

SCHEDULE
2 

 AMENDED
AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT 

WOODFORD
EURASIA ASSETS LTD 

 as
Lender 

and 

LOTTERY.COM
INC 

 as
Borrower 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT (DEED) 

originally
dated 7 December 2022 and amended and restated on 12 June 2023 

8 

CONFIDENTIAL 

CONTENTS 

Clause 
 
 Page 

I. 
 Definitions
 and interpretation 
 I 

2. 
 Loan 
 14 

3. 
 Purpose 
 19 

4. 
 Repayment
 
 I9 

5. 
 Borrower s
 representations and warranties 
 20 

6. 
 Borrower s
 undertakings 
 22 

7. 
 Security 
 25 

8. 
 Default 
 25 

9. 
 Events
 of default 
 25 

l
 0. 
 Conversion 
 26 

11. 
 Warrants 
 29 

12. 
 Sports
 Option and Equity Contribution 
 30 

13. 
 Notices 
 32 

14. 
 Confidentiality 
 35 

15. 
 Counterparts 
 36 

16. 
 Variation,
 waiver and consent. 
 37 

17. 
 Entire
 agreement 
 37 

18. 
 Invalidity 
 37 

19. 
 Further
 assurance 
 37 

20. 
 Third
 party rights 
 38 

21. 
 Assignment 
 38 

22. 
 Surviving
 provisions 
 38 

23. 
 Remedies 
 38 

24. 
 Costs 
 39 

25. 
 Governing
 law and jurisdiction 
 39 

26. 
 Governing
 language 
 39 

9 

This
loan agreement (the Agreement is originally made as a deed on 7 December 2022 and subsequently amended and restated
by an amendment and restated agreement executed as a deed on 12 June 2023 by and between: 

PARTIES 

(1) WOODFORD
 EURASIA ASSETS LTD, a company existing under the laws of England and Wales, having its
 registered office at: IO Foster Lane, 3 d Floor, London EC2V 6HR, the United Kingdom
 (the Lender ); and 

(2) LOTTERY.COM,
 INC, a company existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, having its registered
 office at: 20808 State Hwy. 71W, Unit B, Spicewood, Texas 78669, the United States (the Borrower ). 

The
Lender and the Borrower are jointly referred to as the Parties and each individually as a Party . 

RECITALS 

(A) The
 Lender has agreed to provide certain financing to the Borrower on the terms set out in this
 Agreement. 

(B) Each
 Party enters into this Agreement m consideration of the other Party entering into this Agreement
 and accepting its terms. 

IT
IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS: 

1. DEFINITIONS
 AND INTERPRETATION 

1.1 Definitions 

In
this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

1st Amendment Agreement means the amendment and restatement agreement to this Agreement dated 12 June 2023; 

Accordion 
 means the principal amount of USD50,000,000 (or such other amount or type of financing in lieu of loan as the Parties may agree in
writing) made or to be made available by the Lender on the terms of this Agreement, with the pricing being consistent with the Initial
Loan; 

Affiliate 
 means, with respect to any person, any other person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with such person in each case from time to time; 

Applicable
Law means any applicable law, statute, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, resolution, order, decree, judgments, awards and
decisions of any court, arbitral tribunal or competent authority permit or variance of any governmental entity, or any binding agreement
with any governmental entity, in each case having force of law; 

Board 
 means the board of directors of the Borrower as constituted from time to time; 

Business Day means a day other than Saturday and Sunday or public holiday in London (the United
Kingdom) or New York (the US) and on which banks generally are open in London (the United Kingdom) or New York (the US) for the transaction
of normal banking business, and, where used to specify the period, within which any act is to be done or not to be done, a day other 

10 

than
a day, which is a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in any jurisdiction, in which such act is to be done or not to be done; 

Conditions 
 has the meaning given in clause 2.3(a); 

Conversion 
 means the conversion of an amount of the Initial Loan and Accordion together with the accrued interest, in whole or in part, as determined
by the Lender at its sole discretion, into the Conversion Shares in accordance with clause 10 (Conversion); 

Conversion
Date has the meaning given in clause 10.3 Completion); 

Conversion
Price means USD 0.10 per Share; 

Conversion
Shares means the Shares to be issued in favour of the Lender during the Conversion, the amount of which shall be calculated
at the following price per one (I) Share: the lowest publicly available price per one (I) Share within 10 Business days of the date of
this Agreement (with a 20 discount); 

Debenture 
 means the debenture (deed) entered into by and between the Parties in relation to ce1iain assets of the Borrower on or about the
date of this Agreement; 

Encumbrance 
 means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, option, restriction, assignment, hypothecation, security interest, title retention or any
other agreement or arrangement, the effect of which is the creation of security, or the creation of a right to acquire (including any
option, right of first refusal or right of pre-emption), third party right or interest, other encumbrance or security interest or derivative
interest of any kind, or any other type of preferential arrangement (including a title transfer or retention arrangement) having similar
effect and any agreement to create any of the foregoing, and Encumber shall be construed accordingly; 

Event
of Default has the meaning given in clause 9.1 (Event of Default); 

IFRS 
 means the International Financial Reporting Standards, together with the pronouncements on the above from time to time, and applied
on a consistent basis; 

Indebtedness 
 means, in respect of any company or other entity, any borrowing or indebtedness in the nature of borrowing (including any indebtedness
for monies borrowed or raised under any bank or third party guarantee, acceptance credit, bond, note, bill of exchange or commercial
paper, letter of credit, finance lease, hire purchase agreement, forward sale or purchase agreement or conditional sale agreement or
other transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing and all finance, loan and other obligations of a kind required to be included
in the balance sheet of a company or other entity pursuant to the IFRS; 

Initial
Loan means the principal amount of USD2,500,000 made or to be made available by the Lender on the terms of this Agreement; 

Initial
Loan Disbursement Date has the meaning given in clause 2.3(e); 

Initial
Loan Maturity Date has the meaning given in clause 4.1(a)(i); 

Interim
CEO means Mr. Sohail Quraeshi or such other CEO of the Borrower from time to time; 

Loan 
 means together: 

(a) the
 principal amount of the Initial Loan; and 

11 

(b) if
 applicable, the principal amount of the Accordion; 

Material
Adverse Effect means any circumstance or event not explicitly and in writing disclosed to the Lender and/or subsequent to
the date of this Agreement (including the commencement of any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding, change of law) which,
in the opinion of the Lender, has caused or evolved to a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or assets of the
Borrower or the ability of the Borrower to comply with its obligations under the Transaction Documents, wherein any such Material
Adverse Effect has not been waived in writing by the Lender within five (5) business days of its occurrence; 

Option
Exercise Notice has the meaning given to that term in clause 12.l(c); 

Option
Price has the meaning given to that term in clause 12.1(b); 

Option
Shares has the meaning given to that term in clause 12.1(c)(i); 

Paying
Agent means any Affiliate or any related party of the Lender acting as the Lender paying agent; 

Repayable
Amount means an amount equal to the Loan disbursed by the Lender to the Borrower or otherwise provided on the terms of this
Agreement plus interest accrued as specified in clause 2.2 (Interest), from time to time; 

Shares 
 means the highest-ranking shares of common stock in the Borrower from time to time; 

Sports
Option means the option for common shares in Sports.com issued by the Borrower in favour of the Lender on the terms set out
in clause 12 (Sports Option and Equity Contribution); 

Sports.com 
 means a company existing under the laws of the State of Texas, having its registered office at: 20808 State Hwy. 71W, Unit B, Spicewood,
Texas 78669, the United States; 

Sports.com
Shares means all of the shares in Sports.com from time to time; 

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the 1st Amendment Agreement, the Debenture, any Warrant, any Sports Option and any other documents
contemplated by any of them; 

Transferee 
 means any person designated by the Lender, to whom the Borrower shall transfer the relevant Shares on the terms of this Agreement;
and 

Warrants 
 has the meaning given in clause l l(a). 

1.2 Headings 

Clause
headings and the table of contents are inse1ied for ease of reference only and shall not affect construction. 

1.3 Recitals,
 etc. 

References
to this Agreement include the Recitals, which form pati of this Agreement for all purposes. References in this Agreement to the Parties,
the Recitals and clauses are references respectively to the Parties, the Recitals and clauses of this Agreement. 

1.4 Meaning
 of references 

Save
where specifically required or indicated otherwise: 

12 

(a) words
 importing one (I) gender shall be treated as importing any gender, words importing individuals
 shall be treated as importing companies and vice versa, words importing the singular
 shall be treated as importing the plural and vice versa, and words importing the whole
 shall be treated as including a reference to any part of the whole; 

(b) a
 reference to the Transaction Documents and, in particular, this Agreement or to any other
 agreement or document referred to in this Agreement is a reference to this the Transaction
 Documents or such other document or agreement as amended, supplemented, varied or novated
 from time to time; 

(c) a
 reference to the Borrower or the Lender shall,
 where relevant, be construed so as to include their respective successors in title, permitted
 transferees or assignees (whether immediate or derivative); 

(d) the
 Event of Default being described as continuing means that it has neither
 been remedied to the satisfaction of the Lender nor expressly waived in writing (including
 by email) by the Lender; 

(e) references
 to a person shall include any individual, firm, body corporate, unincorporated
 association, government, state or agency of state, association, joint venture or partnership,
 in each case whether or not having a separate legal personality; 

(f) references
 to a company shall be construed so as to include any company, corporation
 or other body corporate wherever and however incorporated or established, and so as to include
 any company in succession to all, or substantially all, of the business of that company or
 firm; 

(g) references
 to the word include , including or in particular 
 (or any similar term) are not to be construed as implying any limitation, except where
 made together with words like exclusively (or any similar term) and
 general words introduced by the word other (or any similar term) shall
 not be given a restrictive meaning by reason of the fact that they are preceded by words
 indicating a particular class of acts, matters or things; 

(h) reference
 to writing or written includes any method of reproducing
 words or text in a legible and non-transitory form, and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall
 not include email, unless this Agreement provides to the contrary; and 

(i) references
 to USD are to the lawful currency of the United States of America from
 time to time. 

1.5 Understanding
 of time 

Time
periods in this Agreement shall be understood in the following way: 

(a) references
 to times of the day are to that time in London, the United Kingdom (unless otherwise stipulated); 

(b) references
 to a day are to a period of twenty four (24) hours running from midnight
 to midnight; 

(c) references
 to a year are to a calendar year, meaning any period of twelve (12)
 consecutive months; and 

13 

(d) if
 a period of time is specified as from a given day, or from the day of an act or event, it
 shall be calculated exclusive of that day. 

1.6 Inconsistencies 

(a) Where
 there is any inconsistency between the definitions set out in this clause I (Definitions
 and inte1pretation) and the definitions set out in any clause, then, for the purposes
 of construing such clause, the definitions set out in such clause shall prevail. 

(b) Where
 there is any inconsistency between any number in words in this Agreement and the same
 number in digits determined in brackets, then for the purpose of construing such number,
 number in words shall prevail. 

I . 7 
 Meaning of undefined terms 

If
a word or term used in this Agreement is not defined in this clause I (Definitions and inte1pretation), it shall have the meaning
ascribed to it in the text of this Agreement. 

1.8 
 Negotiation of
 Agreement 

The
Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation
arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Patties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favouring
or disfavouring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 

2. LOAN 

2.1 Amount
 of Loan 

Subject
to the terms of this Agreement and in reliance on the representations and warranties contained in clause 5 (Borrower s representations
and warranties), the Lender agrees to make available and lend to the Borrower, and the Borrower agrees to borrow, the Initial Loan,
and, subject to clause 2.4 (Accordion), the Accordion. 

2.2 Interest 

(a) The
 Borrower shall pay to the Lender interest on the Initial Loan at the rate of twelve (12)
per cent per annum, subject to the following: 

(i) interest
 shall accrue daily, starting from the first Initial Loan Disbursement Date, on the outstanding
 principal amount of the Initial Loan and shall be calculated on the basis of actual number
 of days elapsed and a year of three hundred and sixty five (365) days; 

(ii) the
 interest accrued on the outstanding amount of the Initial Loan shall be repaid on the Initial
 Loan Maturity Date, together with the relevant amount of the Initial Loan; and 

(iii) if
 the Borrower fails to make any payment due under this Agreement on the due date for payment,
 interest on the unpaid amount of the Initial Loan shall accrue daily, from the date of non-payment
 to the date of achial payment, at 10 above the rate specified in this clause 2.2(a). Interest
 accrued under this clause 2.2(a)(iii) shall be immediately payable by the Borrower on demand
 from the Lender. 

14 

(b) The
 Parties may (but are not obliged to) agree on the relevant interest rate on the Accordion
 and other relevant terms pursuant to clause 2.4(a)(iii). If the Parties agree on the relevant
 interest rate, it shall be repaid on the Accordion Maturity Date (as this term is defined
 in clause 4.1(a)(ii)), and clauses 2.2(a)(i) through 2.2(a)(iii) shall apply mutatis mutandis
 to such interest, in each case, unless the Parties agree otherwise in writing. 

2.3 Disbursement
 of Initial Loan 

(a) The
 Initial Loan shall be disbursed by the Lender in such amounts and at such times prior to
 the termination of this Agreement as the Borrower may request on the terms of the remaining
 provisions of this clause 2.3, in each case, subject to the Borrower satisfying or procuring
 the satisfaction of, to the fullest extent applicable, all conditions set out in clause 2.5
 (Conditions) (together the Conditions on the relevant Initial
 Loan Disbursement Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Lender shall not be obliged to transfer
 (or procure the transfer by the Paying Agent of) any amount of the Initial Loan to the Borrower
 or otherwise, unless all the Conditions have been satisfied and continue to be satisfied
 on the relevant Initial Loan Disbursement Date. 

(b) Unless
 the Parties agree otherwise in writing and subject to 2.3(a) above, the Lender shall (or
 shall procure that its Paying Agent shall) disburse the Initial Loan in the following two
 (2) tranches: 

(i) the
 first tranche in the total amount of USDI ,250,000 Initial Loan Tranche 1 );
 and 

(ii) the
 second tranche in the total amount of USD1,250,000 Initial Loan Tranche 2 
 and, together with Initial Loan Tranche I, the Initial Loan Tranches ), 

in
each case, to be provided by the Lender to the Borrower or otherwise in one (I) or several instalments (for the avoidance of doubt, this
clause 2.3(b) shall not limit the number of such instalments) as the Interim CEO reasonably directs pursuant to clause 2.3(c). 

(c) If
 the Borrower wishes to draw any amount of any of the Initial Loan Tranches, the Borrower
 shall procure that the Interim CEO shall give the Lender a request (each such request being
 an Initial Loan Tranche Request in writing specifying: 

(i) the
 amount of the Initial Loan to be disbursed; 

(ii) the
 intended disbursement date, which shall be not less than five (5) Business Days following
 the date of the Lender s receipt of the relevant Initial Loan Tranche Request; 

(iii) the
 recipient (the Borrower or any third-party recipient) and the relevant bank account details
 of the payment recipient; 

(iv) the
 purpose of the relevant payment; and 

15 

(v) any
additional details reasonably sufficient for the Lender to transfer the relevant amount of any of the Initial Loan Tranches pursuant
to such Initial Loan Tranche Request, in any case, provided that the total amounts of Initial Loan Tranche 1 and Initial Loan Tranche
2 so transferred pursuant to this clause 2.3(c) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any amounts set out in clauses 2.3(g)(i) and
2.3(g)(ii)) shall not exceed the amounts set out in clauses 2.3(b)(i) and 2.3(b)(ii), as applicable, unless the Parties agree otherwise
in writing. 

(d) Each
 Initial Loan Tranche Request shall be irrevocable and oblige the Borrower to borrow the respective
 amount of the Initial Loan on the terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, there
 may be several Initial Loan Tranche Requests up until the Initial Loan is disbursed by the
 Lender in full. 

(e) The
 Lender shall (or shall procure that its Paying Agent shall), within five (5) Business Days
 upon the Lender receiving the relevant Initial Loan Tranche Request or on such other later
 reasonable date as the CEO indicates in the Initial Loan Tranche Request, disburse the amount
 of the Initial Loan specified in the relevant Initial Loan Tranche Request or such lower
 amount as the Parties may agree in writing to the bank account as notified in the relevant
 Initial Loan Tranche Request, with value date as of the date of the disbursement (each such
 value date being the Initial Loan Disbursement Date ), in each case,
 subject to clause 2.5 (Conditions). 

(f) The
 obligation of the Lender to disburse the relevant amount of the Initial Loan shall be deemed
 duly performed after the funds in the respective amount (including, for the avoidance of
 doubt, to cover the relevant Borrower s expenses and/or costs) were duly debited from
 the bank account of the Lender, its Paying Agent and/or any other person acting on behalf
 of the Lender, as applicable. 

(g) The
 Parties hereby confirm and acknowledge that: 

(i) the
 Lender s obligation to disburse the relevant amount of the Initial Loan pursuant to
 this clause 2.3 may be performed: 

(A) by
 transferring such amount to any third-party recipient indicated in the relevant Initial Loan
 Tranche Request (including, for the avoidance of doubt, to pay the Borrower s bills);
 and 

(B) by
 the Lender s Paying Agent, 

and
the disbursement of any amount of the Initial Loan as set out in clauses 2.3(g)(i)(A) and 2.3(g)(i)(B), as applicable, shall be deemed
to be due fulfilment of the Lender s obligation to disburse the respective amount of the Initial Loan and shall be accounted and
accepted in discharge of the Initial Loan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Lender may, at its discretion and in lieu of
the relevant disbursement of any amount of the Initial Loan, finance some or all of the Borrower s costs and/or expenses (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, by paying to the Borrower s suppliers). In this case, such payments shall be accounted and accepted
in discharge of the amounts of the Initial Loan to be disbursed by the Lender under this Agreement; and 

(ii) any
 amounts of financing provided or caused to be provided by the Lender and/or its Paying Agent
 and/or any other person acting on behalf of the Lender, in each case to the Borrower, another
 person indicated by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other person as determined at the
 Lender s sole discretion to cover any costs and/or expenses of the Borrower, shall
 be accounted and accepted in discharge of the amounts of the Initial Loan to be disbursed
 by the Lender under this Agreement. 

16 

2.4 Accordion 

(a) Subject
 to clause 2.5 (Conditions) and the Borrower s written request, the Lender may
 (but is not obliged to) agree to provide additional funding (the Accordion) to the Borrower
 (or as the Parties may otherwise agree), in which case the Parties shall apply the following
 terms (without prejudice to the Parties right to agree otherwise in writing): 

(i) the
 Accordion being provided in the following (2) tranches: 

(A) USD20,000,000;
 and 

(B) 
 USD30,000,000, 

in
each case, to be provided: 

(A) by
 the Lender to the Borrower (or as the Parties otherwise agree) in one (I) or several instalments
 (for the avoidance of doubt, this clause shall not limit the number of such instalments)
 as the Parties may agree in writing or, if so agreed between the Parties in writing, as the
 as the Interim CEO reasonably directs, in which case clause 2.3(c) shall apply mutatis
 mutandis; and 

(B) subject
 to the Parties agreeing the business plan of the Borrower; 

(ii) any
 obligation to provide the Accordion commencing on the expiry of thirty (30) days following
 the first Initial Loan Disbursement Date or as the Parties otherwise agree in writing; and 

(iii) such
 other terms and conditions being agreed between the Patties, which shall be at all times
 consistent with the terms and conditions of the Initial Loan set out in this Agreement. 

(b) Unless
 the Patties agree otherwise in writing, clauses 2.3(f) and 2.3(g) shall apply mutatis
 mutandis to the Accordion provided pursuant to this clause 2.4. 

2.5 Conditions 

(a) Disbursement
 of any amounts of the Loan shall be at all times conditional on the following Conditions
 having been satisfied and continuing to be satisfied, to the satisfaction of the Lender and
 to fullest extent applicable: 

(i) the
 due resignation of each of the following Board members becoming effective: 

(A) Lisa
 Borders; 

(B) Steven
 M. Cohen; 

(C) Lawrence
 Anthony DiMatteo; and 

(D) William
 Thompson; 

17 

(ii) subject
 to clauses 2.5(b) through 2.5(d), the due appointment of two (2) new independent Board members
 becoming effective immediately upon resignation of the Board members set out in clause 2.5(a)(i); 

(iii) the
 Board constituted as set out in clause 2.5(a)(ii) (subject to, for the avoidance of doubt,
 clauses 2.5(b) through 2.5(d)) being empowered to appoint and remove the members and, in
 particular, the chairpersons of the following bodies of the Borrower: 

(A) the
 audit committee or another body replacing the relevant audit committee from time to time; 

(B) the
 compensation committee or another body replacing the relevant compensation committee from
 time to time; 

(C) any
 other committees of the Board existing from time to time (including, for the avoidance of
 doubt, the nominating and corporate governance committee); and 

(iv) the
 CEO of the Borrower, the Borrower procuring, to the fullest extent required by the Applicable
 Law, the perfection of any security conferred or intended to be conferred on the Lender pursuant
 to the Debenture or delivering the legal opinion to the Lender by a reputable law firm acceptable
 to the Lender confirming that no perfection requirements apply to the relevant security under
 the Applicable Law; 

(v) all
 necessary or appropriate corporate, governmental or statutory approvals having been obtained
 and any other actions required having been taken to authorise execution and performance of
 the Transaction Documents by the Borrower; and 

(vi) no
 Material Adverse Effect has occurred or is continuing, which event has not been waived by
 the Lender; and 

(vii) Submission
 of a business plan not later than March 31, 2023 confirming the Borrower s ability
 to operate as a going concern, repay the Loan and acceptable to the Lender at its discretion. 

(viii) For
 any tranche beyond the first tranche of the Initial Loan, the Borrower s compliance
 with all the listing requirements, including any current audited financial statements in
 form and content acceptable to the Lender, unless waived by the lender for the relevant tranches
 at its discretion. 

(b) The
 Borrower shall procure that the Board members shall: 

(i) be
 acceptable to any governmental and quasi-governmental authorities having regulat01y authority
 over the conduct of lottery, gaming and sports betting in the United States or any jurisdictions
 in which the Borrower conducts business; and 

(ii) not
cause the Borrower to violate any Nasdaq or U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) requirements with respect to corporate governance,
shareholder approval (if required), disclosure, independence or diversity. 

18 

(c) If
 any independent Board member resigns, the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, procure
 the appointment of another independent Board member nominated by the Lender by notice to
 the Borrower in writing (including by email). 

(d) If
 any person nominated by the Lender pursuant to clause 2.5(c) is prohibited by the Applicable
 Law (including the Nasdaq listing rules) from acting as a Board member or does not meet any
 regulatory fit and proper requirements or the Borrower (acting reasonably) determines that
 any such person is in breach of any Applicable Law (including applicable anti-bribery laws
 and sanctions laws, excluding any other minor offenses that do not have an effect on the
 reputation or fit and proper status of such individual), the Lender will nominate, and the
 Borrower shall procure the appointment of another person pursuant to clause 2.5(c). 

(e) The
 Lender may in its discretion waive either in whole or in part the Conditions at any time
 by a notice in writing (including by email) to the Borrower. 

3. PURPOSE 

Unless
the Parties agree otherwise in writing, the proceeds of the Loan shall be used as follows: 

(a) in
 relation to the proceeds of the Initial Loan: 

(i) to
 restart the operations of the Borrower, including: 

(A) returning
 of and paying the relevant amount of salary remuneration or other compensation and applicable
 taxes, and expenses to the Borrower s staff and consultants, as appropriately documented;
 and 

(B) paying
 salary, remuneration or other compensation and expenses to the Board members and the Interim
 CEO; 

(ii) for
 general corporate purposes to be agreed between the Parties; and 

(iii) for
 any other purposes, subject to the approval of the Interim CEO; and 

(b) in
 relation to the proceeds of the Accordion, for the purposes to be agreed between the Parties
 in writing, 

(together
the Purpose provided that the Lender is not obliged to monitor or verify how any amount advanced under this Agreement
is used. 

4. REPAYMENT 

4.1 Borrower s
 obligation to repay Loan 

(a) The
 Borrower shall repay the Repayable Amount: 

(i) in
 relation to the Initial Loan Tranches together with all accrued interest thereon from the
 date of each such loan advance against any of the Initial Loan Tranches (each an Initial
 Loan Maturity Date which is twelve (12) months from the date of each loan advance;
 and 

19 

(ii) in
 relation to the Accordion together with all accrued interest on the Accordion (if applicable),
 on such date as the Parties agree in writing pursuant to clause 2.4(a) (the Accordion
 Maturity Date ). 

(b) Any
 certification or determination by the Lender of the relevant Repayable Amount, including,
 for the avoidance of doubt, the amounts set out in clauses 2.3(g)(i) and 2.3(g)(ii), is,
 in the absence of manifest error, conclusive evidence of the matters to which it relates.
 The Lender may provide the relevant certification or determination to the Borrower in writing
 (including by email). 

(c) All
 repayments of the Loan shall be applied first to the accrued interest, and thereafter to
 the principal amount of the Loan. 

(d) The
 obligation of the Borrower to repay the Repayable Amount shall be deemed duly performed after
 the funds in the amount of the Repayable Amount were duly credited to the bank account of
 the Lender. 

4.2 Prepayments 

The
Borrower shall have a right to prepay the principal amount of the Loan outstanding without a prior written consent of the Lender, but
without prejudice to (a) the Lender s right to the Conversion pursuant to clause IO (Conversion) and (b) the Borrower s
obligation to issue the Warrants pursuant to clause 11 (Warrants). 

4.3 Payments 

(a) Any
 amount due by the Borrower to the Lender under this Agreement shall be paid in such currency,
 in which the relevant Loan was disbursed to the Borrower (except as otherwise agreed by the
 Parties or required by the Applicable Law), to the Lender s account as the Lender may
 designate by written notice (including by email) to the Borrower at least three (3) Business
 Days before the date of payment, and in each case without any deduction, withholding, counterclaim
 or set-off, except to the extent provided for under the Applicable Law. 

(b) If
 the Borrower is compelled by the Applicable Law to withhold or deduct the taxes from any
 amount payable under this Agreement, such amount due from the Borrower shall be increased
 to an amount which (after making any such withholding or deduction) leaves an amount equal
 to the payment, which would have been due from the Borrower if no such withholding or deduction
 had been required. 

5. BORROWER S
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

5.1 Borrower s
 representations and warranties 

The
Borrower represents and warrants to the Lender that on the date of this Agreement each of the statements provided for in this clause
5 is true, accurate and not misleading. All such representations and warranties shall be deemed to be repeated with reference to the
facts and circumstances then subsisting on the date of this Agreement and on each next day until the Repayable Amount has been paid to
the Lender in full. 

5.2 Borrower
 duly incorporated 

The
Borrower is a company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation. 

20 

5.3 Borrower s
 power to contract 

The
Borrower has all requisite capacity, power and authority to enter into, deliver, and perform its respective obligations under the Transaction
Documents in accordance with their terms, and shall have taken all necessary corporate and other actions to authorise the execution,
delive1y and performance of the Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, this includes all requisite capacity, power and authority
of the Borrower to issue the Conversion Shares and the Warrants. 

5.4 Borrower s
 business 

The
Borrower has obtained all licences, permits, permissions, registrations, authorisations and consents required for carrying on its business
effectively in the places and in the manner, in which such business is now carried on. All such licences, permits, permissions, registrations,
authorisations and consents are in full force and effect, are not limited in duration (save for their terms) or subject to any unusual
or onerous conditions. 

5.5 No
 winding-up 

No
order has been made, petition presented or meeting convened for the winding up of the Borrower, or for the appointment of an administrator
or any provisional liquidator (or equivalent in the jurisdiction of its incorporation) (or other process whereby the business is terminated
and the assets of the company concerned are distributed amongst the creditors and/or shareholders or other contributors), and the Borrower
is fully solvent and able to meet its debs under the Applicable Law. 

5.6 Validity
 of obligations 

The
Transaction Documents constitute the Borrower s legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with the respective
terms of the Transaction Documents. 

5.7 No
 breach 

The
ent1y into and performance by the Borrower of the Transaction Documents do not conflict with: 

(a) any
 Applicable Law or regulation; 

(b) constitutional
 documents of the Borrower; 

(c) any
 agreement or instrument binding the Borrower or any assets of the Borrower; or 

(d) any
 order, judgment, decree or other restriction applicable to the Borrower. 

5.8 Governing
 law and enforcement 

The
choice of English law as the governing law of this Agreement will be recognised and enforced in the jurisdiction of incorporation of
the Borrower. 

5.9 Ranking 

The
payment obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement rank at least pari passu in right and priority of payment with all other
Borrower s unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and liabilities, present or future, actual or contingent, except for those
obligations and liabilities mandatorily preferred by the Applicable Law. The payment obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement
are secured by the Debenture. 

21 

5.10 Disclosure 

The
Borrower has disclosed to the Lender before the date of this Agreement all information relating to it and the transaction that is material
to be known by a lender (in the context of a loan for a similar amount and on terms similar to this Agreement) and the information is
accurate and complete in all material respects. 

5.11 No
 litigation 

Except
as fairly and fully disclosed to the Lender, no litigation, arbitration, administrative or criminal proceedings are taking place or pending,
or, to the best of the Borrower s knowledge and belief (after due and careful enquiry), have been threatened against it, or any
of its directors or any of its assets which, in any case, might have a material adverse effect on its business, assets, condition or
ability to comply with its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 

5.12 Sports.com 

(a) Sports.com
 is a company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
 jurisdiction of its incorporation. 

(b) The
 shares of Sports.com are fully paid and not subject to any option to purchase or similar
 rights other than in favour of the Lender. The constitutional documents of Sports.com do
 not and could not restrict or inhibit any transfer of those shares on creation or enforcement
 of the Sports option. There are no agreements in force which provide for the issue or allotment
 of, or grant any person the right to call for the issue or allotment of, any share or loan
 capital of Sports.com (including any option or right of pre-emption or conversion), other
 than in favour of the Lender. 

(c) No
 order has been made, petition presented or meeting convened for the winding up of Sports.com,
 or for the appointment of an administrator or any provisional liquidator (or equivalent in
 the jurisdiction of its incorporation) (or other process whereby the business is terminated
 and the assets of the company concerned are distributed amongst the creditors and/or shareholders
 or other contributors), and Sp01is.com is fully solvent and able to meet its debs under the
 Applicable Law. 

(d) Sports.com: 

(i) is
 the sole legal and beneficial owner of or has licensed to it all the intellectual prope1iy
 to the domain sports.com and 

(ii) has
 taken all formal or procedural actions (including payment of fees) required to maintain all
 intellectual property to the domain spo1is.com . 

6. BORROWER S
 UNDERTAKINGS 

6.1 Borrower s
 undertakings 

During
the term of this Agreement, the Borrower shall comply with undertakings provided for in the remaining provisions of this clause 6. 

6.2 Authorisations 

The
Borrower shall promptly obtain, comply with and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect and supply to the Lender
certified copies of any authorisation, consent, approval, resolution,
licence, exemption, filing, notarisation, lodgement or registration required to enable it to perform its obligations under the Transaction
Documents, to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of the Transaction Documents and to carry on
its specific businesses. 

22 

6.3 Compliance
 with laws 

The
Borrower shall comply in all respects with all laws, to which it may be subject, if failure so to comply would materially impair its
ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 

6.4 Ranking 

The
Borrower shall ensure that Borrower s payment obligations under this Agreement rank and will continue to rank secured by the Debenture. 

6.5 Loans
 and guarantees 

Until
the date when the Loan has been paid to the Lender in full, the Borrower shall not: 

(a) make
 any loans, grant any credit or give any guarantee or indemnity to or for the benefit of any
 person or otherwise voluntarily assume any liability, whether actual or contingent, in respect
 of any obligation of any person, without a prior written consent of the Lender, wherein any
 such amount is in excess ofUSDl,000,000; and/or 

(b) attract
 or obtain any loans, credits or other financing for the amount exceeding USD1,000,000 without
 a prior written consent of the Lender, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld by
 Lender. 

6.6 Assets 

(a) The
 Borrower shall not, without a prior written consent of the Lender, sell, lease, transfer
 or otherwise dispose of (either by a single transaction or by a series of transactions, whether
 related or not) any assets with a market value, as determined by independent third-party
 appraisal, of more than USDI ,000,000. 

(b) The
 Borrower shall maintain enough assets to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 

6.7 Supply
 of information 

The
Borrower shall promptly supply to the Lender, upon the Lender providing it with reasonable advance notice, any and all documents and
information (including any of its financial statements) as the Lender may reasonably request from to time. 

6.8 Encumbrances 

The
Borrower shall not, without a prior written consent of the Lender, encumber any of its assets, except in the normal course of business
and for no more than USD1,000,000, or any of shares that it holds in its Affiliates, unless the Parties agree otherwise. 

6.9 Tax 

The
Borrower shall comply with all tax regulations under the Applicable Law, including filing all required tax returns and paying all due
taxes. 

23 

6.10 Anti-corruption
 law 

The
Borrower shall: 

(a) conduct
 its businesses in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws; and 

(b) maintain
 policies and procedures designed against the breach of such laws. 

6.11 Change
 of business 

The
Borrower shall not make any substantial change to the general nature or scope of its business as carried on at the date of this Agreement
and that the Borrower carry on its business in the ordinary and usual course in accordance with the Applicable Law in the same manner
as the Borrower was operating prior to the date of this Agreement. 

6.12 Merger 

The
Borrower shall not enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger, or corporate reconstruction without the prior written consent of the
Lender. 

6.13 Access 

The
Borrower shall, if the Lender reasonably suspects an Event of Default is continuing or may occur, permit the Lender or accountants or
other professional advisers of the Lender free access at all reasonable times and on reasonable notice at the risk and cost of the Borrower
to the office premises, assets, books, accounts and records of the Borrower and meet and discuss matters with the directors of the Borrower. 

6.14 Corporate
 matters 

The
Borrower shall not, without prior written consent of the Lender: 

(a) amend
 or restate memorandum and articles of association, charter or other constitutional documents
 of the Borrower, save as to the extent required to satisfy the Condition set out in clause
 2.5(a)(iii); 

(b) declare,
make or pay any dividend, charge, fee or other distribution (or interest on any unpaid dividend, charge, fee or other distribution) (whether
in cash or in kind), except as required by law, on or in respect of its share capital (or any class of its share capital) or any warrants
for the time being in issue; 

(c) repay
 or distribute any dividend or share premium reserve or capital redemption or any undistributable
 reserve; 

(d) perpetrate
 any additional emission of shares, which may negatively affect the position of the Lender,
 without the consent of the Lender; 

(e) pay
 any management, advisory or other fee to, or to the order of, any of the shareholders or
 other Affiliates of the Borrower; or 

(f) reduce,
 redeem, repurchase, defease, retire or repay any of its share capital or any warrants for
 the time being in issue or resolve to do so. 

24 

7. SECURITY 

On
or about the date of this Agreement, the Borrower shall: 

(a) enter
 into the Debenture in respect of certain assets of the Borrower with the Lender, as security
 for the proper, due and punctual observance and performance by the Borrower of all of its
 obligations under this Agreement; and 

(b) duly
 perform its obligations under the Debenture during the entire term of the Debenture. 

8. DEFAULT 

8.1 Lender s
 rights in case of Event of Default 

Upon
and at any time after the occurrence of the Event of Default, and for so long as it is continuing, the Lender may (in its sole discretion)
by notice in writing (including by email) to the Borrower declare the Loan, any accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding
under this Agreement to be immediately due and payable on a written demand, on which the Loan and any accrued interest shall be immediately
due and payable on such written demand. 

8.2 Notification
 of default 

The
Borrower shall notify the Lender of any Event of Default (and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it) promptly, but in any case,
not later than five (5) Business Days upon becoming aware of its occurrence. 

9. EVENTS
 OF DEFAULT 

9.1 Event
 of Default 

Occurrence
of any of the events provided for in the remaining provisions of this clause 9 shall constitute an event of default (the Event
of Default ). 

9.2 Insolvency 

The
Borrower is or is presumed or deemed to be unable or admits inability to pay its debts (by reason of actual or anticipated financial
difficulties), suspends making payments on any of its debts. 

9.3 Insolvency
 proceedings 

Any
corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to: 

(a) the
 suspension of payments, a moratorium of any Indebtedness of the Borrower, winding-up, dissolution,
 administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement
 or otherwise) of the Borrower; 

(b) the
 appointment of a liquidator, provisional liquidator, administrator, trustee in bankruptcy,
 receiver, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or similar officer in respect of the
 Borrower or any of its assets, 

or
any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. 

25 

9.4 Misuse
 of Loan 

The
Borrower uses the Loan for the purpose other than the Purpose set out in clause 3 (Purpose). 

9.5 Non-payment 

The
Borrower does not pay on the due date any amount payable pursuant to this Agreement at the place at and in the currency in which it is
expressed to be payable unless its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error, and the payment is made within five
(5) Business Days of its due date. 

9.6 Undertakings 

The
Borrower fails to perform in a timely manner any of its obligations under clause 6 (Borrower s undertakings) and, if capable
of remedy, such failure to perform has continued for a period of ten (10) Business Days after the notice of such breach has been given
to the Borrower by the Lender. 

9.7 Misrepresentation 

Any
representation, statement or warranty made, repeated or deemed to be made by the Borrower in the Transaction Documents or in connection
with the Transaction Documents is (or proves to have been) incomplete, untrue, incorrect or misleading in any respect when made, repeated
or deemed to be made. 

9.8 Sports.com 

(a) Sports.com
 is or is presumed or deemed to be unable or admits inability to pay its debts (by reason
 of actual or anticipated financial difficulties), suspends making payments on any of its
 debts. 

(b) Any
 corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to: 

(i) the
 suspension of payments, a moratorium of any Indebtedness of Sports.com, winding-up, dissolution,
 administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement
 or otherwise) of Sports.com; 

(ii) the
 appointment of a liquidator, provisional liquidator, administrator, trustee in bankruptcy,
 receiver, administrative receiver, compulsory manager or similar officer in respect of Sports.corn
 or any of its assets, 

(iii) or
 any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction. 

(c) Any
 action is taken by any person (including the Borrower or Sports.com) or any other circumstance
 occurs that results in Sports.corn intellectual property rights to the domain sports.com 
 being challenged, infringed, limited, revoked or other adversely affected. 

10. CONVERSION 

10.1 Conversion 

(a) In
 each case in accordance with this clause I 0, the Lender may proceed, in accordance with
 all U.S. federal and state law and regulation, with the Conversion: (i) at any time when
 an Event of Default has occurred; or (ii) at any time after sixty (60) days following the
 first Initial Loan Disbursement Date and until, in each case, the relevant Repayable Amount
 remains outstanding. 

26 

(b) For
 the avoidance of doubt: 

(i) if
 the Lender exercises the Warrants for the price less than the Repayable Amount, the Lender
 shall retain the right to the Conversion for the outstanding Repayable Amount; and 

(ii) the
 Warrants are in addition to the Lender s right to the Conversion. 

(c) Unless
 paragraph (d) applies, at any time while common stock shares of the Bo1rnwer are listed on
 the Nasdaq stock exchange: 

(i) the
 Lender may not hold more than 4.99 of the issued and outstanding common stock shares of
 the Borrower (the Disclosure Threshold ), without acknowledging and agreeing
 that holding beneficial ownership above the Disclosure Threshold shall require disclosure
 requirements pursuant to Nasdaq and SEC rules by Borrower; and 

(ii) the
 Lender may not hold more than 19.99 of the issued and outstanding common stock shares of
 the Borrower (the Shareholder Approval Threshold ), without acknowledging
 and agreeing that holding beneficial ownership above the Shareholder Approval Threshold shall
 require consent by Borrower s shareholders and disclosure requirements pursuant to
 Nasdaq and SEC rules by Borrower. 

(d) If
 there is a shareholders or similar agreement executed directly or indirectly in relation
 to common stock shares of the Borrower or otherwise affecting governance in relation to the
 Borrower (the Relevant SHA that has the effect of disapplying, varying or
 otherwise affecting the Disclosure Threshold and / or Shareholder Approval Threshold (as
 applicable)(any such threshold calculated taking into account the terms of a Relevant SHA,
 the SHA Threshold ), then, at any time while common stock shares of the
 Borrower are listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange, no Lender may hold more than the SHA Threshold
 without acknowledging and agreeing that holding beneficial ownership above the SHA Threshold
 shall require disclosure requirements pursuant to Nasdaq and SEC rules by Borrower. 

10.2 Service
 of Conversion Notice 

In
accordance with all Nasdaq and SEC rules (if applicable), during the period set out in clause 10.1
 (Conversion), the Lender may serve a notice on the Borrower, requesting the Borrower to convert, in whole or in part, the Repayable
Amount of the Initial Loan into the Conversion Shares on the Conversion Date at the Conversion Price reduced by a 25 discount (the Conversion
Notice ). For the avoidance of doubt: (i) clause 4.1(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the determination of the Lender
of the Repayable Amount; and (ii) the Lender may exercise the right to the Conversion more than once by giving the relevant Conversion
Notice to the Borrower. The Lender may at any time revoke the Conversion Notice, but in any case, prior to the Conversion. Unless the
Lender specifically agrees in writing (including by email), the Borrower shall not have the right to repay the Repayable Amount of the
Initial Loan after the Conversion Notice was served. 

27 

10.3 Completion 

Within
ten (I 0) Business Days after the receipt of the Conversion Notice (the Conversion Date the Borrower shall cause,
subject to certain regulatory restrictions (if applicable), in each case, to the extent applicable: 

(a) issue
 the Conversion Shares to the Lender or the Transferee free from any Encumbrances, except
 those Encumbrances, which are in favour of the Lender, in consideration of the rights of
 the Lender under the Loan; 

(b) transfer
 the share certificates in respect of the Conversion Shares to the Lender or the Transferee; 

(c) make
 a record to shareholders register of the Borrower, indicating the Lender or the Transferee
 as the owner of the Conversion Shares; and 

(d) sign
 all such resolutions, deeds, agreements, documents, notices, acknowledgements, consents,
 waivers, letters and other ancillary documents (in each case in such form and with such amendments,
 whether substantive or otherwise as the Lender may think fit) and to do all such other acts
 and things, in each case as may be necessary, desirable or otherwise required (directly or
 indirectly) in order to transfer full legal and beneficial title to the Conversion Shares
 to the Lender or the Transferee free of any Encumbrances, except those Encumbrances, which
 are in favour of the Lender, 

Conversion
shall be deemed completed when the Lender or the Transferee has acquired full legal and beneficial title to the Conversion Shares free
from any Encumbrances, except those Encumbrances, which are in favour of the Lender. Until the Conversion of all Repayable Amount shall
be deemed completed, the Loan shall remain outstanding and shall be secured by the Debenture. 

10.4 Premium
 on Conversion Shares 

Each
Conversion Share shall be issued and allotted at such premium to reflect the difference between the nominal value of one (1) Share and
the amount of the Loan converted into one (I) Share on the Conversion Date. The Conversion Shares shall be credited as fully paid and
rank at least pari passu with Shares of the same class in issue on the Conversion Date and shall carry the right to receive all
dividends and other distributions declared for the same class after the Conversion Date. 

10.5 Share
 fractions 

Upon
any Conversion, the entitlement of the Lender to a fractional Share shall be rounded up to the next whole Share. 

10.6 Rights
 attached to Conversion Shares 

The
Pa1iies agree that upon the Conversion the Conversion Shares shall grant the Lender the following rights: 

(a) rights
 inherent to the Shares; 

(b) right
 to receive dividends; 

(c) liquidation
 preference based on class; and 

28 

10.7 Set-off
 and discharge of lnitial Loan 

(a) Subject
 to the Lender exercising its right to the Conversion and unless the Lender revokes its Conversion
 Notice, in each case, on the terms of this clause 10 and herein, the Patties agree to set
 off the Lender s obligation to pay the relevant price for the Conversion Shares in
 the amount of the Repayable Amount of the Initial Loan as converted into the Conversion Shares
 against the relevant obligation of the Borrower to repay such Repayable Amount to the Lender.
 In this case: 

(i) the
 relevant obligation of each Party shall be deemed fully performed and discharged; and 

(ii) no
 Party shall have any claims whatsoever to the other Party in respect of the performance of
 the relevant obligation. 

(b) For
 the avoidance of doubt, following the Conversion, the relevant Repayable Amount of the Initial
 Loan as conve1ted into the Conversion Shares pursuant to this clause 10 shall be deemed discharged
 and repaid in full. 

10.8 Undertakings
 prior to Conversion 

(a) From
 the date of any Initial Loan Tranche, or full repayment of all amounts due under this Agreement,
 the Borrower shall maintain sufficient authorised but unissued share capital in the Borrower
 to satisfy in full, without the need for the passing of any further resolutions of Borrower s
 shareholders, all of the outstanding rights of conversion for the time being attaching to
 the said Loan amount under this Agreement, without first having to offer the same to any
 existing shareholders of the Borrower or any other person. 

(b) Borrower
 will be allowed up to ninety (90) days from the date of any draw down of funds from the Accordion
 (as distinct and separate from either Initial Loan Tranche) to facilitate any conversion
 of the drawn down amount from the Accordion. 

11. WARRANTS 

(a) In
 consideration of the Lender providing the Loan on the terms of this Agreement, the Borrower
 shall, as soon as practicable as determined at the Lender s sole discretion (but in
 any case, not earlier than the first Initial Loan Disbursement Date) issue and deliver, to
 the satisfaction of the Lender, common stock purchase warrants (the Warrants to the Lender(or the Transferee as designated by the Lender by notice to the Borrower
 in writing (including by email) reasonably in advance prior to the issuance of the Warrants)
 on the following key terms: 

(i) the
 Warrants issued shall be equal to 15 of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Borrower;
 and 

(ii) the
 exercise price for each relevant Warrant Share shall be Conversion Price reduced by a 25 
 discount and otherwise subject to clause 11(b); and 

(iii) the
 Warrants may be exercisable, in whole or in part, at any time during the term of this Agreement
 commencing on the issuance date of the Warrants. 

(b) To
 the extent the relevant amount of the Repayable Amount of the Initial Loan was not 

(i) repaid
 by the Borrower and/or (ii) converted into Shares, the Lender shall have a right to set off
 the Lender s obligation to pay the Warrants exercise price set out in clause 11(a)(ii)
 in the amount of the Repayable Amount of the Initial Loan then outstanding against the relevant
 obligation of the Borrower to repay such Repayable Amount to the Lender. In this case, the
 Borrower shall set off the relevant obligations as set out in this clause 11(b), and: 

(i) the
 relevant obligation of each Party shall be deemed fully performed and discharged; and 

29 

(ii) no
 Party shall have any claims whatsoever to the other Party in respect of the performance of
 the relevant obligation. 

(c) Clause
 11(b) shall be without prejudice to the Lender s right to pay (or procuring its Paying
 Agent to pay) to the Borrower any amount of the exercise price due for the relevant Shares,
 without exercising its right to set off. 

12. SPORTS
 OPTION AND EQUITY CONTRIBUTION 

12.1 In
 consideration of the Lender providing the Loan on the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Borrower
 hereby grants to the Lender an option to buy up to 100 of the Sports.com Shares (the Spo1is
 Option on the terms set out in this clause 12 (Sports Option and Equity Contribution): 

(a) the
 Lender can exercise the Sports Option in one or more installments, in each case, for such
 amount of the Sports.com Shares as the Lender may determine in its sole discretion, provided
 that the total number of Sports.com Shares that the Lender (or its Designee, as defined below)
 can acquire under the Sports Option can never exceed I 00 of the issued share capital of
 Sports.com; 

(b) the
 option exercise price for each relevant Sports.com Share shall be determined using a valuation
 of USD 6,000,000 for 100 of the Sports.com Share (the Option Price ); 

(c) the
 Lender may exercise the Sports Option by delivering a notice (the Option Exercise
 Notice to the Borrower, specifying: 

(i) the
 number of the Sports.com Shares to be transferred (the Option Shares ); 

(ii) whether
 the Spo1is.com Shares shall be transferred to the Lender or any third party designated by
 the Lender (the Designee ); 

(iii) the
 Option Price and the total price payable for the Option Shares (the Total Consideration ); 

(iv) whether
 the Total Consideration will be paid by the Lender by way of a moneta1y transfer or by way
 of set-off against the Repayable Amount; 

(v) if
 applicable, the Repayable Amount to be discharged as a result of the exercise of the Sp01is
 Option in accordance with this Option Exercise Notice, it being understood that clause 4.1(b)
 shall apply mutatis mutandis to such determination of the Lender; 

(d) Lender
 may serve an Option Exercise Notice at any time during the term of 24 (twenty four) months
 commencing on the date of the Effective Date under and as defined in the I st Amendment Agreement. 

30 

12.2 The
 Lender may at any time revoke the Option Exercise Notice, but in any case, prior to the Lender
 or its Designee assuming legal and beneficial title to the Option Shares. Unless the Lender
 specifically agrees in writing (including by email), the Borrower shall not have the right
 to repay the Repayable Amount of the Initial Loan after the Option Exercise Notice was served. 

12.3 Within
 ten I 0) Business Days after the receipt of the Option Exercise Notice the Borrower shall
 as appropriate itself or, where applicable, shall cause Sports.com, subject to certain regulatory
 restrictions (if applicable), in each case, to the extent applicable: 

(a) transfer
 the Option Shares to the Lender or its Designee free from any Encumbrances, except those
 Encumbrances, which are in favour of the Lender, in consideration of the rights of the Lender
 under the Loan; 

(b) transfer
 the share certificates in respect of the Option Shares to the Lender or its Designee; 

(c) make
 a record to shareholders register of Sports.com, indicating the Lender or its Designee
 as the owner of the Option Shares; and 

(d) sign
 all such resolutions, deeds, agreements, documents, notices, acknowledgements, consents,
 waivers, letters and other ancillary documents (in each case in such form and with such amendments,
 whether substantive or otherwise as the Lender may think fit) and to do all such other acts
 and things, in each case as may be necessary, desirable or otherwise required (directly or
 indirectly) in order to transfer full legal and beneficial title to the Option Shares to
 the Lender or its Designee free of any Encumbrances, except those Encumbrances, which are
 in favour of the Lender. 

12.4 Transfer
 of Sports.com Shares shall be deemed completed when the Lender or its Designee has acquired
 full legal and beneficial title to the Option Shares free from any Encumbrances, except those
 Encumbrances, which are in favour of the Lender. 

12.5 The
 Parties agree that upon the transfer of the Option Shares to the Lender or its Designee the
 Option Shares shall grant the Lender (or its Designee) the following rights: 

(a) rights
 inherent to the Option Shares; 

(b) right
 to receive dividends; 

(c) liquidation
 preference based on class. 

12.6 In
 addition and fully independently from the Sports Option under this clause 12.1 and in further
 consideration of the Lender providing the Loan on the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Borrower
 hereby grants to the Lender the right to make an equity contribution into the Sports.com
 share capital by way of a share subscription (the Equity Contribution ),
 on the terms set out in this clause 12 (Sports Option and Equity Contribution): 

(a) the
 Lender can exercise the Equity Contribution in one or more installments, in each case, for
 such amount as the Lender may determine in its sole discretion; 

(b) the
 price per each new share to be issued in Sports.com shall be determined prior to any Equity
 Contribution by using a pre-money valuation of USD 6,000,000 for I 00 of the Sports.com
 Share and hereinafter the pre-money valuation of USD 6,000,000 for 100 of the Sports.com
 Share adjusted to reflect the Equity Contributions having been made; 

31 

(c) the
 Lender may exercise the Equity Contribution by delivering a notice (the Equity
 Contribution Exercise Notice to the Borrower, specifying: 

(i) the
 amount of the respective Equity Contribution and number of the Sports.com Shares to be issued
 (the Additional Shares ); 

(ii) whether
 the Equity Contribution will be made by the Lender by way of a monetary transfer or by way
 of set-off against the Repayable Amount; and 

(iii) if
 applicable, the Repayable Amount to be discharged as a result of the exercise of the Sports
 Equity Contribution in accordance with this Equity Contribution Exercise Notice, it being
 understood that clause 4.1(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis to such determination of
 the Lender; 

(d) Lender
 may serve an Equity Contribution Exercise Notice at any time during the term of 24 (twenty
 four) months commencing on the date of the Effective Date under and as defined in the I st
 Amendment Agreement; 

(e) The
 Borrower agrees to waive any pre-emption rights that it may have, to exercise its rights
 as shareholder in such manner and to provide such necessary approvals and waivers as may
 be required to allow the issue of new Shares in accordance with this clause 12. 

(t)
The Borrower shall perform and shall procure that Spmis.com will perform each and every action which may be require to effect the Equity
Contribution and to confer on the Lender such rights and entitlements intended to be conferred on it by or pursuant to clause 12.6, including
but not limited to taking of all corporate approvals, making all required filings, amending the memorandum and articles of association,
charter or other constitutional documents. 

12.7 If
 the Lender has made an election in accordance with clause 12.1(c)(iv) or 12.6(b)(ii) above
 to discharge the Total Consideration by way of set-off against the Relevant Amount, then
 the Parties agree to set off the Lender s obligation to pay the Total Consideration
 in the amount of the Repayable Amount of the Initial Loan (but not exceeding the Total Consideration)
 against the relevant obligation of the Borrower to repay such Repayable Amount (in an amount
 not exceeding the Total Consideration) to the Lender. In this case: 

(a) the
 relevant obligation of each Party shall be deemed fully performed and discharged; and 

(b) no
 Party shall have any claims whatsoever to the other Party in respect of the performance of
 the relevant obligation. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, following such set off, the relevant Repayable Amount of the Initial Loan as set off against the Total Consideration
pursuant to this clause 12.6 shall be deemed discharged and repaid in the amount of the Total Consideration. 

13. NOTICES 

13.1 Form
 of notices 

Any
notice (including any demand or any other communication) given under this Agreement or in connection with this Agreement shall be in
writing (including, in relation to the notices given by the Lender, by email) and in English, signed by or on behalf of a Party giving
it, and sent to another Party for the attention of the person and to
the contact details given in clause 13.4 Contact details). 

32 

13.2 Delivery
 of notices 

A
Party may send any notice by any of the below methods and, if sent by a particular method, the corresponding deemed delivery date and
time when such notice takes effect, shall, if there is no evidence of the earlier receipt, be as follows: 

(a) if
 delivered by hand, at the time of delivery at that address signed for by the recipient and
 dated at such address 

(b) if
 sent by courier delive1y service, at the time of delivery at that address as evidenced by
 the courier delivery service; 

(c) if
 sent by pre-paid airmail providing proof of postage, at 9.00 am on the third Business Day
 after posting; and 

(d) if
 sent by email, at the time of transmission. 

13.3 Time
 of delivery 

For
the purposes of clause 13.2 (Delivery of notices): 

(a) all
 references to time are to local time in the place of deemed receipt; and 

(b) any
 notice received or deemed received on a day that is not the Business Day or after 

5.00
pm on any Business Day, shall be deemed to have been received on the next following Business Day. 

33 

13.4 Contact
 details 

The
relevant details of the Parties are as follows: 

(a) 

Lender: WOODFORD EURASIA ASSETS LTD 

Attention: 
 
 Mr. Alex Smotlak 

Address: Kingdom 
 
 10 Foster Lane, 3rd Floor, London EC2V 6HR, the United 

Tel.: 
 
 +44 (0)20 7535 1070 

Email: 
 
 Alex.Srnotlak@uibt.com 

Borrower: LOTTERY.COM INC 

(b) 

Attention: 
 
 Mr. Sohail Quraeshi (or another CEO of the Borrower replacing Mr. Sohail
 Quraeshi from time to time) 

Address: 
 
 20808 State Highway 71 W, Suite B, Spicewood, TX 78669 

Tel.: 
 
 +l (561) 332-6722 

Email: 
 
 sohail@lottery.com 

With copies to: 
 
 matthew.mcgahan@lottery.com 

34 

13.5 Delivery
 by email 

Save
for the notices given by the Lender by email, a notice sent by any of the methods mentioned in clause 13.2 (Delivery of notices) shall
be simultaneously dispatched to the contact details given in 13.4 (Contact details) by email, provided that such notice shall
be deemed delivered and take effect when delivered in accordance with 13.2 (Delivery of notices). A notice given by the Borrower
under or in connection with the Transaction Documents shall not be valid, if sent by email only. 

13.6 Change
 of address 

A
Party may by giving notice in accordance with this clause 13 change its relevant details given in clause 13.4 (Contact details). 
The change shall take effect for a Party notified of the change at 9.00 am on the later of: 

(a) the
 date, if any, specified in the notice as the effective date for the change; or 

(b) the
 fifth Business Day after deemed receipt of the notice took place in accordance with clauses
 13.2 (Delivery of notices) and 13.3 (Time of delivery). 

14. CONFIDENTIALITY 

14.1 Confidential
 Information 

Each
Party shall (and shall ensure that its Affiliates shall) keep confidential (and ensure that their officers, employees, agents and professional
and other advisers keep confidential) and shall not by failure to exercise due care or otherwise by any act or omission disclose to any
person any information (whether received, provided or obtained before, on or after the date of this Agreement and whether in writing,
orally, electronically or in any other form or medium): 

(a) in
 respect of the existence or contents of the Transaction Documents, the arrangements contemplated
 by the Transaction Documents or the contents of the discussions and negotiations which have
 led up to the Transaction Documents, including in respect of the Loan; and 

(b) in
 respect of another Party s (and its Affiliates) business, operations, assets or affairs,
 collectively, the Confidential Information . 

14.2 Use
 of Confidential Information 

No
Party shall use the Confidential Information for its own business purposes or disclose it to any third party without a prior written
consent of another Party. 

14.3 Permitted
 disclosure 

The
obligations of confidentiality under clauses 14.1 Confidential Information) and 14.2 Use of Confidential Information) shall
not apply to: 

(a) disclosure
 (subject to clause 14.4 (Disclosure to representatives) on a need to know 
 basis in confidence to an Affiliate of either Party where the disclosure is for a purpose
 reasonably incidental to this Agreement; 

(b) disclosure
 (subject to clause 14.4 (Disclosure to representatives) in confidence to the Parties 
 professional advisers of information reasonably required to be disclosed for a purpose reasonably
 incidental to this Agreement; 

35 

(c) information,
 which is independently developed by the relevant Party or acquired from a third party to
 the extent that it is acquired with the right to disclose it; 

(d) disclosure
 of information to the extent required to be disclosed by the Applicable Law, any stock exchange
 regulation or any binding judgment, order or requirement of any court or other competent
 authority, provided that, before any such required disclosure is made, a Party that is (or
 whose Affiliate is) required to make disclosure must, to the extent permitted by law and
 the relevant disclosure requirement: 

(i) notify
 a Party that made the relevant information available to it (the Discloser as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware that disclosure is required; 

(ii) take
 all steps reasonably required by the Discloser to prevent or restrict the disclosure of that
 information; and 

(iii) co-operate
 with the Discloser regarding the timing and content of such disclosure, 

and
for the purposes of this clause 14.3(d), where the information required to be disclosed is the existence or contents of, or the negotiations
relating to, this Agreement, references to the Discloser are taken to be references to each Party; 

(e) disclosure
 in connection with the commencement, pursuit or defence by a Party of or in any legal proceedings,
 to which any Confidential Information is relevant, provided that such a legal proceeding
 arises out of or in connection with this Agreement and/or concerns the transaction, contemplated
 by this Agreement, and/or involves both Parties; or 

(f) information,
 which is already in the public domain (otherwise than as a result of a breach of this clause
 14). 

14.4 Disclosure
 to representatives 

Each
Party shall inform (and shall ensure that any of its Affiliates shall inform) any officer, employee or agent or any professional or other
adviser advising it in relation to the matters referred to in this Agreement, or to whom it provides the Confidential Information, that
such information is confidential and shall instruct them to keep it confidential and not to disclose it to any third party (other than
those persons to whom it has already been disclosed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement). The disclosing Party is responsible
for any breach of this clause 14 by the person to whom the Confidential Information is disclosed. 

14.5 Term
 of confidentiality obligations 

The
provisions of this clause 14 shall continue to apply during two (2) years following the date when the Lender has received the Loan or
the termination of this Agreement, whichever occurs earlier. 

15. COUNTERPARTS 

This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the Parties to it on separate counterparts, and each such counterpart
shall constitute an original of this Agreement, but all of which together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall
not be effective until each Party has executed at least one (1) counterpart. Delivery of this Agreement by an email attachment or a telecopy
shall be an effective mode of delivery. 

36 

16. VARIATION,
 WAIVER AND CONSENT 

16.1 Form
 of variation 

Any
variation of this Agreement shall be in writing and signed by or on behalf of each Party. 

16.2 
 Form of waiver 

Any
waiver of any right under this Agreement is only effective if it is in writing and signed by a waiving or consenting Party and it applies
only in the circumstances, for which it is given, and shall not prevent a Party who has given the waiver from subsequently relying on
the provision it has waived. 

16.3 No
 effect of failure to exercise 

No
failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right or remedy provided under this Agreement or by law constitutes a waiver of such right
or remedy or shall prevent any future exercise in whole or in part of such right or remedy. 

16.4 No
 effect of partial exercise 

No
single or partial exercise of any right or remedy under this Agreement shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of any such right
or remedy. 

16.5 Rights
 and remedies cumulative 

Unless
specifically provided otherwise, rights arising under this Agreement are cumulative and do not exclude rights provided by law 

17. ENTIRE
 AGREEMENT 

The
Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement between the Parties and supersede and extinguishes all previous drafts, agreements,
arrangements, and understandings between them, whether written or oral, relating to their subject matter. 

18. INVALIDITY 

Each
of the provisions of this Agreement is severable and enforceable independently of each other provision. If any provision is held to be
or becomes invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the law of any jurisdiction, it shall have no effect in that respect and the
Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to replace it in that respect with a valid and enforceable substitute provision the effect of
which is as close to its intended effect as possible. 

19. FURTHER
 ASSURANCE 

Each
Party shall promptly execute and deliver all such documents, and do all such things, as any other Party may from time to time reasonably
require for the purpose of giving full effect to the provisions of this Agreement. 

37 

20. THIRD
 PARTY RIGHTS 

Except
as expressly provided for in this Agreement to the contrary, the Parties do not intend that any term of this Agreement shall be enforceable
by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by any person who is not a party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding that
any provision of this Agreement may be enforceable by any third party, this Agreement and its provisions may be amended, waived, modified,
rescinded or terminated by the Parties without the consent or approval of any third party. 

21. ASSIGNMENT 

21.1 No
 assignment 

Subject
to clause 21.2 (Assignment by Lender), no Party may assign or transfer all or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement
or dispose of any right or interest in this Agreement without a prior written consent of another Party. 

21.2 Assignment
 by Lender 

(a) The
 Lender may at any time assign and/or transfer all or a portion of the Lender s rights
 and/or obligations under this Agreement to any Lender s related party (a Permitted
 Assignee without consent of the Borrower. 

(b) The
 Lender shall procure that any Permitted Assignee shall remain an Affiliate of the Lender
 at all times within the period of validity of this Agreement. 

22. SURVIVING
 PROVISIONS 

Termination
of this Agreement in respect of the rights and obligations of any Party shall not affect: 

(a) claims
 arising out of any antecedent breach of the Transaction Documents (excluding the Lender s
 obligations under clause 2.3 (Disbursement of Initial Loan); and 

(b) provisions
 of this Agreement that are expressed to survive its termination or expiry, or which from
 their nature or context are contemplated to survive termination or expiry of this Agreement,
 including clauses 1 (Definitions and interpretation), 11 (Warrants), 12 (Sports
 Option and Equity Contribution), 13 (Notices), 14 (Confidentiality), 20
 (Third party rights), 22 (Surviving provisions), 25 (Governing law and jurisdiction)
 and any provision of this Agreement necessary for its interpretation or enforcement. 

23. REMEDIES 

Without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies which a Party may have, each Party acknowledges and agrees that damages alone are not an adequate
remedy for breach of the provisions of the Transaction Documents and, accordingly, agrees that each Party shall be entitled to the remedies
of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of a Party s obligations in the
Transaction Documents, without proving special damages. 

38 

24. COSTS 

Unless
otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement, all costs in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and performance
of the Transaction Documents, and any documents referred to in it, shall be borne by a Party that incurred the costs. 

25. GOVERNING
 LAW AND .JURISDICTION 

25.1 Governing
 law 

The
Transaction Documents and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with the Transaction Documents or their subject matter,
existence, negotiation, validity, termination, enforceability or breach (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 

25.2 Jurisdiction 

Any
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Transaction Documents, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination,
shall be referred to and finally resolved by the LCIA under the LCIA Rules (the Rules ), which Rules are deemed to
be incorporated by reference into this clause. The number of arbitrators shall be one (1). The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall
be London, the United Kingdom. The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English. The Parties agree that any restriction
in the Rules upon the nomination or appointment of an arbitrator by reason of nationality shall not apply to any arbitration commenced
pursuant to this clause. Any decision under such arbitration proceedings shall be final and binding on the Parties. The tribunal shall
order an unsuccessful Party in the arbitration to pay the legal and other costs incurred in connection with the arbitration by a successful
Party. Each Party consents to be joined in the arbitration commenced under the arbitration agreement set out in this clause 25.2. For
the avoidance of doubt, this clause 25.2 constitutes each Party s consent to joinder in writing for the purposes of the Rules.
Each Patty agrees to be bound by any award rendered in the arbitration, to which it was joined pursuant to this clause 25.2. Each Patty
consents to the consolidation, in accordance with the Rules, of two (2) or more arbitrations commenced under the arbitration agreement
set out in this clause 25.2. For the avoidance of doubt, this clause 25.2 constitutes each Patty s agreement to consolidation in
writing for the purposes of the Rules. 

26. GOVERNING
 LANGUAGE 

The
official text of this Agreement shall be in English. In the event of any dispute concerning the construction or interpretation of this
Agreement, reference shall be made only to this Agreement as written in English and not to any translation into any other language. 

IN
WITNESS of which this Agreement has been executed as a deed and delivered on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement. 

[the
remainder of this page is intentionally left blank] 

39 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or Organization 
 
 AutoLotto,
 Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Global
 Gaming Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Electr nicos
 y de Comunicaci n, SAPI de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 Juega
 Lotto, S.A. DE C.V 
 
 Mexico 
 
 Tinbu,
 LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 LDC
 Wintogether, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Sports.com,
 Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 LDC
 IP Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Mark Gustavson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lottery.com Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Gustavson 

Mark Gustavson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
Lottery.com Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark Gustavson, Principal Executive and Principal Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: June 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Gustavson 

Mark Gustavson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ltry-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ltry-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ltry-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ltry-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

