<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1519177_0001829126-23-002787.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5242066</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>238125</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>984508</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1568428</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1044689</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1281616</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002787.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417165337
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002787
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOLLENSYS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001519177
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				800651816
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56448
		FILM NUMBER:		23824542

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1470 TREELAND BLVD SE
		CITY:			PALM BAY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32909
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(866) 438-7657

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1470 TREELAND BLVD SE
		CITY:			PALM BAY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32909

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Health Directory Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110427

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002787.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 sollensyscorp_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______, 20 ___, to ______, 20 ___. 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction
 of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive
 Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

N/A 

 (Former
name or former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold as of June 30, 2022 1.62 per share), the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, was . 

There
were shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of April 17, 2023. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

None 

Sollensys
Corp 

Contents 

Page 
 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 ii 

Part I 

Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 12 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 24 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 24 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 Other
 Information 
 
 36 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 36 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 37 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 45 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 47 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 48 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 49 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 
 50 

Signatures 
 
 51 

i 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about Sollensys Corp s industry, management beliefs, and
assumptions made by management. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, 
 believes, seeks, estimates, variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to
identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict; therefore, actual results and outcomes may differ materially from what is
expressed or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in our forward-looking
statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, it is not possible to foresee or identify all factors that could have a material effect
on the future financial performance of the Company. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made on the
basis of management s assumptions and analyses, as of the time the statements are made, in light of their experience and perception
of historical conditions, expected future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate under the circumstances. Except as
otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions
to any forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the information incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances
on which any statement is based. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Unless the context indicates otherwise, the
 Company, we, our, ours or us refer to Sollensys Corp, a Nevada corporation,
and its wholly owned subsidiary, Eagle Lake Laboratories, Inc. Eagle Lake 

Overview 

Our
primary product is the Blockchain Archive Server a turn-key, off-the-shelf, blockchain solution that works with virtually any hardware
and software combinations currently used in commerce, without the need to replace or eliminate any part of the client s data security
that is being utilized. The Blockchain Archive Server encrypts, fragments, and distributes data across thousands of secure nodes every
day, which makes it virtually impossible for hackers to compromise. Using blockchain technology, the Blockchain Archive Server maintains
a redundant, secure, and immutable backup of data. Redundant backups and the blockchain work together to assure not only the physical
security of the database but also the integrity of the information held within. 

Blockchain
Archive Server protects client data from ransomware malicious software that infects your computer and displays messages
demanding a fee to be paid in order for your system to work again. Blockchain technology is a leading-edge tool for data security, providing
an added layer of security against data loss due to all types of software specifically designed to disrupt, damage, or gain unauthorized
access to a computer system (i.e., malware). 

Uniquely,
the Blockchain Archive Server is a turn-key solution that can stand alone or seamlessly integrate into an existing data infrastructure
to quickly recover from a cyber-attack. The Blockchain Archive Server is a server that comes pre-loaded with the blockchain-powered cybersecurity
software, which can be delivered, installed, and integrated into a client s computer systems with ease. 

In
December 2020, we made our second product offering the Regional Service Center available on a limited test market basis.
The Regional Service Center was added to our standard product line effective January 1, 2021. A Regional Service Center is a single unit
system of 32 Blockchain Archive Servers capable of servicing up to 2,580 individual small accounts, and is marketed to existing IT service
providers with established accounts. The Regional Service Center offers small businesses the same state of the art technology previously
available only to large or very well-funded companies. Sollensys believes that smaller companies, and even certain individuals, will
find the Regional Service Center affordable, paying only for the actual space they use. 

In
connection with the closing of the Stock Purchase, on August 5, 2020, Mr. Lazar, the then-sole member of the Board of Directors (the
 Board of Sollensys, pursuant to the power granted to the Board in Sollensys bylaws, increased the size of Sollensys 
Board to two members. Simultaneously, Mr. Lazar, as the sole Board member, appointed Donald Beavers as a director to fill the newly created
Board vacancy. At the same time, Mr. Lazar appointed Donald Beavers as Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of Sollensys. 

Also
on August 5, 2020, following the above officer and director appointments and effective on the closing of the Stock Purchase, Mr. Lazar
resigned from any and all officer and director positions with Sollensys. 

Eagle
Lake Share Exchange Agreement 

On
November 30, 2020, Sollensys entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with (i) Eagle Lake,
(ii) each of the shareholders of Eagle Lake (the Eagle Lake Shareholders and (iii) Mr. Beavers as the representative of
the Eagle Lake Shareholders. Among other conditions to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement (the
 SEA Closing ), pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, the parties agreed that Sollensys would acquire 100 
of Eagle Lake s issued and outstanding capital stock, in exchange for the issuance to the Eagle Lake Shareholders of a number of
shares of Sollensys common stock to be determined at the SEA Closing. 

1 

The
SEA Closing occurred on November 30, 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, Sollensys acquired from the Eagle Lake
Shareholders 10,000,000 shares Eagle Lake s common stock, no par value per share, representing 100 of the issued and outstanding
capital stock of Eagle Lake, in exchange for the issuance to the Eagle Lake Shareholders of 95,000,000 shares of Sollensys common stock
(the Share Exchange ). At the time of the SEA Closing, Eagle Lake had 10,011,667 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding,
which was 11,667 shares in excess of the number of shares of common stock authorized pursuant to Eagle Lake s articles of incorporation.
Such over-issued shares are void under Florida law and are not entitled to any rights of a stockholder of Eagle Lake. As such, the 10,000,000
shares of Eagle Lake common stock that Sollensys acquired from the Eagle Lake Shareholders, represented 100 of the issued and outstanding
capital stock of Eagle Lake of the presence of over-issued shares. 

As
a result of the Share Exchange, Eagle Lake became a wholly owned subsidiary of Sollensys and the business of Eagle Lake became the business
of Sollensys. 

Eagle
Lake was incorporated in the State of Florida on May 8, 2020. Eagle Lake offers advanced technology products for cybersecurity that ensure
a clients data integrity through collection, storage, and transmission. 

Headquarters
Property 

On
September 8, 2021, the Company closed on the purchase of a commercial building, land, and fixtures in Palm Bay, Florida, as a location
for the Company s new headquarters. On November 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Commercial Contract (the Sale Agreement ),
by and between the Company and EML Realty Partners, LLC EML ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and EML agreed
to purchase, upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Sale Agreement, the Company s headquarters property at 1470 Treeland
Boulevard SE, Palm Bay, Florida (the Property ). Pursuant to the terms of the Sale Agreement, EML agreed to pay to the Company
 3,850,000 in exchange for the Property. The Sale Agreement was subject to a 30-day due diligence period and contained customary representations,
warranties, and conditions. 

The
sale of the Property closed on December 30, 2022. 

In
connection with the sale of the Property, the parties also agreed to enter into a five-year office lease Lease after
closing, pursuant to which EML agreed to lease to the Company the office building on the Property. In exchange, the Company agreed to
pay to EML base rent as follows: 

Months 
 Annual Base Rent 
 Monthly Base Rent 
 
 1-12 
 308,000.00 
 25,666.67 
 
 13-24 
 317,240.00 
 26,436.67 
 
 25-36 
 326,757.20 
 27,229.77 
 
 37-48 
 336,559.92 
 28,046.66 
 
 49-60 
 346,656.72 
 28,888.06 

The
Company and EML entered into the Lease on December 30, 2022. In connection with entry into the Lease, and pursuant to the terms thereof,
the Company delivered to EML a personal guaranty by Donald Beavers, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Company s
Board of Directors. 

Abstract
Media 

On
October 15, 2021, the Company entered into that certain Membership Interest Exchange Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as
of October 15, 2021, by and among (i) the Company; (ii) Abstract Media, LLC Abstract Media ), (iii) each of the members
of Abstract Media (collectively, the Abstract Media Members and (iv) Andrew Baker as the representative of the Abstract
Media Members (the Members Representative ). 

2 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to acquire from the Abstract Media Members all of the membership interests of Abstract
Media held by the Abstract Media Members, representing 100 of the membership interests of Abstract Media, in exchange for the issuance
by the Company to the Abstract Media Members of (i) shares of the Company s common stock equal to 605,000 based on the trading
price of the Company s common stock minus the Debt Repayment Amount (as hereinafter defined), divided by the VWAP (as defined in
the Agreement) as of the closing date, plus (ii) 15,000, plus (iii) 15,000 to be paid solely to John Swain as additional consideration
for Mr. Swain s membership interests (the Acquisition ). The Debt Repayment Amount means the debt owned
by the Company to Mr. Swain pursuant to a promissory note dated as of August 15, 2017, which debt the parties agree is approximately
 80,000, but which shall be finally calculated on the closing date. 

The
Acquisition closed on December 6, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, on December 6, 2021, the Abstract Media Members assigned
their respective membership interests in Abstract Media to the Company, and Abstract Media became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
In exchange therefor, on December 6, 2021, the Company issued to the Abstract Media Members an aggregate of 73,244 shares of the Company s
common stock, plus (ii) 15,000 paid to members, plus (iii) 15,000 paid solely to John Swain as additional consideration for Mr. Swain s
membership interests. 

On
November 4, 2022, the Company sold 100 of its membership interest in Abstract Media, LLC to Tech Edge Services for 1,000. Additional
terms are as follows: 

(a) The
parties acknowledged and agreed that Abstract Media is currently the lessee pursuant to a lease for the premises located at 33136 Magnolia
Circle, Suite F, Magnolia, Texas 77354 (the Lease ). Following the closing, the Seller will continue to pay the rent payable
pursuant to the Lease for the months of November 2022 and December 2022. Tech Edge will thereafter be responsible for rent payments in
the Lease commencing on January 1, 2023. 

(b) The
Company will pay, and will be responsible for, all outstanding liabilities of Abstract Media related to any and all contracts of Abstract
Media as of the closing date. 

(c) Following
the closing and for a period of 24 months thereafter (the Earn-Out Period ), Tech Edge Services will pay to the Company
an amount equal to 5 of the gross proceeds received by the Company with respect to contracts and agreements in place with Abstract
Media as of the closing date. Such payments shall be made within seven days of each calendar month during the Earn-Out Period. 

10 
Convertible Promissory Note 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note to AJB Capital Investments, LLC AJB an unrelated thirty party
lender, in the principal amount of 600,000 AJB Note ). Pursuant to the terms of the AJB Note, the Company agreed
to pay to AJB the principal amount of the AJB Note, together with guaranteed interest on the principal balance in the amount of 10 
per calendar year. The AJB Note matured on April 13, 2023 (the Maturity Date provided, however, that the Maturity
Date may be extended at the Company s sole discretion up to six months following the original Maturity Date. If the Maturity Date
is extended, the interest rate will be 15 per annum for any period following the original Maturity Date, payable monthly. The AJB Note
has an original issue discount of 60,000. Accordingly, the gross proceeds of the AJB Note was 540,000. Any amount of principal or interest
on the AJB Note that is not paid when due will bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) 18 , and (ii) the maximum amount permitted
under law from the due date thereof until the same is paid. 

3 

The
AJB Note is convertible, subject to a 4.99 equity blocker, in the event of a default, as provided in the AJB Note, into common stock
at a conversion price (the Conversion Price equal to the Variable Weighted Average Price VWAP (i) during
the previous 10 trading day period ending on the date of issuance of the AJB Note, or (ii) during the previous 10 trading day period
ending on the conversion date, whichever is lower. If the common stock is not deliverable electronically by the Depository Trust Company DWAC ), an additional 10 discount will apply for all future conversions until DWAC delivery becomes available. If the
common stock is chilled for deposit into the DTC system and only eligible for clearing deposit, an additional 15 discount
will apply for all future conversions until such chill is lifted. Additionally, if the Company ceases to be a reporting company pursuant
to the Exchange Act, or if the AJB Note cannot be converted into free trading shares after 181 days from the issue date (other than as
a result of AJB s status as an affiliate of the Company), an additional 15 discount will be attributed to the conversion price. 

While
the AJB Note is outstanding, each time any third party has the right to convert monies owed to that third party into common stock (or
receive shares pursuant to a settlement or otherwise), at a discount to market greater than the Conversion Price in effect at that time
(prior to all other applicable adjustments in the AJB Note), then AJB, in its sole discretion, may utilize such greater discount percentage
(prior to all applicable adjustments in this AJB Note) until the AJB Note is no longer outstanding. While the AJB Note is outstanding,
each time any third party has a look back period greater than the look back period in effect under the AJB Note at that time, then AJB,
in its sole discretion, may utilize such greater number of look back days until the AJB Note is no longer outstanding. 

Upon
the occurrence of certain events of default specified in the AJB Note, including, but not limited to, a failure to honor a conversion
request, failure to maintain the Company s quotation, or the Company s failure to comply with its obligations under Exchange
Act, all amounts owed to AJB under the AJB Note, including default interest if any, shall then become due and payable. Further, if the
Company fail to maintain its quotation, fails to comply with its obligations under the Exchange Act, or loses the bid price
for its common stock for a period of five days after written notice thereof to the Company, after the nine-month anniversary of the AJB
Note, then the principal amount of the AJB Note will increase by 15,000 and AJB will be entitled to use the lowest trading price
during the delinquency period as a base price for the conversion and the Conversion Price will be redefined to mean 40 multiplied by
the Conversion Price, subject to adjustment as provided in the AJB Note. 

Additionally, in connection
with the issuance of the AJB note the Company issued 5,125,000 shares of restricted common stock valued at 530,000. 

Common
Stock Purchase Warrant 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Warrant, AJB may purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price per share of 0.15,
subject to adjustment as set forth in the Warrant, for a period ending on October 13, 2027. Exercises are subject to a 4.99 equity blocker. 

The
Company also agreed to include the shares exercisable upon exercise of the Warrant in a registration statement filed by the Company with
respect to a public offering of the Company s securities. If no such registration statement is filed or if the Company fails to
include such shares in the registration statement, then no later than the date that is 90 days after October 13, 2022, the Company will
file a registration statement including all shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant and will cause the registration statement to
be declared effective within 180 days after October 13, 2022. 

Security
Agreement 

In
connection with entry into the SPA and issuance of the AJB Note, on October 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Security Agreement,
dated as of October 13, 2022, by and between the Company and AJB (the Security Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the
Security Agreement, the Company agreed to grant to AJB an unconditional and continuing first priority security interest in all of the
assets and property of the Company to secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of all of the Company s obligations
under the AJB Note, the SPA and the other documents executed in connection with the SPA. 

The
Security Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnification obligations of the Company. 

4 

Celerit
Rescission Agreement 

As
previously disclosed, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement dated as of April 7, 2022 (the Merger Agreement ),
by and among S-CC Merger Sub, Inc. S-CC Merger Sub ), a previously a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; Ssolutions
Merger Sub, Inc., a previously a wholly owned subsidiary of Sollensys S-Solutions Merger Sub SCARE Holdings, LLC, a
wholly owned subsidiary of Sollensys SCARE (iii) Celerit Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sollensys Celerit 
(iv) Celerit Solutions Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sollensys Celerit Solutions (v) Terry Rothwell; and
(vi) CRE Holdings, LLC CRE ), the parties to the Merger Agreement undertook certain transactions, including the merger
of Celerit with and into S-CC Merger Sub, with Celerit surviving, and the merger of Celerit Solutions with and into S-Solutions Merger
Sub, with Celerit Solutions surviving, in which transactions Ms. Rothwell received certain consideration as set forth in the Merger Agreement,
and in connection with which the parties entered into certain other agreements and certain other transactions. Subsequent to entry into
the Merger Agreement, the parties determined that they would unwind the transactions as set forth in the Merger Agreement and in the
other agreements entered into in connection therewith. 

Accordingly,
on August 22, 2022, the Company entered into the Rescission, Termination and Release Agreement (the Rescission Agreement by and among (i) the Company, (ii) SCARE; (iii) Celerit; (iv) Celerit Solutions; (v) Ms. Rothwell; (vi) Ron Harmon; and (vii) CRE. Pursuant
to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, the parties agreed to unwind the transactions as set forth in the Merger Agreement and in the
other agreements entered into in connection therewith, so as to place each of the parties to the Merger Agreement in the position that
they were as of immediately prior to the closing of the transactions as set forth in and as contemplated by the Merger Agreement and
the related agreements. As a result, on August 26, 2022, the following agreements were terminated, except as set forth in the Rescission
Agreement: (i) the Rothwell Employment Agreement, (ii) the Harmon Employment Agreement, (iii) the Blockchain Archive Server Agreement,
(iv) the Rothwell Note, (v) the Banking Agreement, and (vi) the Real Estate Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, among other things, the parties agreed as follows: 

(i) Sollensys
agreed to transfer to Ms. Rothwell one share of Celerit common stock; 

(ii) Sollensys
agreed to transfer to Ms. Rothwell one share of Celerit Solutions common stock; 

(iii) Ms.
Rothwell agreed to transfer to Sollensys 4,000,000 shares of Sollensys common stock; 

(iv) Ms.
Rothwell agreed to resign from any and all positions with Sollensys, including as a member of Sollensys board of directors; 

(v) Donald
Beavers agreed to resign as a director and officer of Celerit and Celerit Solutions; 

(vi) Anthony
Nolte agreed to resign as a director and officer of Celerit and Celerit Solutions; and 

(vii) 
 Sollensys agreed, in connection with its withdrawal
 from Celerit of an aggregate of 605,000 following the closing of the Merger Agreement, to issue to Celerit a promissory note in the
 principal amount of 605,000, accruing interest at the rate of 7 per annum and due on September 30, 2022 (the Celerit
 Note ). As of the date of this Report, this Note remains unpaid and in default. Celerit has initiated a collection action on
 this Note. 

5 

In
addition, pursuant to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, the parties agreed to terminate: 

(i) The
Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and between Sollensys and Ms. Rothwell (the Rothwell Employment
Agreement ), except as set forth in the Rescission Agreement; 

(ii) The
Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and between Sollensys and Mr. Harmon (the Harmon Employment
Agreement ), except as set forth in the Rescission Agreement; 

(iii) The
Rothwell Sollensys Blockchain Archive Server Distributive Data Center Agreement (2 Units), dated as of April 7, 2022, by and among
Sollensys, Ms. Rothwell and George Benjamin Rothwell (the Blockchain Archive Server Agreement 

(iv) The
Promissory Note issued by Sollensys to Ms. Rothwell on April 7, 2022 (the Rothwell Note 

(v) The
Banking and Credit Union Services Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and between Sollensys and Celerit (the Banking
Agreement 

(vi) The
Real Estate Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2022, by and among Sollensys, SCARE, CRE, Ms. Rothwell and Mr. Rothwell
(the Real Estate Purchase Agreement ). 

As
a result of the recission the Company recorded a loss of 11,998,500 from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Promissory
Note 

On August 22, 2022, Sollensys
issued a Promissory Note, in the principal amount of 605,000, to Celerit. The Celerit Note bears simple interest at a rate of 7 per
annum to the maturity date, September 30, 2022, or such earlier date as the Celerit Note may be paid pursuant to the terms of the
Celerit Note. There is no penalty or premium for prepayment. In the Event of Default (as defined in the Celerit Note), Celerit may, at
its option, declare the entire indebtedness under the Celerit Note immediately due and payable. As of the date of this Report, this Note
remains unpaid and in default. Celerit has initiated a collection action on this Note. 

Board
Resignations 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, effective August 22, 2022, Ms. Rothwell resigned as a member of Sollensys board of directors.
Effective August 23, 2022, Anthony Nolte resigned as a member of Sollensys board of directors. Ms. Rothwell s and Mr. Nolte s
resignations are not because of a disagreement with Sollensys on any matter relating to Sollensys operations, policies or practices. 

Future
Product and Service Offerings 

In
the future, we may decide to expand our product and service offerings outside of blockchain cybersecurity solutions, and develop science,
technology, and engineering solutions for companies in fields such as aerospace, chemical engineering, defense and intelligence, but
as of December 31, 2022, we focus exclusively on blockchain technology solutions for cybersecurity and data management. We focus on innovation
and development of commercial blockchain applications that are either complementary to the Blockchain Archive Server or standalone products
and services related to cybersecurity. 

6 

Distribution 

Sales
Structure 

The
Blockchain Archive Server is now available across the United States and Canada through authorized distributors. Currently, Sollensys
Corp is the only authorized distributor of the Blockchain Archive Server, pursuant to a Reseller Agreement between Eagle Lake and Sollensys
entered into on August 20, 2020 (the Reseller Agreement ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Reseller Agreement, Eagle Lake appointed Sollensys as a non-exclusive distributor of Eagle Lake s products
and services. As a distributor for Eagle Lake, Sollensys has agreed to, among other things, use its best efforts to solicit orders from
interested parties for Eagle Lake s products and services, secure channel partners and distributors for Eagle Lake s products
and services, and to resell Eagle Lake s products and services to for-profit organizations, non-profit-organizations, government
entities, quasi-governmental agencies, and any other type of organizations in the United States and abroad. Sollensys also has the right
to engage its own distributors for Eagle Lake s products. For all sales, Sollensys is entitled to any profits generated on such
sales, which is the difference between the cost of Sollensys to acquire the products and/or services from Eagle Lake to sell and the
price at which Sollensys is ultimately able to sell those products and/or services to customers. 

Delivery
 Installation 

The
Blockchain Archive Server is a turn-key solution that can stand alone or seamlessly integrate into an existing data infrastructure to
quickly recover from a cyber-attack. Delivery of the Blockchain Archive Server to a client is accomplished by delivering a server loaded
with Eagle Lake s blockchain cybersecurity software (i.e., the Blockchain Archive Server) to a client s physical location
where such client s information technology IT systems infrastructure is accessible. Once physically delivered on-site,
the Blockchain Archive Server is installed and integrated with the client s existing IT system servers. The unit remains at the
client s location to run the software. Sollensys (or its authorized distributors) handles all delivery and installation of the
Blockchain Server, and provides maintenance as needed. 

Industry
Overview and Market Opportunity 

Cyberattacks
have evolved from rudimentary malware into highly sophisticated, organized, and large-scale attacks. A broad range of industries are
affected by these attacks, consumers to governments, no one is safe. 

According
to a 2019 Year End Report published by RiskBased Security, over 7,000 data breaches were reported in 2019 alone, resulting in over 15
billion records being exposed that show companies have an expanding need to protect themselves from persistent cyber-attacks. 

Ransomware
attacks have generated billions of dollars in payments to cybercriminals and inflicted significant damage and expenses for consumers,
businesses, and governments. Sophos publish a report in May 2020 titled The State of Ransomware 2020 . This showed 59 of
500 U.S. organizations surveyed, experienced a ransomware attack, with a global average of 51 of companies having been victims of ransomware
attacks in the last year. This report also stated that the average cost to rectify the impacts of a ransomware attack (considering downtime,
human resources, device cost, network cost, ransom price, etc.) was 732,520 for organizations that do not pay the ransom. The price
tag for organizations that do pay rises to 1,448,458. As of October 1, 2021, the U.S. Department of Treasury warns that paying a ransom
my violate U.S. law. 

An
October 2020 article published by Security Magazine reported that data from 25,000 small-to-midsize organizations in the United States
reveal ransomware as the top cyber insurance incident in the first half of the year. The average ransomware demand increased 100 from
2019 through the first quarter of 2020. Additionally, 10 of small businesses were put out of business in 2019 due to cyber-attacks according
to DarkReading.com. 

These
trends provide significant data demonstrating the need for Sollensys Blockchain Archive Server in the cybersecurity market. According
to the International Data Corporation (IDC), the addressable enterprise security market benefiting from Sollensys solutions
is expected to reach nearly 17.3 billion in 2020, growing at a CAGR of 6.9 through 2024. The addressable enterprise security
market represents revenue from five markets (web security, security information and event management, network security, corporate
endpoint, and data loss protection). 

7 

Competition 

The
market for cybersecurity solutions for organizations (i.e., enterprises, governments, etc.) is highly competitive and constantly evolving.
Conditions in our market are prone to frequent and rapid changes in technology, customer requirements and preferences, and industry standards
resulting in frequent new product and service offerings and improvements and the entrance of new market participants. As a result, we
face a broad set of competitors. 

We
compete for cybersecurity budgets both with larger integration providers, such as Symantec (a division of Broadcom), Palo Alto Networks,
Sophos, Microsoft, Trend Micro, and Sentinel One in the endpoint, networking, and cloud access security broker CASB space,
as well as with point solutions focusing on a subset of the cybersecurity market. These competitors include Crowdstrike, Carbon Black
(a division of Vmware), Tanium, and Cylance (a division of BlackBerry) in the endpoint market, Netskope, and Bitglass in the CASB market,
IBM and Cisco in network intrusion, Forcepoint, and Zscaler in the secure web gateways market, and IBM, Splunk, Micro Focus, Dell,
and LogRhythm in the security operations market. Products and services differ depending on the organization, but are all considered
part of the end user s cybersecurity budget. 

The
principle competitive factors in the markets for our solutions include: 

brand recognition and reputation; 

breadth and integration
 of product offerings; 

product features, reliability,
 performance, and effectiveness; 

price and total cost of
 ownership; 

strength and productivity
 of sales and marketing efforts; 

quality of customer service;
 and 

financial resources and
 stability. 
 
 We
are not aware of any direct competitors with a product solution similar to the Blockchain Archive Server. Nonetheless, we face competition
for budget allocations in all of the areas outlined above. We believe we compete favorably in a number of the above factors; however,
we believe that our primary competitive advantage is the compatibility and ease of installation of our Blockchain Archive Server, which
was designed as a turn-key solution that can stand alone or seamlessly integrate into an existing data infrastructure to quickly recover
from a cyber-attack. 

However,
many of our current competitors and potential competitors have competitive advantages, such as more extensive operations, larger product
development and strategic acquisition budgets, or greater financial, technical, sales, or marketing resources than we do. For additional
information about the risks to our business related to competition, see the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Customers,
Sales and Marketing 

We
sell our products or services directly to customers. In addition, in the future, we may contract with third party distributors on an
exclusive or non-exclusive basis to sell our products and services. 

We
have sold the Blockchain Archive Server to a number of different companies in a wide array of industries. Companies that have purchased
the Blockchain Archive Server include SFTF, LLC, which operates five Ashley HomeStore Outlets in Jacksonville, Florida. Ashley HomeStore
is the number one furniture and mattress retailer in America and the number one selling furniture store brand in the world. In addition,
the Blockchain Archive Server has been purchased and installed for medical data protection at Ability Plus Therapy Inc., which operates
a pediatric therapy center in Melbourne, Florida and at Island Direct Primary Care, a concierge medical service in Merritt
Island, Florida. Both firms provide private health care and wellness services to individuals or companies. At these locations, a special
version of the Blockchain Archive Server designed to meet the unique requirements under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 HIPAA regarding patient/doctor confidentiality was delivered to these customers. 

The
Blockchain Archive Server is available across the United States and Canada. To date, most customers have been small-to-medium sized businesses.
We are dependent on any of these individual customers. 

8 

Suppliers
and Raw Materials 

We
purchase the servers used to make the Blockchain Archive Servers from third-party retailers, such as Amazon. We have not entered into
any agreements with suppliers for any hardware or other raw materials. 

Government
Regulation 

We
are subject to compliance with a number of regulations, in the United States and internationally, in connection with the operation of
our business. By virtue of the fact that our Blockchain Archive Server involves processing of personal information, we are subject to
data protection and privacy laws and regulations, which are evolving and being tested in courts, which may result in increasing regulatory
and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. 

A
variety of data protection legislation apply in the U.S. at both the federal and state level, including new laws that may impact our
operations. For example, in 2018, the State of California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which
went into effect on January 1, 2020, with enforcement by the state attorney general beginning July 1, 2020. The CCPA defines
 personal information in a broad manner and generally requires companies that process personal information of California
residents to make new disclosures about their data collection, use, and sharing practices, allows consumers to opt-out of certain
data sharing with third parties or sale of personal information, and provides a new cause of action for data breaches. 

In
2016, the European Union (the E.U. adopted the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which took effect
in 2018. The GDPR includes more stringent operational requirements on entities that receive or process personal data (as compared to
existing E.U. law), along with significant penalties for non-compliance, more robust obligations on data processors and data
controllers, greater rights for data subjects (potentially requiring significant changes to both our technology and operations), and
heavier documentation requirements for data protection compliance programs. Similarly, there are a number of federal and state level
legislative proposals in the U.S. that could impose new obligations on us. In addition, some countries are considering or have passed
legislation implementing more onerous data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or other requirements
that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. Although our sales are currently focused on customers in the
U.S. and Canada, we may expand into Europe in the future, and would then be subject to such laws. 

Like
other U.S.-based IT security products, our products are subject to U.S. export control laws and regulations, specifically the Export
Administration Regulations EAR ), U.S. economic and trade sanctions regulations and applicable foreign government import,
export and use requirements. Certain of our products may be subject to encryption controls under the EAR due to the nature of the product
and its use or incorporation of encryption functionality. Under the encryption controls in the EAR, applicable products may only be exported
outside of the U.S. with required export authorizations, such as a license, a license exception or other appropriate government authorizations.
In addition to the restrictions under the EAR, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the export of products and services
to countries, governments, entities or persons subject to U.S. embargoes or trade sanctions. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
filed an application for a trademark with the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO on July 14, 2020 under
Application Serial No. 90051101 for the Word Mark Blockchain Archive Server . The trademark is currently pending registration
by the USPTO. 

9 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we employ three full-time employees and no part-time employees. We will continue to focus on the hiring, retention
and advancement of women and underrepresented populations, and to cultivate an inclusive and diverse corporate culture. In the future,
we intend to continue to evaluate our use of human capital measures or objectives in managing our business such as the factors we employ
or seek to employ in the development, attraction and retention of personnel and maintenance of diversity in our workforce. 

The
success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety
and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with robust compensation and benefits, including salaries
and health benefits, to help meet the needs of our employees. 

We
believe that we maintain a satisfactory working relationship with our employees and have not experienced any labor disputes. 

Corporate
History 

Sollensys
Corp was formerly a development stage company, incorporated in Nevada on September 29, 2010, under the name Health Directory, Inc. The
Company s initial plans included organization and incorporation, target market identification, marketing plans, and capital formation.
A substantial portion of the Company s efforts involved developing a business plan and establishing contacts and visibility in
the marketplace. The Company did not, however, generate any revenues from these efforts. 

Effective
July 30, 2012, the holder of 3,000,000 shares, or approximately 79.8 of the Company s then outstanding voting securities, executed
a written consent approving an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to change the Company s name to Sollensys Corp, to increase
the number of authorized shares of common stock to 1,500,000,000, increase the number of authorized preferred shares to 25,000,000, and
to split each outstanding share of common stock into 131.69 shares of common stock. 

Subsequently,
beginning September 30, 2012, the Company went dormant. 

On
December 27, 2019, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada (the Court ), pursuant to Case number A-19-805633-B
appointed Custodian Ventures, LLC Custodian Ventures as the custodian of Sollensys Corp David Lazar, who controls Custodian
Ventures, was subsequently named the only interim officer and director of the Company. 

On
June 16, 2020, Custodian Ventures filed a motion with the Court asking the Court to enter an order concluding and terminating the custodianship
of the Company. On July 20, 2020, the Court entered an order terminating custodianship and barring non-asserted claims against the Company. 

Effective
August 5, 2020, Mr. Lazar, the interim Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, and sole director of the Company and
the beneficial owner, through his ownership of Custodian Ventures of 19,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock, representing 100 
of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA by and among Eagle Lake, Sollensys Corp, and Custodian Ventures. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, Eagle Lake agreed to purchase, and
Custodian Ventures agreed to sell, 19,000,000 shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock in exchange for payment by Eagle
Lake to Custodian Ventures of 230,000 (collectively with the other transactions in the SPA, the Stock Purchase ). The Stock
Purchase closed on August 5, 2020. The shares of Series A preferred stock are convertible into shares of common stock at a rate of 50
shares of common stock per share of Series A preferred stock, and has voting power on an as-converted basis (voting with the common stock
as one class), and thus represents 65.4 of the voting power of all shares of stock of the Company. 

10 

In
connection with the closing of the Stock Purchase, on August 5, 2020, Mr. Lazar, the then-sole member of the Board of Directors (the
 Board of the Company, pursuant to the power granted to the Board in the Company s bylaws, increased the size of
the Company s Board to two members. Simultaneously, Mr. Lazar, as the sole Board member, appointed Donald Beavers as a director
to fill the newly created Board vacancy. At the same time, Mr. Lazar appointed Mr. Beavers as Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of
the Company. 

Also
on August 5, 2020, following Mr. Beaver s appointment and effective on the closing of the Stock Purchase, Mr. Lazar resigned from
any and all officer and director positions with the Company. Mr. Lazar s resignation was not the result of a disagreement with
the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies, or practices. 

On
November 30, 2020, Sollensys Corp entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with (i) Eagle
Lake, (ii) each of the shareholders of Eagle Lake (the Eagle Lake Shareholders and (iii) Mr. Beavers as the representative
of the Eagle Lake Shareholders (the Shareholders Representative ). 

Among
other conditions to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement (the SEA Closing ), pursuant
to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, the parties agreed that Sollensys Corp would acquire 100 of Eagle Lake s issued
and outstanding capital stock, in exchange for the issuance to the Eagle Lake Shareholders of a number of shares of Sollensys Corp s common stock to
be determined at the SEA Closing. 

The
SEA Closing occurred on November 30, 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, Sollensys Corp acquired from the Eagle
Lake Shareholders 10,000,000 shares Eagle Lake s common stock, no par value per share, representing 100 of the issued and outstanding
capital stock of Eagle Lake, in exchange for the issuance to the Eagle Lake Shareholders of 95,000,000 shares of Sollensys common stock
(the Share Exchange ). At the time of the SEA Closing, Eagle Lake had 10,011,667 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding,
which was 11,667 shares in excess of the number of shares of common stock authorized pursuant to Eagle Lake s articles of incorporation.
Such over-issued shares are void under Florida law and are not entitled to any rights of a stockholder of Eagle Lake. As such, the 10,000,000
shares of Eagle Lake common stock that Sollensys Corp acquired from the Eagle Lake Shareholders, represented 100 of the issued and outstanding
capital stock of Eagle Lake of the presence of over-issued shares. 

As
a result of the Share Exchange, Eagle Lake became a wholly owned subsidiary of Sollensys Corp and the business of Eagle Lake became the
business of Sollensys Corp. 

The
Share Exchange is intended to be a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code ), and the Share Exchange Agreement is intended to be a plan of reorganization within the meaning
of the regulations promulgated under Section 368(a) of the Code and for the purpose of qualifying as a tax-free transaction for federal
income tax purposes. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain a website at www.sollensys.com. The information on the Company s website is not incorporated herein by reference. The
Company will make available, free of charge on its website, the most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequently filed quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. 

The
public may also read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street,
NE, Washington, DC 20549 or by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains, free of charge, an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that
contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

11 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investment
in our securities involves a number of substantial risks. You should not invest in our securities unless you are able to bear the complete
loss of your investment. In addition to the risks and investment considerations discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
the following factors should be carefully considered by anyone purchasing our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below
are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also
may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business could be harmed. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

We
are an early stage company with a limited operating history. Such limited operating history may not provide an adequate basis to judge
our future prospects and results of operations. 

Eagle
Lake was incorporated on May 8, 2020. We have limited experience and a limited operating history in which to assess our future prospects
as a company. In addition, the market for our products and services is highly competitive. If we fail to successfully develop and offer
our products and services in an increasingly competitive market, we may not be able to capture the growth opportunities associated with
them or recover our development costs, and our future results of operations and growth strategies could be adversely affected. Our limited
history may not provide a meaningful basis for investors to evaluate our business, financial performance, and prospects. 

We
may fail to successfully execute our business plan. 

Our
shareholders may lose their entire investment if we fail to execute our business plan. Our prospects must be considered in light of the
following risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, competition, the erosion of ongoing revenue streams, the ability to
retain experienced personnel and general economic conditions. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in executing our business
plan. If we fail to successfully execute our business plan, we may be forced to cease operations, in which case our shareholders may
lose their entire investment. 

The
cybersecurity market is rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly competitive in response to continually evolving cybersecurity threats
from a variety of increasingly sophisticated cyberattackers. If we fail to anticipate changing customer requirements or industry and
market developments, or we fail to adapt our business model to keep pace with evolving market trends, our financial performance will
suffer. 

The
cybersecurity market is characterized by continual changes in customer preferences and requirements, frequent and rapid technological
developments and continually evolving market trends. We must continually address the challenges of dynamic, and accelerating market trends,
such as the emergence of new cybersecurity threats, the continued decline in the sale of new personal computers, and the rise of mobility
and cloud-based solutions, all of which make satisfying our customers diverse and evolving needs more challenging. In addition,
many of our target enterprise customers operate in industries characterized by rapidly changing technologies and business plans, which
require them to adapt quickly to increasingly complex cybersecurity requirements. We may be unable to develop new technologies to keep
pace with evolving threats therefore fail to meet customer expectations, which could lead to our competitive position, business, and
financial results being harmed. 

The
introduction of new products or services by competitors and market acceptance of products or services based on emerging or alternative
technologies could each render our existing solutions obsolete or make it easier for other products or services to compete with our solutions.
In addition, modern cyberattackers are skilled at adapting to new technologies and developing new methods of breaching customers. For
example, ransomware attacks have increased in frequency and complexity, and the costs associated with successful ransomware attacks have
increased. We must continuously work to ensure our solutions protect against the increased volume and complexity of the cybersecurity
threat landscape, or our business could suffer. 

We
cannot be sure that we will accurately predict how the cybersecurity markets in which we compete or intend to compete will evolve. Failure
on our part to anticipate changes in our markets and to develop solutions and enhancements that meet the demands of those markets will
significantly impair our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

12 

We
operate in a highly competitive environment, and we expect competitive pressures to increase in the future, which could cause us to lose
market share. 

The
markets for our solutions are highly competitive, and we expect both the requirements and pricing competition to increase, particularly
given the increasingly sophisticated attacks, changing customer preferences and requirements, current economic pressures, and market
consolidation. Competitive pressures in these markets may result in price reductions, reduced margins, loss of market share and inability
to gain market share, and a decline in sales, any one of which could seriously impact our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. 

Our
business depends substantially on our ability to retain customers, through continued quality service and/or new product offerings. If
we are unable to retain our customers or to expand our product offerings, our future results of operations will be harmed. 

While
we receive revenues from the sale of the Blockchain Archive Server software and hardware units , or secondary revenue
stream may come from the annual maintenance fees associated with each unit that a customer purchases. Such fees, over
time, will eclipse the revenues that we receive from the initial sale of our products, and therefore customer retention is important
to our Company. 

Retention
rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including but not limited to the level of our customers satisfaction
or dissatisfaction with our solutions, our prices and the prices of competing products or services, new technologies, changes in our
customers spending levels, and changes in how our customers perceive the cybersecurity threats. Any of the above factors could
lead to a loss of customers, which would have negative impact on our financial condition and operating results. Further, our customers
have no obligation to renew their contracts with us upon their expiration, which increases the risk that we may suffer from customer
attrition. 

Further,
while it is important that we retain existing customers, it is also important that our customers expand their use of our solutions. Our
ability to improve our results of operations partly depends on our ability to increase sales of and cross-sell new solutions to existing
customers. At present, we do not have any other product offerings apart from the Blockchain Archive Server to offer to our existing customers.
Any new products that we develop to offer to customers are therefore untested, and may be unsuccessful. Our failure to sell additional
solutions to our existing and new customers could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 

We
may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. 

The
intense competition we face in the cybersecurity market, in addition to general economic and business conditions (including the economic
downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic), can result in downward pressure on the prices of our solutions. If our competitors
offer significant discounts on competing products or services, or develop products or services that our customers believe are more valuable
or cost-effective, we may be required to decrease our prices or offer other sales incentives in order to compete successfully. Additionally,
if we increase prices for our solutions, demand for our solutions could decline as customers adopt less expensive competing products
and our market share could suffer. If we do not adapt our pricing models to reflect changes in customer use of our products or changes
in customer demand, our revenues could decrease. 

Our
solutions may have defects, errors, or vulnerabilities, and may fail to detect, prevent, or block cyberattacks, which our reputation
and our brand could suffer, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Cybersecurity
is a complex area of operation. The Blockchain Archive Server and/or future products may contain design defects, vulnerabilities, or
errors that are not yet detected. Such defects of our solutions could cause our solutions to be vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks,
cause them to fail to perform the intended operation, or temporarily interrupt the operations of our customers. In addition, since the
techniques used by adversaries change frequently and generally are not recognized until widely applied, there is a risk that our solutions
would not be able to address certain attacks. Moreover, our solutions and infrastructure technology systems could be targeted by bad
actors and attacks specifically designed to disrupt our business and undermine the perception that our solutions are capable of providing
their intended benefits, which, in turn, could have a serious impact on our reputation. 

13 

The
failure, perceived or real, of any of our solutions to detect or prevent malware, viruses, worms, or similar threats for any number of
reasons, including our failure to enhance and expand our solutions to reflect market trends and new attack methods, new technologies
and new operating environments, the complexity of our customers environment and the sophistication and coordination of threat
actors launching malware, ransomware, viruses, intrusion devices, and other threats could cause our reputation and business could be
harmed. 

We
may also incur significant costs and operational consequences of investigating, remediating, eliminating, and putting in place additional
tools and devices designed to prevent actual or perceived security breaches and other incidents, as well as the costs to comply with
any notification obligations resulting from any security incidents. 

Our
investments in new or enhanced solutions may not yield the benefits we anticipate. 

The
success of our business depends on our ability to develop new technologies and solutions, to anticipate future customer requirements
and applicable industry standards, and to respond to the changing needs of our customers, competitive technological developments, and
industry changes. We currently only have two products. We will need to continue to develop products and services in order to grow, or
even maintain, our current levels of operations. 

The
process of developing new technologies is time consuming, complex, and uncertain, and requires the commitment of significant resources
well in advance of being able to fully determine market requirements and industry standards. Furthermore, we may not be able to timely
execute new technical product or solution initiatives for a variety of reasons such as errors in planning or timing, technical difficulties
that we cannot timely resolve, or a lack of appropriate resources. Complex solutions like ours may contain undetected errors or compatibility
problems, particularly when first released, which could delay or adversely impact market acceptance. We may also experience delays or
unforeseen costs related to integrating products we acquire with products we develop, because we may be unfamiliar with errors or compatibility
issues of products we did not develop ourselves. Any of these development challenges, or the failure to appropriately adjust our go-to-market strategy
to accommodate new offerings, may result in delays in the commercial release of new solutions or may cause us to terminate development
of new solutions prior to commercial release. Any such challenges could result in competitors bringing products or services to market
before we do and a related decrease in our market segment share and net revenue. Our inability to introduce new solutions and enhancements
in a timely and cost-effective manner, or the failure of these new solutions or enhancements to achieve market acceptance and comply
with industry standards and governmental regulation, could seriously harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
cash flows. 

If
we are unable to attract, train, motivate, and retain senior management and other qualified personnel, our business could suffer. 

Our
success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain senior management personnel, as well as technically qualified and
highly skilled sales, consulting, technical, finance, and marketing personnel. It could be difficult, time consuming, and expensive to
identify, recruit, and onboard any key management member or other critical personnel. Competition for highly skilled personnel is often
intense, particularly in the markets in which we operate, including Silicon Valley. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified
individuals, our ability to compete in the markets for our products could be adversely affected, which would have a negative impact on
our business and financial results. Our competitors may be successful in recruiting and hiring members of our management team or other
key employees, including key employees obtained through our acquisitions, and it may be difficult for us to find suitable replacements
on a timely basis, on competitive terms or at all. 

Changes
in management or other critical personnel may be disruptive to our business and might also result in our loss of unique skills, loss
of knowledge about our business, and may result in the departure of other existing employees, customers or partners. We have experienced
recent turnover in our senior management team, and further turnover in the future could adversely affect our business. 

We
operate in an industry with an overall shortage of skilled and experienced talent that generally experiences high employee attrition.
We have experienced significant turnover over the last few years and expect that may continue. The loss of one or more of our key employees
could seriously harm our business. If we are unable to attract, integrate, or retain the qualified and highly skilled personnel required
to fulfill our current or future needs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be harmed. 

Effective
succession planning is also important to the long-term success of our business. If we fail to ensure effective transfer of knowledge
and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. The loss of senior management or any
ineffective transitions in management, especially in our sales organization, could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of
our development and strategic objectives, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
cash flows. 

14 

If
we are unable to increase sales of our solutions to new customers, our future results of operations may be harmed. 

An
important part of our growth strategy involves continued investment in direct marketing efforts, distributor relationships, our sales
force, and infrastructure to add new customers. The number and rate at which new customers may purchase our products and services depends
on a number of factors, including those outside of our control, such as customers perceived need for our solutions, competition,
general economic conditions, market transitions, product obsolescence, technological change, shifts in buying patterns, the timing and
duration of hardware refresh cycles, financial difficulties and budget constraints of our current and potential customers, public awareness
of security threats to IT systems, and other factors. These new customers, if any, may renew their contracts with us and purchase additional
solutions at lower rates than we have experienced in the past, which could affect our financial results. 

Our
ability to maintain customer satisfaction depends in part on the quality of our technical support services, and increased demands on
those services may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and negatively impact our financial results. 

We
offer technical support services with many of our solutions. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases
in customer demand for support services. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support services to compete with changes in
support services provided by competitors or to successfully integrate support for our customers. Further customer demand for these services,
without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and adversely affect our results of operations. 

If
we fail to provide at an acceptable level of customer service, relationships with our customers could be materially harmed. 

We
rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture and produce hardware used as part of our products, which subjects us to supply risks. 

We
rely on third parties to manufacture the hardware-portion of our Blockchain Archive Server. This reliance on third parties involves a
number of risks that could have a negative impact on our business and financial results. Our reliance on these third-party
manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing process and exposes us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance,
product costs, product supply, timing, and transportation risk. If we lose, terminate, or fail to effectively manage our manufacturing
partner relationships, or if any of our manufacturing partners experience production interruptions or shut-downs, including those caused
by a natural disaster, epidemic, pandemic (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), capacity shortage, or quality-control problem, it
would negatively affect sales of our product lines manufactured by that manufacturing partner and adversely affect our business and results
of operations. 

Our
failure to adequately maintain and protect personal information of our customers or our employees in compliance with evolving legal requirements
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
collect, use, store, disclose, or transfer (collectively, process personal information, including from employees and customers,
in connection with the operation of our business. A wide variety of local and international laws and regulations apply to the processing
of personal information. Data protection and privacy laws and regulations are evolving and being tested in courts and may result in increasing
regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. 

A
variety of data protection legislation apply in the U.S. at both the federal and state level, including new laws that may impact our
operations. For example, in 2018, the State of California enacted the CCPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, with enforcement
by the state attorney general beginning July 1, 2020. The CCPA defines personal information in a broad manner and
generally requires companies that process personal information of California residents to make new disclosures about their data collection,
use, and sharing practices, allows consumers to opt-out of certain data sharing with third parties or sale of personal information,
and provides a new cause of action for data breaches. Moreover, a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA was approved by California voters in November 2020, significantly modifying the CCPA, and potentially resulting in further uncertainty
and requiring us to incur additional expenditures to comply. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission, and many state attorneys general
are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security
of data. The burdens imposed by the CCPA and other similar laws that have been or may be enacted at the federal and state level may require
us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial expenditures in order to comply. 

15 

Our
actual or alleged failure to comply with any applicable laws and regulations or privacy-related contractual obligations, or to protect
such data that we process, could result in litigation, regulatory investigations, and enforcement actions against us, including fines,
orders, public censure, claims for damages by employees, customers, and other affected individuals, public statements against us by consumer
advocacy groups, damage to our reputation and competitive position, and loss of goodwill (both in relation to existing customers and
prospective customers), any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. Evolving and changing definitions of personal information, personal data, and similar concepts within the U.S., Canada,
and elsewhere, especially relating to classification of IP addresses, device identifiers, location data, household data, and other information
we may collect, may limit or inhibit our ability to operate or expand our business, including limiting strategic partnerships that may
involve the sharing of data. Additionally, if third parties that we work with, such as vendors or developers, violate applicable laws
or our policies, such violations may also place personal information at risk and have an adverse effect on our business. Even the perception
of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and investigations, and inhibit
adoption of our products by existing and potential customers. 

Our
products are currently being used by medical facilities, which subjects us to increased compliance obligations with certain regulations. 

The
Blockchain Archive Server has been sold to medical facilities. For medical facilities, our Blockchain Archive Server must be compliant
with HIPPA and its implementing regulations, establish privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of Protected
Health Information PHI and require the implementation of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to ensure
the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of individually identifiable health information in electronic form. The Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH which became effective on February 17, 2010, and an implementing
regulation known as the Omnibus Final Rule, which became effective on September 23, 2013, significantly expanded HIPAA s privacy
and security requirements. Among other things, HITECH and the Omnibus Final Rule make HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly
applicable to business associates, which are independent contractors or agents of covered entities that create, receive,
maintain, or transmit PHI in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity. Under HIPAA and our contractual
agreements with our customers, we are considered a business associate to our customers and thus are directly subject to
HIPAA s privacy and security standards. If we do not comply with these standards and regulations, we could be subject to liabilities,
penalties, and fines. 

Since
inception, we have experienced losses, and may have to further reduce our costs by curtailing future operations to continue as a business. 

Since
our inception on May 8, 2020, we have had operating losses and our cash flow has been inadequate to support our ongoing operations. Our
ability to fund our capital requirements out of our available cash and cash generated from our operations depends on a number of factors,
including our ability to gain interest in our products and services and continue growing our existing operations and our ability to raise
funds as needed. If we cannot continue to generate positive cash flow from operations, we will have to reduce our costs and try to raise
working capital from other sources. These measures could materially and adversely affect our ability to execute our operations and expand
our business. 

Our
auditors have indicated that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets,
and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we
had a net loss of 16,768,111 for the year ended December 31, 2022. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. While we are attempting to commence operations and generate revenues, our cash position may not be significant
enough to support our daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. Management
believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for
us to continue as a going concern. While we believe in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in its ability to raise
additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability
to further implement our business plan and generate revenues. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. For further discussion about our ability to continue as a going concern
and our plan for future liquidity, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
Further, as of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 2,301,249 and an accumulated deficit of 24,781,735.
Our ability to continue as a going concern ultimately is dependent on the management s ability to obtain equity or debt financing,
attain further operating efficiencies, and achieve profitable operations. 

16 

The
Company may suffer from lack of availability of additional funds. 

We
expect to have ongoing needs for working capital in order to fund operations and to continue to expand our operations. To that end, we
will be required to raise additional funds through equity or debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful
in securing additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. If we are successful, whether the terms are favorable or unfavorable, there
is a potential that we will fail to comply with the terms of such financing, which could result in severe liability for our Company.
If we are unsuccessful, we may need to (a) initiate cost reductions; (b) forego business development opportunities; (c) seek extensions
of time to fund liabilities, or (d) seek protection from creditors. In addition, any future sale of our equity securities would dilute
the ownership and control of your shares and could be at prices substantially below prices at which our shares currently trade. Our inability
to raise capital could require us to significantly curtail or terminate our operations altogether. We may seek to increase our cash reserves
through the sale of additional equity or debt securities. The sale of convertible debt securities or additional equity securities could
result in additional and potentially substantial dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased
debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations and liquidity. In addition,
our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties. 

In
addition, if we are unable to generate adequate cash from operations, and if we are unable to find sources of funding, it may be necessary
for us to sell all or a portion of our assets, enter into a business combination, or reduce or eliminate operations. These possibilities,
to the extent available, may be on terms that result in significant dilution to our shareholders or that result in our shareholders losing
all of their investment in our Company. 

The
ability of our Chief Executive Officer, Donald Beavers, to control our business may limit or eliminate minority shareholders ability
to influence corporate affairs. 

Mr.
Beavers, our Chief Executive Officer and our largest stockholder, holds 15.5 of the voting power of our company. Because of this voting
control, he is in a position to influence membership of our board of directors, as well as all other matters requiring stockholder approval.
The interests of our Chief Executive Officer may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares,
business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of other officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority
shareholders have no way of overriding decisions made by our Chief Executive Officer. 

We
rely on technology, such as our information systems, to conduct our business. Failure to protect our technology against breakdowns and
security breaches could adversely affect our business. 

We
rely on technology, such as our information systems and servers, to conduct our business. This technology is vulnerable to service interruptions
and security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, partners and vendors, or from attacks by malicious third
parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives
and expertise, including organized criminal groups, hacktivists, nation states and others. The techniques used to breach
security safeguards evolve rapidly, and they may be difficult to detect for an extended period of time, and the measures we take to safeguard
our technology may not adequately prevent such incidents. 

While
we have taken steps to protect our confidential and personal information and invested in information technology, there can be no assurance
that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches in our systems or the unauthorized or inadvertent wrongful use
or disclosure of confidential information. Such incidents could adversely affect our business operations, reputation and client relationships.
Any such breach would require us to expend significant resources to mitigate the breach of security and to address matters related to
any such breach, including the payment of fines. Although we maintain an insurance policy that covers data security, privacy liability
and cyber-attacks, our insurance may not be adequate to cover losses arising from breaches or attacks on our systems. We also may be
required to notify regulators about any actual or perceived personal data breach as well as the individuals who are affected by the incident
within strict time periods. 

17 

The
commercial success of our products is dependent, in part, on factors outside our control . 

The
commercial success of our products is dependent upon unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control, such as the success of our
competitors products. Our failure to attract market acceptance and a sustainable competitive advantage over our competitors would
materially harm our business. 

We
may be unable to scale our operations successfully. 

Our
growth strategy will place significant demands on our management and financial, administrative and other resources. Operating results
will depend substantially on the ability of our officers and key employees to manage changing business conditions and to implement and
improve our financial, administrative and other resources. If the Company is unable to respond to and manage changing business conditions,
or the scale of its operations, then the quality of its services, its ability to retain key personnel, and its business could be harmed. 

The COVID-19 pandemic
has affected how we are operating our business, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations
and overall financial performance remains uncertain. 

The COVID-19 pandemic
is having widespread, rapidly evolving, and unpredictable impacts on global society, economies, financial markets, and business practices.
Federal, state and foreign governments have implemented measures to contain the virus, including social distancing, travel restrictions,
border closures, limitations on public gatherings, work from home, and closure of non-essential businesses. To protect the
health and well-being of our employees, partners, and third-party service providers, we have implemented work-from-home requirements,
made substantial modifications to employee travel policies, and cancelled or shifted marketing and other corporate events to virtual-only
formats for the foreseeable future. While we continue to monitor the situation and may adjust our current policies as more information
and public health guidance become available, such precautionary measures could negatively affect our customer success efforts, sales
and marketing efforts, delay and lengthen our sales cycles, or create operational or other challenges, any of which could harm our business
and results of operations. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted the operations of our current enterprise customers,
as well as many potential enterprise customers, and may continue to disrupt their operations, for an indefinite period of time, including
as a result of travel restrictions and/or business shutdowns, uncertainty in the financial markets, or other harm to their businesses
and financial results, resulting in delayed purchasing decisions, extended payment terms, and postponed or cancelled projects, all of
which could negatively impact our business and results of operations, including our revenue and cash flows. 

Beginning
in March 2020, the U.S. and global economies have reacted negatively in response to worldwide concerns due to the economic impacts of
the COVID-19 pandemic. These factors also may adversely impact enterprise and government spending on technology as well as
such customers ability to pay for our products and services on an ongoing basis. For example, some businesses in industries particularly
impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, such as travel, hospitality, retail, and oil and gas, have significantly cut or eliminated
capital expenditures. A prolonged economic downturn could adversely affect technology spending, demand for our offerings, which could
have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any resulting instability in the financial markets
could also adversely affect the value of our Common Stock, our ability to refinance our indebtedness, and our access to capital. 

The
ultimate duration and extent of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately
forecasted at this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of the disease, the actions of governments, businesses and individuals
in response to the pandemic, the extent and effectiveness of containment actions, the impact on economic activity and the impact of these
and other factors on our employees, partners, and third-party service providers. These uncertainties may increase variability in our
future results of operations and adversely impact our ability to accurately forecast changes in our business performance and financial
condition in future periods. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively or if global economic
conditions do not improve, or deteriorate further, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be
adversely affected. 

18 

Economic
conditions or changing consumer preferences could adversely impact our business. 

A
downturn in economic conditions in one or more of the Company s markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition, business and prospects. Although we attempt to stay informed of government and customer trends, any
sustained failure to identify and respond to trends could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition,
business and prospects. 

The
requirements of remaining a public company may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage
our business. 

We
are required to comply with various regulatory and reporting requirements, including those required by the SEC. Complying with these
reporting and other regulatory requirements are time-consuming and expensive and could have a negative effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable, and if we are unable to protect them or are subject to intellectual property rights claims,
our business may be harmed. 

The
Blockchain Archive Server technology and name are important products to our business. We do not hold any patents or trademarks protecting
our intellectual property. While we have filed both a patent and a trademark application for the Blockchain Archive Server, there is
no guarantee that these applications will result in the requested trademark and patent being issued to us. Without such protections,
our technology is more vulnerable to being copied and used by competitors. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our
intellectual property rights as well as to our business. Regardless of the merits of the claims, any intellectual property claims could
be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle. In addition, if any claims against us are successful, we may have to pay substantial
monetary damages or discontinue any of our practices that are found to be in violation of another party s rights. We also may have
to seek a license to continue such practices, which may significantly increase our operating expenses or may not be available to us at
all. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment
of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. 

We
are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act ), and if we fail to continue to comply, our business could be harmed, and the price of our securities could decline. 

Rules
adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require an annual assessment of internal control over financial
reporting, and for certain issuers an attestation of this assessment by the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm.
The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are evolving and complex,
and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We expect to incur significant
expenses and to devote resources to Section 404 compliance on an ongoing basis. It is difficult for us to predict how long it will take
or costly it will be to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each year and
to remediate any deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we may not be able to complete the assessment
and remediation process on a timely basis. In the event that our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer determines that our
internal control over financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict how regulators will react
or how the market prices of our securities will be affected; however, we believe that there is a risk that investor confidence and the
market value of our securities may be negatively affected. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
common stock currently trades on the OTCQB tier of OTC Markets. 

Our
common stock currently trades on the OTCQB tier of OTC Market Group LLC s Marketplace under the symbol SOLS. The
OTC Market is a network of security dealers who buy and sell stock. The dealers are connected by a computer network that provides information
on current bids and asks, as well as volume information. The trading of securities on OTC Markets is often
sporadic and investors may have difficulty buying and selling our shares or obtaining market quotations for them, which may have a negative
effect on the market price of our common stock. 

19 

Our
common stock is subject to risks arising from restrictions on reliance on Rule 144 by shell companies or former shell companies. 

Under
a regulation of the SEC known as Rule 144, a person who beneficially owns restricted securities of an issuer and who is not an affiliate
of that issuer may sell them without registration under the Securities Act provided that certain conditions have been met. One of these
conditions is that such person has held the restricted securities for a prescribed period, which will be six months for the common stock.
However, Rule 144 is unavailable for the resale of securities issued by an issuer that is a shell company (other than a business combination
related shell company) or, unless certain conditions are met, that has been at any time previously a shell company. 

The
SEC defines a shell company as a company that has (a) no or nominal operations and (b) either (i) no or nominal assets, (ii) assets consisting
solely of cash and cash equivalents; or (iii) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. 

As
a result of the Share Exchange, we ceased being a shell company as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. While we
believe that as a result of the Share Exchange, we ceased to be a shell company, the SEC and others whose approval is required in order
for shares to be sold under Rule 144 might take a different view. 

Rule
144 is available for the resale of securities of former shell companies if and for as long as the following conditions are met: 

(i) 
 the issuer of the securities
 that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

(ii) 
 the issuer of the securities
 is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

(iii) 
 the issuer of the securities
 has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter
 period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

(iv) 
 at least one year has elapsed
 from the time that the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not
 a shell company known as Form 10 Information. 
 
 Although
we previously filed Form 10 Information with the SEC, shareholders who receive our restricted securities will not be able to sell them
pursuant to Rule 144 without registration until we have met the other conditions to this exception and then for only as long as we continue
to meet the condition described in subparagraph (iii), above, and we are not a shell company. No assurance can be given that we will
meet these conditions or that, if we have met them, we will continue to do so, or that we will not again be a shell company. 

Our
common stock constitutes restricted securities and is subject to limited transferability. 

All
of our common stock should be considered a long-term, illiquid investment. In addition, our common stock is not registered under any
state securities laws that would permit its transfer. Because of these restrictions and the absence of an active trading market for our
securities, a shareholder will likely be unable to liquidate an investment even though other personal financial circumstances would dictate
such liquidation. 

Our
common stock price may decrease due to factors beyond our control. 

The
stock market from time to time has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, which have particularly affected the market prices
for early-stage companies and which often have been unrelated to the operating performance of the companies. These broad market fluctuations
may adversely affect the market price of our stock, if a trading market for our stock ever develops. If our shareholders sell substantial
amounts of their stock in the public market, the price of our stock could fall. These sales also might make it more difficult for us
to sell equity, or equity-related securities, in the future at a price we deem appropriate. 

20 

The
market price of our stock may also fluctuate significantly in response to the following factors, most of which are beyond our control: 

variations in our quarterly
 operating results; 

changes in general economic
 conditions; 

changes in market valuations
 of similar companies; 

announcements by us or
 our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures, or capital commitments; 

poor reviews; 

loss of a major customer,
 partner or joint venture participant; and 

the addition or loss of
 key managerial and collaborative personnel. 
 
 Any
such fluctuations may adversely affect the market price or value of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.
As a result, shareholders may be unable to sell their shares, or may be forced to sell them at a loss. 

Our
common stock has been in the past, and may be in the future, subject to the application of the penny stock rules, which
could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and increase transaction costs to sell those shares. 

The
SEC has adopted rule 3a51-1 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any
equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 requires: 

that a broker or dealer
 approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and 

the broker or dealer receive
 from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 
 
 In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain financial information
 and investment experience objectives of the person, and 

make a reasonable determination
 that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial
 matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 
 
 The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

sets forth the basis on
 which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination and 

that the broker or dealer
 received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 
 
 Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. If our common stock
falls below 5.00, it may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value
of our stock. 

21 

The
market price for our common stock is particularly volatile which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable
to sell your common stock at or above your purchase price, or at all, which may result in substantial losses to you. 

The
market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our
share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. As a consequence of this enhanced risk,
more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress,
be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a
seasoned issuer. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common shares, regardless of our
operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will
be at any time, or if our common stock will ever be able to trade, or as to what effect the sale of shares or the availability of common
stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price. 

The
sale and issuance of additional shares of our common stock could cause dilution as well as the value of our common stock to decline. 

Investors 
interests in us will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share when we issue additional shares.
We are authorized to issue 300,000,000 shares of common stock. We anticipate that all or at least some of our future funding, if any,
will be in the form of equity financing from the sale of our common stock. If we do sell or issue more common stock, any investors 
investment in the Company will be diluted. Dilution is the difference between what you pay for your stock and the net tangible book value
per share immediately after the additional shares are sold by us. If dilution occurs, any investment in our common stock could seriously
decline in value. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a shareholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted Rule 2111 that requires a broker-dealer to have reasonable
grounds for believing that an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending the investment. Prior to recommending speculative
low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the
customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA
believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The
FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit
your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We
anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes.
Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board. 

If
we are unable to comply with the financial reporting requirements mandated by the SEC s regulations, investors may lose confidence
in our financial reporting and the price of our common stock, if a market ever does develop for it, could decline. 

If
we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely, accurate and reliable periodic
financial statements could be impaired. If we do not maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose
confidence in the accuracy of our periodic reports filed under the Exchange Act. Additionally, our ability to obtain additional financing
could be impaired or a lack of investor confidence in the reliability and accuracy of our public reporting could cause our stock price
to decline. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

22 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Effective
January 3, 2022, our principal executive office with approximately 35,000 square feet of office space became located at 1470 Treeland
Blvd SE, Palm Bay, FL 32909. The Company owned this property until December 30, 2022. 

On
November 3, 2022, we entered into a Commercial Contract (the Sale Agreement ), by and between the Company and EML Realty
Partners, LLC EML ), pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and EML agreed to purchase, upon the terms and conditions set
forth in the Sale Agreement, our headquarters property at 1470 Treeland Boulevard SE, Palm Bay, Florida (the Property ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Sale Agreement, EML agreed to pay to the Company 3,850,000 in exchange for the Property. The Sale Agreement
was subject to a 30-day due diligence period and contained customary representations, warranties, and conditions. The Company recorded
a profit of 988,155 from the sale of the building. 

The
sale of the Property closed on December 30, 2022. 

In
connection with the sale of the Property, the parties also agreed to enter into a five-year office lease Lease after
closing, pursuant to which EML agreed to lease to the Company the office building on the Property. In exchange, the Company agreed to
pay to EML base rent as follows: 

Months 
 Annual Base Rent 
 Monthly Base Rent 
 
 1-12 
 308,000.00 
 25,666.67 
 
 13-24 
 317,240.00 
 26,436.67 
 
 25-36 
 326,757.20 
 27,229.77 
 
 37-48 
 336,559.92 
 28,046.66 
 
 49-60 
 346,656.72 
 28,888.06 

The
Company and EML entered into the Lease on December 30, 2022. In connection with entry into the Lease, and pursuant to the terms thereof,
the Company delivered to EML a personal guaranty by Donald Beavers, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Company s
Board of Directors. 

Prior
to January 3, 2022, we maintained our principal offices at 2475 Palm Bay Road NE, Palm Bay, Florida 32905 where we leased four separate
suites. These leases all have an expiration date of February 28, 2026: 

Suite #120, which is approximately
 3,100 square feet of office space, and a lease term that expires on February 28, 2026; 

Suite #7, which is approximately
 1,885 square feet of office space, and has a lease term that expires on February 28, 2026; 

Suite #2, which is approximately
 2,007 square feet of office space, and has a lease term that expires on February 28, 2026; and 

Suite #110, which is approximately
 2,808 square feet, and has a lease term that expires on February 28, 2026. 
 
 Terms
of the four office leases provide for an aggregate base rent payment of 12,756 per month and are subject to annual 3 escalation
charges. Two of these suites are currently vacant. We have sublet two of these suites for 3,642 for a one year period commencing on
January 1, 2022 and are actively seeking to sublet the other two suites. 

23 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

As of the date of Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Celerit Note for 605,000 remains unpaid and in default. Celerit has initiated a collection action on this Note. 

None of our officers, directors, affiliates or
5 stockholders (or any associates thereof) is a party adverse to us, or has a material interest adverse to us, in any material proceeding. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

24 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets Group under the symbol, SOLS. The OTC Market is a computer
network that provides information on current bids and asks, as well as volume information. 

The
following table sets forth the range of high and low closing bid quotations for our common stock for each of the periods indicated as
reported by the OTC Markets. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not
necessarily represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 2023 

First Quarter (January 1 March 31) (1) 
 0.20 
 0.02 

2022 

First Quarter (January 1 March 31) 
 8.00 
 2.49 
 
 Second Quarter (April 1 June 30) 
 4.99 
 1.11 
 
 Third Quarter (July 1 September 30) 
 1.61 
 0.06 
 
 Fourth Quarter (October 1 December 31) 
 0.30 
 0.06 

2021 

First Quarter (January 1 March 31) 
 8.90 
 3.00 
 
 Second Quarter (April 1 June 30) 
 9.00 
 3.24 
 
 Third Quarter (July 1 September 30) 
 9.00 
 4.00 
 
 Fourth Quarter (October 1 December 31) 
 10.50 
 6.14 

(1) Reflects
transactions through March 31, 2023. 

Holders 

On
April 10, 2023, the closing bid price of our common stock as reported on the OTCQB was 0.022 and there were approximately 220 shareholders
of record. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of banks,
brokers, nominees or other fiduciaries. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared any dividends since inception and we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future on our common
stock. The payment of dividends is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our earnings, capital requirements,
financial condition, and other relevant factors. There are no restrictions that currently limit our ability to pay dividends on our common
stock other than those generally imposed by applicable state law. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

25 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded the following sales of unregistered securities: 

292,083
 shares of common stock were sold in private placements for proceeds of 530,000 

Issued
4,000,000 shares pursuant to the acquisition of Celerit and Celerit Solutions. These shares were valued at 3.20 per share. These
shares were returned and retired due to the recission of the Celerit transaction on August 22, 2022. The shares were returned
at a fair value of 0.20 per share 

5,125,000
 shares of common stock were issued as a financing fee in connection with the funding of a
 600,000 promissory note from AJB Capital. These shares were valued at 461,250. 

380,008
 shares of common stock were issued as stock- based compensation valued at 542,163 

The
above issuances and sales were made pursuant to an exemption from registration as set forth in Rule 506 of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Sollensys Corp (the Company or
 Sollensys should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations to us, we, our, and similar terms refer to the Company. This Annual
Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements, as that term is defined in the federal securities laws, based upon current expectations
that involve risks and uncertainties, such as plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events
could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. Words such as
 anticipate, estimate, plan, continuing, ongoing, expect, 
 believe, intend, may, will, should, could, and similar
expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance
or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence
the accuracy of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. Reference is made to Risk Factors, 
which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

Business
Overview 

Our
primary product is the Blockchain Archive Server a turn-key, off-the-shelf, blockchain solution that works with virtually any hardware
and software combinations currently used in commerce, without the need to replace or eliminate any part of the client s data security
that is being utilized. The Blockchain Archive Server encrypts, fragments, and distributes data across thousands of secure nodes every
day, which makes it virtually impossible for hackers to compromise. Using blockchain technology, the Blockchain Archive Server maintains
a redundant, secure, and immutable backup of data. Redundant backups and the blockchain work together to assure not only the physical
security of the database but also the integrity of the information held within. 

Blockchain
Archive Server protects client data from ransomware malicious software that infects your computer and displays messages
demanding a fee to be paid in order for your system to work again. Blockchain technology is a leading-edge tool for data security, providing
an added layer of security against data loss due to all types of software specifically designed to disrupt, damage, or gain unauthorized
access to a computer system (i.e., malware). 

26 

Uniquely,
the Blockchain Archive Server is a turn-key solution that can stand alone or seamlessly integrate into an existing data infrastructure
to quickly recover from a cyber-attack. The Blockchain Archive Server is a server that comes pre-loaded with the blockchain-powered cybersecurity
software, which can be delivered, installed, and integrated into a client s computer systems with ease. 

In
December 2020, we made our second product offering the Regional Service Center available on a limited test market basis.
The Regional Service Center was added to our standard product line effective January 1, 2021. A Regional Service Center is a single unit
system of 32 Blockchain Archive Servers capable of servicing up to 2,580 individual small accounts, and is marketed to existing IT service
providers with established accounts. The Regional Service Center offers small businesses the same state of the art technology previously
available only to large or very well-funded companies. Sollensys believes that smaller companies, and even certain individuals, will
find the Regional Service Center affordable, paying only for the actual space they use. 

Recent
Developments 

Rescission
Agreement 

As
previously disclosed, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement dated as of April 7, 2022 (the Merger Agreement ),
by and among S-CC Merger Sub, Inc. S-CC Merger Sub ), a previously a wholly owned subsidiary of Sollensys Corp Sollensys 
Ssolutions Merger Sub, Inc., a previously a wholly owned subsidiary of Sollensys S-Solutions Merger Sub SCARE Holdings,
LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sollensys SCARE (iii) Celerit Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sollensys Celerit (iv) Celerit Solutions Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sollensys Celerit Solutions 
(v) Terry Rothwell; and (vi) CRE Holdings, LLC CRE ), the parties to the Merger Agreement undertook certain transactions,
including the merger of Celerit with and into S-CC Merger Sub, with Celerit surviving, and the merger of Celerit Solutions with and into
S-Solutions Merger Sub, with Celerit Solutions surviving, in which transactions Ms. Rothwell received certain consideration as set forth
in the Merger Agreement, and in connection with which the parties entered into certain other agreements and certain other transactions.
Subsequent to entry into the Merger Agreement, the parties determined that they would unwind the transactions as set forth in the Merger
Agreement and in the other agreements entered into in connection therewith. 

Accordingly,
on August 22, 2022, the Company entered into the Rescission, Termination and Release Agreement (the Rescission Agreement by and among (i) the Company, (ii) SCARE; (iii) Celerit; (iv) Celerit Solutions; (v) Ms. Rothwell; (vi) Ron Harmon; and (vii) CRE. Pursuant
to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, the parties agreed to unwind the transactions as set forth in the Merger Agreement and in the
other agreements entered into in connection therewith, so as to place each of the parties to the Merger Agreement in the position that
they were as of immediately prior to the closing of the transactions as set forth in and as contemplated by the Merger Agreement and
the related agreements. As a result, on August 26, 2022, the following agreements were terminated, except as set forth in the Rescission
Agreement: (i) the Rothwell Employment Agreement, (ii) the Harmon Employment Agreement, (iii) the Blockchain Archive Server Agreement,
(iv) the Rothwell Note, (v) the Banking Agreement, and (vi) the Real Estate Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, among other things, the parties agreed as follows: 

(viii) Sollensys
agreed to transfer to Ms. Rothwell one share of Celerit common stock; 

(ix) Sollensys
agreed to transfer to Ms. Rothwell one share of Celerit Solutions common stock; 

(x) Ms.
Rothwell agreed to transfer to Sollensys 4,000,000 shares of Sollensys common stock; 

(xi) Ms.
Rothwell agreed to resign from any and all positions with Sollensys, including as a member of Sollensys board of directors; 

(xii) Donald
Beavers agreed to resign as a director and officer of Celerit and Celerit Solutions; 

27 

(xiii) Anthony
Nolte agreed to resign as a director and officer of Celerit and Celerit Solutions; and 

(xiv) 
 Sollensys agreed, in connection with its withdrawal
 from Celerit of an aggregate of 605,000 following the closing of the Merger Agreement, to issue to Celerit a promissory note in the
 principal amount of 605,000, accruing interest at the rate of 7 per annum and due on September 30, 2022 (the Celerit
 Note ). As of the date of this Report, this Note remains unpaid and in default. Celerit has initiated a collection action on
 this Note. 

In
addition, pursuant to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, the parties agreed to terminate: 

(vii) The
Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and between Sollensys and Ms. Rothwell (the Rothwell Employment
Agreement ), except as set forth in the Rescission Agreement; 

(viii) The
Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and between Sollensys and Mr. Harmon (the Harmon Employment
Agreement ), except as set forth in the Rescission Agreement; 

(ix) The
Rothwell Sollensys Blockchain Archive Server Distributive Data Center Agreement (2 Units), dated as of April 7, 2022, by and among
Sollensys, Ms. Rothwell and George Benjamin Rothwell (the Blockchain Archive Server Agreement 

(x) The
Promissory Note issued by Sollensys to Ms. Rothwell on April 7, 2022 (the Rothwell Note 

(xi) The
Banking and Credit Union Services Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and between Sollensys and Celerit (the Banking
Agreement 

(xii) The
Real Estate Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2022, by and among Sollensys, SCARE, CRE, Ms. Rothwell and Mr. Rothwell
(the Real Estate Purchase Agreement ). 

Promissory
Note 

On August 22, 2022, Sollensys
issued a Promissory Note, in the principal amount of 605,000, to Celerit. The Celerit Note bears simple interest at a rate of 7 per
annum to the maturity date, September 30, 2022, or such earlier date as the Celerit Note may be paid pursuant to the terms of the
Celerit Note. There is no penalty or premium for prepayment. In the Event of Default (as defined in the Celerit Note), Celerit may, at
its option, declare the entire indebtedness under the Celerit Note immediately due and payable. As of the date of this Report, this Note
remains unpaid and in default. Celerit has initiated a collection action on this Note. 

Board
Resignations 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, effective August 22, 2022, Ms. Rothwell resigned as a member of Sollensys board of directors.
Effective August 23, 2022, Anthony Nolte resigned as a member of Sollensys board of directors. Ms. Rothwell s and Mr. Nolte s
resignations are not because of a disagreement with Sollensys on any matter relating to Sollensys operations, policies or practices. 

Abstract
Media 

We
acquired Abstract Media, LLC Abstract Media in December 2021. Abstract Media was formed in October 2011 with the goal
of improving user engagement using visualization tools, and has evolved into an interactive media and software development company to
optimize effective corporate learning, operational workflow and communication using technology in the augmented reality or virtual reality
space. Abstract Media conducts its operations from its office location in Houston, Texas. 

28 

On
November 4, 2022, the Company sold 100 of its membership interest in Abstract Media, LLC to Tech Edge Services for 1,000. Additional
terms are as follows: 

(a) The
Parties acknowledge and agree that Abstract Media is currently the lessee pursuant to a lease for the premises located at 33136 Magnolia
Circle, Suite F, Magnolia, Texas 77354 (the Lease ). Following the Closing, the Seller shall continue to pay the rent payable
pursuant to the Lease for the months of November 2022 and December 2022. Buyer shall thereafter be responsible for rent payments in the
Lease commencing on January 1, 2023. 

(b) The
Company shall pay, and shall be responsible for, all outstanding liabilities of Abstract Media related to any and all contracts of Abstract
Media as of the Closing Date. 

(c) Following
the Closing and for a period of 24 months thereafter (the Earn-Out Period ), Buyer shall pay to the Company an amount equal
to 5 of the gross proceeds received by the Company with respect to contracts and agreements in place with Abstract Media as of the Closing
Date. Such payments shall be made within 7 days of each calendar month during the Earn-Out Period. 

As
a result of the sale, Abstract Media became a discontinued operation and the Company recorded a loss from discontinued operations amounting
to 606,383 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Sale
of Headquarters Property 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Commercial Contract (the Sale Agreement ), by and between the Company and EML
Realty Partners, LLC EML ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and EML agreed to purchase, upon the terms and
conditions set forth in the Sale Agreement, the Company s headquarters property at 1470 Treeland Boulevard SE, Palm Bay, Florida
(the Property ). Pursuant to the terms of the Sale Agreement, EML agreed to pay to the Company 3,850,000 in exchange for
the Property. The Sale Agreement was subject to a 30-day due diligence period and contained customary representations, warranties, and
conditions. 

The
sale of the Property closed on December 30, 2022. 

In
connection with the sale of the Property, the parties also agreed to enter into a five-year office lease Lease after
closing, pursuant to which EML agreed to lease to the Company the office building on the Property. In exchange, the Company agreed to
pay to EML base rent as follows: 

Months 
 
 Annual Base Rent 
 Monthly Base Rent 
 
 1-12 
 
 308,000.00 
 25,666.67 
 
 13-24 
 
 317,240.00 
 26,436.67 
 
 25-36 
 
 326,757.20 
 27,229.77 
 
 37-48 
 
 336,559.92 
 28,046.66 
 
 49-60 
 
 346,656.72 
 28,888.06 

The
Company and EML entered into the Lease on December 30, 2022. In connection with entry into the Lease, and pursuant to the terms thereof,
the Company delivered to EML a personal guaranty by Donald Beavers, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Company s
Board of Directors. 

29 

Results
of Operations for the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 

See
 Overview Recent Developments regarding the unwinding of all of the Celerit transactions and the sale of Abstract
Media. The results from discontinued operations are excluded from management s discussion of operation below, and from the Liquidity
analysis. 

Revenue 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded
 344,467 in revenue compared to 181,071 in revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is attributable to the execution
of our blockchain archive server agreements. We are in the process of developing our strategic business plan going forward and, therefore,
revenue may vary from period to period. 

Cost of sales 

Cost of sales was 857,911 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to cost of sales of 339,430 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The significant increase in cost of sales
is attributable to higher sales, and the buildout of our infrastructure in in anticipation of higher sales levels in 2022. 

Operating
expenses 

Operating expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 were 4,150,541 compared to 4,233,858 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in operating expenses in the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021 is due to the buildout of the infrastructure at the Company in 2021 to support
higher levels of activity and revenue generation in 2022 that didn t materialize. Prospectively the Company is attempting to continue
to reduce its level of operating expenses because its anticipated revenue ramp-up has not occurred. There can be no assurance that the
Company can reduce expenses and that the levels of revenue will increase in the future. 

Key components of the Company s operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 include approximately 1,287,000 in legal and professional fees, approximately 2,677,000
in payroll and benefits (which includes 610,000 in non cash, stock -based compensation), and approximately 194,000 in rent expense. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
had 799,496 in cash and cash equivalents on hand as of December 31, 2022. 

The
analysis below of the Company s liquidity excludes any discussion of the impact on cash flows from discontinued operations. 

Net cash used in operating activities for continuing
operations was 3,592,516 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3,710,457 in cash used for continuing operations for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The slight decrease in cash used in operating activities during the period ended December 31, 2022 was
primarily due to a decrease in the operating loss in the December 31, 2022 year compared to the same period ended December 31, 2021. 

Net cash provided by investing activities from
continuing operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3,615,804 compared to 413,533 cash used in investing activities from
continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash provided by investing activities during the period ended
December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the net proceeds of 3,626,330 from the sale of the Company s headquarters in 2022, and a
decrease of 403,007 in capital expenditure during the 2022 period compared to 2021. 

30 

Net cash provided by investing
activities from continuing operations was 698,532 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4,602,399 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease in cash provided by investing activities during the 2022 period compared to 2021 was primarily due to proceeds
from notes payable and related party loans of 2,773,175 in the 2022 period compared to -0- in the 2021 period, payments on notes payable
of 2,504,934 in the 2022 period compared to -0- in 2021 period; offset by 4,603,399 in proceeds from the sale of common stock in the
2021 period compared to 530,001 in the 2022 period . 

Since we have been incurring losses from operations,
we have relied on ongoing sales of unregistered securities, short term promissory notes from third parties and related parties, the personal
guarantees of Mr. Beavers, our Chief Executive Officer. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to raise capital from the sale of our securities, or use our securities to make
acquisitions. Additionally, there can be no assurances that Mr. Beavers will continue to provide his personal guaranty on financing transactions
to help raise capital. 

Financial
Impact of COVID-19 

The COVID-19 pandemic
has affected how we are operating our business, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations
and overall financial performance remains uncertain. The COVID-19 pandemic is having widespread, rapidly evolving, and unpredictable
impacts on global society, economies, financial markets, and business practices. Federal, state and foreign governments have implemented
measures to contain the virus, including social distancing, travel restrictions, border closures, limitations on public gatherings, work
from home, and closure of non-essential businesses. To protect the health and well-being of our employees, partners, and third-party
service providers, we have implemented work-from-home requirements, made substantial modifications to employee travel policies, and cancelled
or shifted marketing and other corporate events to virtual-only formats for the foreseeable future. While we continue to monitor the
situation and may adjust our current policies as more information and public health guidance become available, such precautionary measures
could negatively affect our customer success efforts, sales and marketing efforts, delay and lengthen our sales cycles, or create operational
or other challenges, any of which could harm our business and results of operations. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has
disrupted the operations of our current enterprise customers, as well as many potential enterprise customers, and may continue to disrupt
their operations, for an indefinite period of time, including as a result of travel restrictions and/or business shutdowns, uncertainty
in the financial markets, or other harm to their businesses and financial results, resulting in delayed purchasing decisions, extended
payment terms, and postponed or cancelled projects, all of which could negatively impact our business and results of operations, including
our revenue and cash flows. 

Beginning
in March 2020, the U.S. and global economies have reacted negatively in response to worldwide concerns due to the economic impacts of
the COVID-19 pandemic. These factors also may adversely impact enterprise and government spending on technology as well as
such customers ability to pay for our products and services on an ongoing basis. For example, some businesses in industries particularly
impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, such as travel, hospitality, retail, and oil and gas, have significantly cut or eliminated
capital expenditures. A prolonged economic downturn could adversely affect technology spending, demand for our offerings, which could
have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any resulting instability in the financial markets
could also adversely affect the value of our common stock, our ability to refinance our indebtedness, and our access to capital. 

The
ultimate duration and extent of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately
forecasted at this time, such as the severity and transmission rate of the disease, the actions of governments, businesses and individuals
in response to the pandemic, the extent and effectiveness of containment actions, the impact on economic activity and the impact of these
and other factors on our employees, partners, and third-party service providers. These uncertainties may increase variability in our
future results of operations and adversely impact our ability to accurately forecast changes in our business performance and financial
condition in future periods. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively or if global economic
conditions do not improve, or deteriorate further, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be
adversely affected. 

31 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S.
GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

We
believe that the following critical policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve months following the date
of these consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company expects to generate operating cash flow that will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations although there can be
no assurance. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company
will need to raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing to supplement expected cash flow. Historically,
the Company has raised capital through private placements, as an interim measure to finance working capital needs and may continue to
raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or other securities and obtaining some short-term loans. The Company will be
required to continue to do so until its operations become profitable. 

The
Company may attempt to raise capital in the near future through the sale of equity or debt financing; however, there can be assurances
the Company will be successful in doing so. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to the Company
on acceptable terms or at all. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Revenues
are accounted for in accordance with the FASB s Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606). 

32 

The
Company derives revenue from two sources. The Company s primary product is the Blockchain Archive Server a turn-key, off-the-shelf,
blockchain solution that works with virtually any hardware and software combinations currently used in commerce, without the need to
replace or eliminate any part of the client s data security that is being utilized. 

 The
second product offering is called the Regional Service Center which is a single unit system of 32 Blockchain Archive Servers
capable of servicing up to 2,580 individual small accounts, and is marketed to existing IT service providers with established accounts.
The service is delivered over the Internet and is considered software as a service SaaS . 

The
amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for the products
and/or services. To achieve this principle, the Company applies the following five steps: 

1. 
 Identify the contract with
 the customer; 

2. 
 Identify the performance
 obligations in the contract; 

3. 
 Determine the transaction
 price; 

4. 
 Allocate the transaction
 price to performance obligations in the contract, and 

5. 
 Recognize revenue when
 or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation. 
 
 The
Company recognizes revenue when the control of the Blockchain Archive Server is transferred to the Company s customer, in an amount
that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for these products. Control is generally transferred
when products are delivered. The Company s revenue contracts generally represent a single performance obligation to sell its products
to customers. For the SaaS software, which typically involves a significant customer deposit with services provided by the Company over
a 60 month period, the Company recognizes revenue ratably as service is provided over the contract period. 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill
represents the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized.
The goodwill arising from the Company s acquisition is attributable to the value of the potential expanded market opportunity with
new customers. Intangible assets have either an identifiable or indefinite useful life. Intangible assets with identifiable useful lives
are amortized on a straight-line basis over their economic or legal life, whichever is shorter. The Company s amortizable intangible
assets consist primarily of customer relationships. The useful life of these customer relationships is estimated to be three years. 

Goodwill
is not amortized, but is subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments. The Company performs
an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more frequently whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying amount. Goodwill impairment testing compares the
fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income
approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based on circumstances
surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach, the Company determines fair value based on estimated future cash flows of
the reporting unit, which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing and risk of cash flows.
For the discount rate, the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach, which includes an assessment of the risk-free
interest rate, the rate of return from publicly traded stocks, the Company s risk relative to the overall market, the Company s
size and industry and other Company specific risks. Other significant assumptions used in the income approach include the terminal value,
growth rates, future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital requirements. The market approaches use key multiples
from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than
its carrying amount, there is no impairment. If the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, then an impairment
loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. 

33 

Recently Adopted Pronouncements 

The
Company currently follows the guidance in ASC 840 Leases , which requires us to evaluate the lease agreements the
Company enters into to determine whether they represent operating or capital leases at the inception of the lease. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
Leases (Topic 842), which establishes a new lease accounting model for lessees. The updated guidance requires an entity to recognize assets
and liabilities arising from financing and operating leases, along with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. The amended
guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption
permitted. In March 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-01, Codification Improvements, which clarifies certain aspects of the new lease standard.
The FASB issued ASU 2018-10, Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases in July 2018. Also in 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-11, Leases
(Topic 842) Targeted Improvements, which provides an optional transition method whereby the new lease standard is applied at the adoption
date and recognized as an adjustment to retained earnings. The amendments have the same effective date and transition requirements as
the new lease standard. On November 15, 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10, which amends the effective dates for three major accounting
standards. The ASU defers the effective dates for the credit losses, derivatives, and lease standards for certain companies. 

In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company
adopted ASU 2016-02 using the Comparatives Under 840 Option approach to transition. Under this method, financial information
related to periods prior to adoption will be as originally reported under the previous standard ASC 840, Leases. The effects of
adopting the new standard (ASC 842, Leases) in fiscal 2022 were recognized as a cumulative-effect adjustment to accumulated deficit as
of the beginning of the fiscal first quarter. We elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within
the new standard, which among other things, allows us to carry forward the historical lease classification as operating or capital leases.
We also elected to combine lease and non-lease components and to exclude short-term leases from our consolidated balance sheets. 

The most significant impact of adoption was the
recognition of right-of-use operating lease assets and right-of-use operating lease liabilities of 496,000 and 541,000, respectively.
The cumulative impact of these changes increased the accumulated deficit by approximately 46,000. We expect the impact of adoption to
be immaterial to our consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows on an ongoing basis. As part of our
adoption, we also modified our control procedures and processes, none of which materially affected our internal control over financial
reporting. See Note 9 Leases, for additional information regarding our accounting policy for leases and additional disclosures. 

Except
for the adoption of ASC 842, management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards could
have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. As new accounting pronouncements are issued, we will adopt those that
are applicable under the circumstances. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the SEC did not have, or are
not believed by management to have, a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Reference
is made to pages F-1 through F-20 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon such
evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as required under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. 

34 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rue 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
of the Exchange Act) of the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

Management,
under the supervision of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in 2013 Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded
that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 under the criteria set forth
in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework . 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Management has determined that a material weakness exists due for the following reasons: 

The Company has an ineffective
 control environment due to a lack of the necessary corporate accounting resources with SEC financial reporting experience to ensure
 consistent, complete and accurate financial reporting, as well as disclosure controls and procedures. 

The Company has limited
 resources to ensure that necessary internal controls are implemented and followed throughout the Company. The limited resources result
 in inadequate internal controls relating to the authorization, recognition, capture, and review of transactions, facts, circumstances
 and events that could have a material impact on the Company s financial reporting process. 
 
 The
Company is addressing the ineffective controls by searching for a full-time Chief Financial Officer. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31,
2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

35 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

36 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set
forth below is certain information concerning the directors and executive officers of the Company. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Donald Beavers 
 59 
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director 
 
 Anthony Motto 
 63 
 Former Director and Chief Operating Officer 

Biographies 

Donald
Beavers. Mr. Beavers is our Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and sole Director. Mr. Beavers also acts as our principal
financial officer and principal accounting officer. Mr. Beavers is the founder and President of Probability and Statistics, Inc., a math
and science company headquartered in Florida s Space Coast. Founded in 2017, Probability and Statistics, Inc. develops integrated
solutions powered by the latest technologies in blockchain development, artificial intelligence, additive manufacturing, multi-physics
computations specialized software application development for the public sector and private industry. Under Mr. Beavers 
leadership, the company has been awarded government contracts, and has received awards and certifications including a spot in GrowFL s
 Company to Watch list in 2019. Prior to founding Probability and Statistics, Donald Beavers was the Education Director
at SpaceCoast FabLab from 2015 to 2017. SpaceCoast FabLab is a learning center affiliated with MIT s Center for Bits and Atoms.
Mr. Beavers also founded Eagle Lake in May 2020. A database programmer by trade, Mr. Beavers has 20 years of experience rescuing high-profile
databases around the world, and brings a wealth of technical and business experience to the Company. 

Anthony
Motto. Mr. Motto was our former Chief Operating Officer and Director. He resigned on August 23, 2022. Since 2014, Mr. Motto
has also served as VMware Global Staff Technical Account Manager for the Walt Disney Company. In this role, Mr. Motto was responsible
for helping Disney align business goals with IT strategy and maximizing the return on investment on their VMware software investment. 

Advisory
Board 

The
Company has an Advisory Board consisting of eight members with expertise in finance, software, manufacturing, and sales that provide
guidance to the Company in these areas. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No
director, executive officer, significant employee or control person of the Company has been involved in any legal or regulatory proceeding
listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Board
Composition 

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Directors. The number of directors is fixed by our Board of Directors,
subject to our articles of incorporation and our bylaws. Currently, our Board of Directors consists of three directors, with two vacancies.
We do not have a standing audit, compensation or nominating committee. Rather, our full board of directors performs the functions of
these committees. We do not believe it is necessary for our board of directors to appoint such committees because the volume of matters
that come before our board of directors for consideration permits the directors to give sufficient time and attention to such matters
to be involved in all decision making. Additionally, because our common stock is not listed for trading or quotation on a national securities
exchange, we are not required to have such committees. 

37 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning
his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Beavers, our sole director, is not
 independent as that term is defined under the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board of Directors has a Chairman, Mr. Beavers. The Chairman has authority, among other things, to preside over Board meetings and set
the agenda for Board meetings. Accordingly, the Chairman has substantial ability to shape the work of our Board of Directors. We believe
that separation of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is not necessary at this time to ensure appropriate oversight by
the Board of Directors of our business and affairs. However, no single leadership model is right for all companies and at all times.
The Board of Directors recognizes that depending on the circumstances, other leadership models, such as the appointment of a lead independent
director, might be appropriate. Accordingly, the Board of Directors may periodically review its leadership structure. 

Our
Board of Directors is generally responsible for the oversight of corporate risk in its review and deliberations relating to our activities.
Our principal source of risk falls into two categories, financial and product commercialization. The audit committee will oversee management
of financial risks; our Board of Directors regularly reviews information regarding our cash position, liquidity and operations, as well
as the risks associated with each. The Board of Directors regularly reviews plans, results and potential risks related to our product
development and commercialization efforts. 

Procedures
for Contacting the Board 

The
Board has established a process for stockholders and other interested parties to send written communications to the Board or to individual
directors, as applicable. Such communications should be sent by U.S. mail addressed to: 

Sollensys
Corp Board of Directors 

 c/o
Sollensys Corp 

 Attention:
Corporate Secretary 

 1470
Treeland Blvd SE 

 Palm
Bay, FL 32909 

The
Board has instructed the Corporate Secretary to promptly forward all communications so received to the full Board or the individual Board
member(s) specifically addressed in the communication. Comments or questions regarding our accounting, internal controls or auditing
matters, our compensation and benefit programs, or the nomination of directors and other corporate governance matters will remain with
the full Board. 

Depending
on the subject matter, the Company s Corporate Secretary will: 

Forward the communication
 to the director or directors to whom it is addressed; 

Attempt to handle the inquiry
 directly, for example, where it is a request for information about our Company or if it is a stock-related matter; or 

Not forward the communication
 if it is primarily commercial in nature or if it relates to a topic that is not relevant to the Board or a particular committee or
 is otherwise improper. 

38 

Procedures
for Recommending, Nominating and Evaluating Director Candidates 

Recommending
Director Candidates for Nomination by the Board 

The
Board will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders. A stockholder who wishes to recommend a director candidate for nomination
by the Board at an annual meeting of stockholders or for vacancies of the Board that arise between annual meetings must provide the Board
with sufficient written documentation to permit a determination by the Board whether such candidate meets the required and desired director
selection criteria set forth in our bylaws. Such documentation and the name of the director candidate should be sent by U.S. mail to: 

Sollensys
Corp Board of Directors 

 c/o
Sollensys Corp 

 Attention:
Corporate Secretary 

 1470
Treeland Blvd SE 

 Palm
Bay, FL 32909 

Nominating
Director Candidates 

For
director nominations to be properly brought before an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder, the stockholder must give timely
notice in proper written form to the Secretary, consistent with the Company s bylaws. 

Evaluating
Director Candidates 

The
Board has no formal guidelines or policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by shareholders. The
Board will consider several factors when evaluating the appropriate characteristics of candidates for service as a director. The Board
initially evaluates a prospective nominee based on his or her resume and other background information that has been provided to the Board.
At a minimum, director candidates must demonstrate high standards of ethics, integrity, independence, sound judgment, strength of character,
and meaningful experience and skills in business or other appropriate endeavors. In addition to these minimum qualifications, the Board
considers other factors it deems appropriate based on the current needs and desires of the Board, including specific business and professional
experience that is relevant to the Board s needs, including, but not limited to, Board diversity. A member of the Board will contact,
for further review, those candidates who the committee believes are qualified, who may fulfill a specific Board need and who would otherwise
best make a contribution to the Board. The Board is responsible for conducting, with the assistance of the Corporate Secretary, and subject
to applicable law, any inquiries into the background and qualifications of the candidate. Based on the information the Board learns during
this process, it determines which nominee(s) to submit for election. The Board uses a comparable process for evaluating all director
candidates, regardless of the source of the recommendation. 

The
Board is authorized to use, as it deems appropriate or necessary, an outside consultant to identify and screen potential director candidates.
No outside consultants were used during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to identify or screen potential director candidates.
The Board will reassess the qualifications of a current director, including the director s attendance and contributions at Board
meetings, prior to recommending a director for reelection. 

CODE
OF ETHICS 

We
have adopted a code of ethics meeting the requirements of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We believe our code of ethics
is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of violations; and provide accountability
for adherence to the provisions of the code of ethics. The code of ethics is applicable to all of our directors, officers and employees
and is available on our corporate website, www.sollensys.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to our code of ethics, or waivers
of its requirements, on our website or in filings under the Exchange Act to the extent required by applicable rules and exchange requirements. 

39 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table summarizes all compensation earned by Messrs. Beavers and Motto (together, our Named Executive Officers ). 

2022
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Donald Beavers 
 2022 
 250,961 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 41,058 
 292,019 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 176,236 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 45,816 
 220,052 

Anthony Motto (1) 
 2022 
 86,615 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 31,198 
 117,813 
 
 Former Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 145,388 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11,708 
 157,096 

(1) Mr.
Motto resigned as an officer and director and on August 23, 2022 

Employment
Agreements 

We
are not currently a party to any employment agreements with any of our executive officers. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None
of the named executive officers had any outstanding equity awards at the 2022 fiscal year-end. 

Sollensys
Corp 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 

On
April 14, 2021, the Board and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common stock approved the Sollensys
Corp 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). 

Authorized
Shares 

A
total of 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock are authorized for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan. Subject to adjustment
as provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2021 Plan will be cumulatively increased
on January 1, 2022 and on each subsequent January 1 through and including January 1, 2023, by a number of shares equal to the smaller
of (i) 3 of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (ii) an amount
determined by the Board. 

Additionally,
if any award issued pursuant to the 2021 Plan expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, is surrendered
pursuant to an exchange program, as provided in the 2021 Plan, or, with respect to restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ),
performance units or performance shares, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to the failure to vest, the unpurchased shares
(or for awards other than stock options or stock appreciation rights the forfeited or repurchased shares) which were subject thereto
will become available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan (unless the 2021 Plan has terminated). With respect to stock appreciation
rights, only shares actually issued pursuant to a stock appreciation right will cease to be available under the 2021 Plan; all remaining
shares under stock appreciation rights will remain available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan (unless the 2021 Plan has terminated).
Shares that have actually been issued under the 2021 Plan under any award will not be returned to the 2021 Plan and will not become available
for future distribution under the 2021 Plan; provided, however, that if shares issued pursuant to awards of restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance shares or performance units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to the failure
to vest, such shares will become available for future grant under the 2021 Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an award or
to satisfy the tax withholdings related to an award will become available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan. To the extent
an award under the 2021 Plan is paid out in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of shares
available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

40 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing and, subject to adjustment as provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon the exercise
of incentive stock options will equal the aggregate share number stated above, plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations promulgated thereunder, any shares that become available for issuance under
the 2021 Plan in accordance with the foregoing. 

Plan
Administration 

The
Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board will administer the 2021 Plan. In addition, if the Company determines it is desirable
to qualify transactions under the 2021 Plan as exempt under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, such transactions
will be structured with the intent that they satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. Subject to the provisions of the
2021 Plan, the administrator has the power to administer the 2021 Plan and make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for
administering the 2021 Plan, including the power to determine the fair market value of the Company s common stock, select the service
providers to whom awards may be granted, determine the number of shares covered by each award, approve forms of award agreements for
use under the 2021 Plan, determine the terms and conditions of awards (including the exercise price, the time or times at which the awards
may be exercised, any vesting acceleration or waiver or forfeiture restrictions and any restriction or limitation regarding any award
or the shares relating thereto), construe and interpret the terms of the 2021 Plan and awards granted under it, prescribe, amend and
rescind rules relating to the 2021 Plan, including creating sub-plans and modify or amend each award, including the discretionary authority
to extend the post-termination exercisability period of awards (provided that no option or stock appreciation right will be extended
past its original maximum term), and to allow a participant to defer the receipt of payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would
otherwise be due to such participant under an award. The administrator also has the authority to allow participants the opportunity to
transfer outstanding awards to a financial institution or other person or entity selected by the administrator and to institute an exchange
program by which outstanding awards may be surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type which may have a higher or
lower exercise price or different terms, awards of a different type or cash, or by which the exercise price of an outstanding award is
increased or reduced. The administrator s decisions, interpretations and other actions are final and binding on all participants. 

Eligibility 

Awards
under the 2021 Plan, other than incentive stock options, may be granted to employees (including officers) of the Company or a subsidiary,
members of the Company s Board, or consultants engaged to render bona fide services to the Company or a subsidiary. Incentive stock
options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a subsidiary. 

Stock
Options 

Stock
options may be granted under the 2021 Plan. The exercise price of options granted under the 2021 Plan generally must at least be equal
to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The term of each option will be as stated in the applicable
award agreement; provided, however, that the term may be no more than 10 years from the date of grant. The administrator will determine
the methods of payment of the exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares or other property acceptable to the administrator,
as well as other types of consideration permitted by applicable law. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant,
they may exercise their option for the period of time stated in their option agreement. In the absence of a specified time in an award
agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all other cases, in the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the option will remain exercisable for three months following the termination of service.
An option may not be exercised later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the administrator determines
the other terms of options. 

Notwithstanding
any other provision of the 2021 Plan to the contrary, the aggregate grant date fair value of all awards granted, under the 2021 Plan,
to any director who is not an employee, during any fiscal year of the Company, taken together with any cash compensation paid to such
director during such fiscal year, shall not exceed 300,000. 

41 

Stock
Appreciation Rights 

Stock
appreciation rights may be granted under the 2021 Plan. Stock appreciation rights allow the recipient to receive the appreciation in
the fair market value of the Company s common stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. Stock appreciation rights
may not have a term exceeding 10 years. After the termination of service of an employee, director or consultant, they may exercise their
stock appreciation right for the period of time stated in their stock appreciation right agreement. In the absence of a specified time
in an award agreement, if termination is due to death or disability, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for 12 months.
In all other cases, in the absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the stock appreciation rights will remain exercisable for
three months following the termination of service. However, in no event may a stock appreciation right be exercised later than the expiration
of its term. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the administrator determines the other terms of stock appreciation rights, including
when such rights become exercisable and whether to pay any increased appreciation in cash or with shares of the Company s common
stock, or a combination thereof, except that the per share exercise price for the shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of a stock
appreciation right will be no less than 100 of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. 

Restricted
Stock 

Restricted
stock may be granted under the 2021 Plan. Restricted stock awards are grants of shares of the Company s common stock that vest
in accordance with terms and conditions established by the administrator. The administrator will determine the number of shares of restricted
stock granted to any employee, director or consultant and, subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, will determine the terms and conditions
of such awards. The administrator may impose whatever conditions to vesting it determines to be appropriate (for example, the administrator
may set restrictions based on the achievement of specific performance goals or continued service to the Company); provided, however,
that the administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. Recipients
of restricted stock awards generally will have voting and dividend rights with respect to such shares upon grant without regard to vesting,
unless the administrator provides otherwise. Shares of restricted stock that do not vest are subject to the Company s right of
repurchase or forfeiture. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

RSUs
may be granted under the 2021 Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping entries representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of
the Company s common stock. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the administrator determines the terms and conditions of
RSUs, including the vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement
of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals (including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state
securities laws or any other basis determined by the administrator in its discretion. The administrator, in its sole discretion, may
pay earned RSUs in the form of cash, in shares of the Company s common stock or in some combination thereof. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any vesting requirements will be deemed satisfied. 

Performance
Units and Performance Shares 

Performance
units and performance shares may be granted under the 2021 Plan. Performance units and performance shares are awards that will result
in a payment to a participant only if performance goals established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest. The
administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which
they are met, will determine the number or the value of performance units and performance shares to be paid out to participants. The
administrator may set performance objectives based on the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals
(including continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the administrator
in its discretion. After the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce
or waive any performance criteria or other vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares. Performance units shall
have an initial dollar value established by the administrator on or prior to the grant date. Performance shares shall have an initial
value equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The administrator, in its sole discretion,
may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the form of cash, in shares or in some combination thereof. 

42 

Non-Employee
Directors 

The
2021 Plan provides that all non-employee directors will be eligible to receive all types of awards (except for incentive stock options)
under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan includes a maximum limit of 750,000 of equity awards that may be granted to a non-employee director
in any fiscal year, increased to 1,500,000 in connection with his or her initial service. For purposes of this limitation, the value
of equity awards is based on the grant date fair value (determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States). Any equity awards granted to a person for their services as an employee, or for their services as a consultant (other
than as a non-employee director), will not count for purposes of the limitation. The maximum limit does not reflect the intended size
of any potential compensation or equity awards to the Company s non-employee directors. 

Non-transferability
of Awards 

Unless
the administrator provides otherwise, the 2021 Plan generally does not allow for the transfer of awards and only the recipient of an
award may exercise an award during their lifetime. If the administrator makes an award transferrable, such award will contain such additional
terms and conditions as the administrator deems appropriate. 

Certain
Adjustments 

In
the event of certain changes in the Company s capitalization, to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential
benefits available under the 2021 Plan, the administrator will adjust the number and class of shares that may be delivered under the
2021 Plan or the number, and price of shares covered by each outstanding award and the numerical share limits set forth in the 2021 Plan. 

Dissolution
or Liquidation 

In
the event of the Company s proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator will notify participants as soon as practicable
and all awards will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed transaction. 

Merger
or Change in Control 

The
2021 Plan provides that in the event of the Company s merger with or into another corporation or entity or a change in control 
(as defined in the 2021 Plan), each outstanding award will be treated as the administrator determines, including, without limitation,
that (i) awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or
an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon written notice to a participant,
that the participant s awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or change in control;
(iii) outstanding awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable or payable, or restrictions applicable to an award will lapse,
in whole or in part, prior to or upon consummation of such merger or change in control and, to the extent the administrator determines,
terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or change in control; (iv) (A) the termination of an award in
exchange for an amount of cash or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such award
or realization of the participant s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt,
if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained
upon the exercise of such award or realization of the participant s rights, then such award may be terminated by the Company without
payment) or (B) the replacement of such award with other rights or property selected by the administrator in its sole discretion; or
(v) any combination of the foregoing. The administrator will not be obligated to treat all awards, all awards a participant holds, or
all awards of the same type, similarly. In the event that awards (or portion thereof) are not assumed or substituted for in the event
of a merger or change in control, the participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding options
and stock appreciation rights, including shares as to which such awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions
on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse and, with respect to awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals or other vesting
criteria will be deemed achieved at 100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, in all cases, unless specifically provided
otherwise under the applicable award agreement or other written agreement between the participant and the Company or any of the Company s
subsidiaries or parents, as applicable. If an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or substituted in the event of a merger
or change in control, the administrator will notify the participant in writing or electronically that the option or stock appreciation
right will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the administrator in its sole discretion and the vested option or stock
appreciation right will terminate upon the expiration of such period. 

43 

For
awards granted to an outside director, the outside director will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding
options and stock appreciation rights, all restrictions on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse and, for awards with performance-based
vesting, unless specifically provided for in the award agreement, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved
at 100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met. 

Clawback 

Awards
will be subject to any Company clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national
securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable laws. The administrator also may specify in an award agreement that the
participant s rights, payments or benefits with respect to an award will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment
upon the occurrence of certain specified events. The Board may require a participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company all
or a portion of the award or shares issued under the award, any amounts paid under the award and any payments or proceeds paid or provided
upon disposition of the shares issued under the award in order to comply with such clawback policy or applicable laws. 

Amendment
and Termination 

The
administrator has the authority to amend, suspend or terminate the 2021 Plan provided such action does not impair the existing rights
of any participant. The 2021 Plan automatically will terminate on April 14, 2031, unless it is terminated sooner. 

Director
Compensation 

Historically,
our directors have not received compensation for their services, and we have no plans to compensate directors in the near future. 

Executive
Compensation Philosophy 

Our
Board determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board reserves the right to pay our
executives or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of stock issued in consideration for services rendered and/or
to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s performance. This
package may also include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our
executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, the Board reserves the right to grant performance base stock options
in the future, if the Board in its sole determination believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive
Bonus 

The
Board has not, but may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officers and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if
the Board believes such bonuses are in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth,
if any, and the amount of revenue and profits we are able to generate each month, both of which are a direct result of the actions and
ability of such executives. 

44 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth as of December 31, 2022 certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company s
common stock by: 

Each of the directors and
 the Named Executive Officer; 

All executive officers
 and directors as a group; and 

Each person known by the
 Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the Company s common stock based on certain filings made under Section 13 of the
 Exchange Act. 
 
 All
such information provided by the stockholders who are not executive officers or directors reflects their beneficial ownership as of the
dates specified in the relevant footnotes to the table. The percent of shares beneficially owned is based on 106,512,827 shares issued
and outstanding as of March 1, 2022. Unless otherwise indicated, the owners have sole voting and investment power with respect to their
respective shares. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage 
of Outstanding Common Stock Owned 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

Donald Beavers 
 (1) 
 15.5 
 
 Anthony Motto -former officer and director 
 (2) 
 3.3 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (2 persons) 
 
 18.7 

Less than 1 . 
 
 (1) 
 Represents (i) 16,456,920
 shares held by Mr. Beavers directly; and (ii) 500,756 shares held by children of Mr. Beavers, over which Mr. Beavers has voting and
 dispositive power. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents (i) 3,578,494
 shares held by Mr. Motto directly; and (ii) 3,500,259 shares held by Mr. Motto s spouse. 

45 

EXISTING
EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

The
table below shows information with respect to all our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans
 approved by security holders (1) 
 - 
 
 N/A 
 (2) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 
 N/A 
 - 

(1) 
 On April 14, 2021, the
 Board and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common stock approved the 2021 Plan. A total of 1,000,000
 shares of the Company s common stock are authorized for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan. Subject to adjustment as provided
 in the 2021 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2021 Plan will be cumulatively increased on
 January 1, 2022 and on each subsequent January 1 through and including January 1, 2023, by a number of shares equal to the smaller
 of (i) 3 of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (ii) an amount
 determined by the Board. The Board did not increase the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan as of January
 1, 2022 or January 1, 2023. 

(2) 
 As of December 31, 2022,
 no shares of common stock had been issued under the 2021 Plan. No other securities have been issued under the 2021 Plan as of December
 31, 2022. 

46 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
following is a description of each transaction since January 1, 2021 and each currently proposed transaction in which: 

We
 and any of our subsidiaries have been or will be a participant; 

The
 amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal
 years; and 

Any
 of our directors, executive officers or beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of,
 or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

47 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

HoganTaylor
LLP HoganTaylor has served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm since December 2, 2021.
Prior to that time, MaloneBailey, LLP MaloneBailey served as the Company s independent registered accounting firm. 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by HoganTaylor LLP for
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

HoganTaylor LLP 

Fiscal
Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Audit fees (1) 
 180,000 
 92,000 

Audit-related fees (2) 
 78,435 
 87,500 

Tax fees (3) 
 - 
 - 

All other fees (4) 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 258,435 
 179,500 

(1) 
 Audit Fees This
 category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports
 on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements
 for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of,
 the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related Fees This
 category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related
 to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 
 The services for the fees disclosed under this category include historical audits of the businesses acquired, consultation regarding
 our correspondence with the SEC, other accounting consulting and other audit services. 

(3) 
 Tax Fees This
 category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and tax
 advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

(4) 
 All Other Fees This
 category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 
 
 Board
of Directors Pre-Approval Process, Policies and Procedures 

All
audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm must be pre-approved. These services
may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one
year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of service. The independent registered public accounting
firm and management periodically report to the board of directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered
public accounting firm. Consistent with the board of directors policy, all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by
our independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved by our board of directors. 

48 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Document 
 
 2.1 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement dated November 30, 2020 by and between Sollensys Corp, Eagle Lake Laboratories, Inc., the Eagle Lake Shareholders
 and Donald Beavers as the representative of the Eagle Lake Shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s
 Current Report of Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 30, 2020). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Membership
 Interest Exchange Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2021, by and among (i) the Company; (ii) Abstract Media, LLC, (iii) each of
 the members of Abstract Media, LLC; and (iv) Andrew Baker as the representative of the members of Abstract Media, LLC (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 19, 2021). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Merger
 Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2021, by and among (i) the Company; (ii) S-CC Merger Sub, Inc.; (iii) S-Solutions Merger Sub,
 Inc.; (iv) Celerit Corporation; (v) Celerit Solutions Corporation; and (vi) Terry Rothwell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 29, 2021). 
 
 2.4 
 
 Amendment
 to Merger Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2022, by and among the registrant, S-CC Merger Sub, Inc., S-Solutions Merger Sub, Inc.;
 Celerit Corporation; Celerit Solutions Corporation; and Terry Rothwell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 3, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of Sollensys Corp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the Commission on August 11, 2020). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Change to Articles of Incorporation, effective as of September 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 14, 2020). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Correction filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 13, 2020). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 13, 2020). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Designations filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 13, 2020). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate
 of Withdrawal for Series A Preferred Stock Designation Filed October 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 19, 2020). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on October 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 19, 2020). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Reseller
 Agreement between the registrant and Eagle Lake Laboratories, Inc. dated August 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2
 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 22, 2020). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Argus
 RFID IP Purchase and Assignment Agreement dated August 12, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 30, 2020). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Sollensys
 Corp 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the Commission on April 20, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Commercial
 Contract, entered into on April 2, 2021 by and between the registrant and MRIGlobal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 28, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Addendum
 to Contract, entered into on April 27, 2021, by and between the registrant and MRIGlobal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 28, 2021). 

49 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Management contract or
 compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Item
16. Form 10 K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

50 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SOLLENSYS
 CORP 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Donald Beavers 

Donald Beavers 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer,
 principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 
 
 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Donald Beavers 

Donald Beavers 

Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 

(principal executive officer,
 principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

51 

SOLLENSYS
CORP 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 Contents 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm HoganTaylor LLP (PCAOB ID # 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders an d
Board of Directors 

 Sollensys
Corp 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sollensys Corp and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years
then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has a significant working capital deficiency, and needs to raise additional
funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Managements plans in regard to these matters also are described in Note 2. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purposes of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April
17, 2023 

F- 2 

SOLLENSYS
CORP. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Current assets of discontinued operations 
 - 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Other assets 

Non-current assets of discontinued operations 
 - 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Lease liabilities - current
 portion 
 
 - 
 
 Related party loans-short term 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable-short term, net of debt issuance costs 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities 

Notes payable - long term 

Lease liabilities - long term 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenue - long term 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, Series A, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

Note:
Amounts may not foot due to rounding. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SOLLENSYS
CORP. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expense 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Other income 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on the sale of building 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss from continuing operations after income taxes 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per common share: 

Loss from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

Note:
Amounts may not foot due to rounding. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SOLLENSYS CORP. 

 Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred Stock 
 Series A 
 Common stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation 

Private placement of common shares 

Shares issued in connection with the acquisition of Abstract 
 
 - 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Series A 
 Common
 stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
Equity 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Impact of the adoption of ASC 842 

Issuance of common stock to purchase Celerit 

Return of common stock for Celerit recission 

Common stock issued as financing fee 

Private placement of common shares 

Stock based compensation 
 
 - 

Issuance of warrants associated with debt issuance costs 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Note: Amounts
may not foot due to rounding. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SOLLENSYS
CORP. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on the sale of the building 
 
 - 
 
 Write down inventory to net realizable value 
 	 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 ) 
 - 
 
 ROU Leases 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 
 - 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenues 

Net cash used in operating activities - continuing operations 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities - discontinued operations 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from the sale of building 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities-continuing operations 

Net cash used in investing activities-discontinued operations 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on notes payable 

Proceeds from related party loans 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on related party notes 
 
 - 
 
 Debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by investing activities-continuing operations 

Net cash used in investing activities -discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities 

Common stock issued for the acquisition of a business 
 - 

Common stock and warrants issued as debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of property and equipment with debt 
 - 

Note: Amounts may not foot
due to rounding. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SOLLENSYS
CORP 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and an accumulated deficit of 24,781,735. 

The
Company expects to generate operating cash flows that will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations although there can
be no assurance. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company
will need to raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing to supplement expected cash flow. Historically,
the Company has raised capital through private placements, as an interim measure to finance working capital needs and may continue to
raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or other securities and obtaining short-term loans. The Company will be
required to continue to do so until its revenues support its operations. 

The
Company may attempt to raise capital in the near future through the sale of equity or debt financing; however, there can be assurances
the Company will be successful in doing so. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to the Company
on acceptable terms or at all. 

on its Consolidated Statement of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 prior
to its disposal. See Note 5 Discontinued Operations. 

and the long-term balance was compared
to and 205,714 respectively at December 31, 2021. 

Under the guidelines of
ASC 606, the Company disaggregates its revenues from contracts with customers by service types, as the Company believes it best depicts
how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of the revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Management has determined
that this level of disaggregation is beneficial to the users of the Company s consolidated financial statements. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, all of the revenue was earned from the Company s Blockchain Archive Servers and SaaS. 

.
We expect the impact of adoption to be immaterial to our consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows
on an ongoing basis. As part of our adoption, we also modified our control procedures and processes, none of which materially affected
our internal control over financial reporting. See Note 9 Leases, for additional information regarding our accounting policy for leases
and additional disclosures. 

and - -, respectively.
Management determined that an allowance for doubtful accounts was not necessary for either period. 

- 
 
 Notes payable
 - short term less debt issuance costs (b) 

Notes payable
 - long term (c) 

(a) 
 Related party
 loans are comprised of the following: 

(i) 
 As of December
 31, 2022, David Beavers, a related party, loaned the Company on an unsecured basis, at with a maturity date of , and Donald Beavers, the Company s CEO had loaned the Company on an interest free basis with a maturity of
 date of . 

(ii) 
 The Company had one
 interest free demand loan, and four loans from various related parties in the amount of , , , ,
 and , respectively. These notes mature on , , , and ,
 respectively. The , , and notes are unsecured. The note is secured by a personal guarantee
 from the Company s CEO. 

(b) 
 Notes payable
 - short term are comprised of the following: 

(i) 
 On
 October 18, 2022 the Company entered into a six month maturity 
 Note Agreement at 
 interest with AJB Capital Investments, LLC AJB ). The loan agreement was issued with an original issue discount of
 
 which is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan. Additionally, the Company issued 
 shares of restricted common stock valued at 
 and 
 warrants with a strike price of and a five year maturity in October 2027.
 These warrants were recorded at its fair value of 
 using Black Scholes methodology with a volatility of 
 and a one-year Treasury bill rate of .
 The restricted common stock and warrants were also amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan. The unamortized note
 discount as of December 31, 2022 amounted to 
 and during the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recorded 
 in interest expense on this Note. The AJB Note is convertible, subject to a 4.99 equity blocker, in the event of a default, as provided in the AJB Note, into common stock at a conversion price (the Conversion Price equal to the Variable Weighted Average Price VWAP (i) during the previous 10 trading day period ending on the date of issuance of the AJB Note, or (ii) during the previous 10 trading day period ending on the conversion date, whichever is lower. If the common stock is not deliverable electronically by the Depository Trust Company DWAC ), an additional 10 discount will apply for all future conversions until DWAC delivery becomes available. If the common stock is chilled for deposit into the DTC system and only eligible for clearing deposit, an additional 15 discount will apply for all future conversions until such chill is lifted. Additionally, if the Company ceases to be a reporting company pursuant to the Exchange Act, or if the AJB Note cannot be converted into free trading shares after 181 days from the issue date (other than as a result of AJB s status as an affiliate of the Company), an additional 15 discount will be attributed to the conversion price. 

While the AJB Note is
outstanding, each time any third party has the right to convert monies owed to that third party into common stock (or receive shares pursuant
to a settlement or otherwise), at a discount to market greater than the Conversion Price in effect at that time (prior to all other applicable
adjustments in the AJB Note), then AJB, in its sole discretion, may utilize such greater discount percentage (prior to all applicable
adjustments in this AJB Note) until the AJB Note is no longer outstanding. While the AJB Note is outstanding, each time any third party
has a look back period greater than the look back period in effect under the AJB Note at that time, then AJB, in its sole discretion,
may utilize such greater number of look back days until the AJB Note is no longer outstanding.

Upon the occurrence
of certain events of default specified in the AJB Note, including, but not limited to, a failure to honor a conversion request, failure
to maintain the Company s quotation, or the Company s failure to comply with its obligations under Exchange Act, all amounts
owed to AJB under the AJB Note, including default interest if any, shall then become due and payable. Further, if the Company fail to
maintain its quotation, fails to comply with its obligations under the Exchange Act, or loses the bid price for its common
stock for a period of five days after written notice thereof to the Company, after the nine-month anniversary of the AJB Note, then the
principal amount of the AJB Note will increase by 15,000 and AJB will be entitled to use the lowest trading price during the delinquency
period as a base price for the conversion and the Conversion Price will be redefined to mean 40 multiplied by the Conversion Price,
subject to adjustment as provided in the AJB Note. 

Security Agreement 

In connection with the issuance of the AJB Note, on October 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Security Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2022, by and between the Company and AJB (the Security Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement, the Company agreed to grant to AJB an unconditional and continuing first priority security interest in all of the assets and property of the Company to secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of all of the Company s obligations under the AJB Note, and the other documents executed in connection with its agreements with AJB. 

(ii) 
 The
Company has a vehicle loan which requires monthly payments of principal and interest in the amount of . The loan matures August 2025,
bears interest at , and is secured by the specific vehicle. As of December 31, 2022 the short term portion of this note amounted
to . 

(iii) 
 On September 20, 2022 

(iv) 
 
 As part of the Celerit recission the Company agreed to a promissory
note payable to Celerit for accruing interest at and maturing on September 30, 2022. As of the date of this Report, this Note
remains unpaid and in default. Celerit has initiated a collection action on this Note. 

(c) 
 The notes payable
 long term balance of is the long term portion of the vehicle loan noted above in b (ii). 

At December 31, 2022, the aggregate maturities
of notes payable and related party loans for the next three years are as follows: 

Year 2024 

Year 2025 

Less debt issuance costs 

Total notes payable and related party notes payable 

and , for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The losses arose from two transactions which
occurred in 2022 as follows: 

ABSTRACT
MEDIA 

On
October 15, 2021, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Exchange Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of October
15, 2021, by and among (i) the Company; (ii) Abstract Media, LLC Abstract Media ), (iii) each of the members of Abstract
Media (collectively, the Abstract Media Members and (iv) Andrew Baker as the representative of the Abstract Media Members
(the Members Representative ). The Acquisition closed on December 6, 2021. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement, the Company agreed to acquire from the Abstract Media Members all of the membership interests of Abstract
Media held by the Abstract Media Members, representing 100 of the membership interests of Abstract Media, in exchange for the issuance
by the Company to the Abstract Media Members of (i) shares of the Company s common stock, plus (ii) paid to the Abstract
Media members, plus (iii) 15,000 to be paid solely to John Swain as additional consideration for Mr. Swain s membership interests
(the Acquisition ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement, on December 6, 2021, the Abstract Media Members assigned their respective membership interests in
Abstract Media to the Company, and Abstract Media became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In exchange therefor, on December
6, 2021, the Company issued to the Abstract Media Members an aggregate of 
shares of the Company s restricted common stock. 

For
the acquisition of Abstract Media, the following table summarizes the acquisition date fair value of the consideration paid, identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Consideration
paid 

Common stock, 73,244 shares of the Company restricted common stock valued at 4.00 per share 

Net liabilities assumed 

Fair value of total consideration paid 

Net
assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Net liabilities assumed 

The
Company allocated the fair value of the total consideration paid of to goodwill of and the same amount of 
to intangible assets with a life of three years. The value of goodwill represented Abstract Media s ability to generate profitable
operations going forward. Management estimated the provisional fair values of the intangible assets and goodwill on December 31,
2021. 

On November 4, 2022 the Company entered into a
Membership Interest Purchase Agreement with TechEdge Services, a Texas corporation, to sell all of its ownership interest in Abstract
Media. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge on its intangible assets including
goodwill of on its Consolidated Statement of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 prior to its disposal. 

Following the closing and for a period of 24 months
thereafter (the Earn-Out Period ), Tech Edge Services will pay to the Company an amount equal to 5 of the gross proceeds
received with respect to contracts and agreements in place with Abstract Media as of the closing date. Such payments shall be made within
seven days of each calendar month during the Earn-Out Period. The Company estimated the total proceeds of this contingent consideration
to be as of December 31, 2022. 

The Company recorded the following loss on disposal
and loss from discontinued operations related to Abstract Media: 

Prepaids and other assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net loss on disposal of Abstract Media 

Costs of sales and operating expenses 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Loss on disposal 
 
 - 
 
 Discontinued operations, net of tax 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Cash 
 - 

Receivables 
 - 

Prepaids and other assets 
 - 

Current assets of discontinued operations 

Property and equipment, net 
 - 

Intangible assets, net 
 - 

Goodwill 
 - 

Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations 
 - 

Liabilities: 
 - 

Accounts payable 
 - 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 
 - 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

CELERIT 

On
April 7, 2022, the Company closed on a Merger Agreement Merger Agreement by and among (i) the Company; (ii) S-CC Merger
Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company S-CC Merger Sub (iii) S-Solutions Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company S-Solutions Merger Sub (iv) Celerit Corporation Celerit (v) Celerit Solutions
Corporation Celerit Solutions and (vi) Terry Rothwell (collectively, (i)-(v), the Merger Parties ). 

Aggregate
consideration for the Mergers consisted of (i) , subject to certain adjustments set forth in the Merger Agreement, as amended
(the Cash Consideration ), and (ii) shares of Sollensys common stock (the Sollensys Shares ). The
Cash Consideration was paid to Terry Rothwell via the issuance to Terry Rothwell at the closing of a promissory note of Sollensys (the
 Rothwell Note ). Additional consideration of was paid to Terry Rothwell. The Rothwell Note has a principal amount
of , bears simple interest at a rate of to the maturity date, , and, if not paid at maturity, the
Rothwell Note accrued simple interest at per year until paid. There was no penalty or premium for prepayment. In the event of a default,
Sollensys agreed to pay Terry Rothwell s reasonable legal fees and costs of collection. 

For
the acquisition of Celerit and Celerit Solutions, the following table summarizes the acquisition date fair value of consideration paid,
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Consideration
paid 

Common stock, 4,000,000 shares of the Company restricted common stock valued at 3.20 per share 

Issuance of promissory note 

Fair value of total consideration paid 

Net assets acquired
and liabilities assumed 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Property, plant and equipment 

Intangible assets (provisional) 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net purchase price 

The
Company allocated the fair value of the total consideration paid to goodwill of and to intangible assets with
a life of three years. The value of goodwill represents Celerit and Celerit Solutions ability to generate profitable operations
going forward. Management estimated the provisional fair values of the intangible assets and goodwill prior to its disposal. The Company s
accounting for the acquisition of Celerit was based upon estimates of the allocation between goodwill and intangible assets . 

Subsequent
to entry into the Merger Agreement, the parties determined that they would unwind the transactions as set forth in the Merger Agreement
and in the other agreements entered into in connection therewith. 

Rescission
Agreement 

On
August 22, 2022, the Company entered into the Rescission, Termination and Release Agreement (the Rescission Agreement by and among (i) the Company, (ii) SCARE Holdings LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sollensys, SCARE (iii) Celerit;
(iv) Celerit Solutions; (v) Ms. Rothwell; (vi) Ron Harmon; and (vii) CRE. Pursuant to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, the parties
agreed to unwind the transactions as set forth in the Merger Agreement and in the other agreements entered into in connection therewith,
so as to place each of the parties to the Merger Agreement in the position that they were as of immediately prior to the closing of the
transactions as set forth in and as contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the related agreements. As a result, on August 26, 2022,
the following agreements were terminated, except as set forth in the Rescission Agreement: (i) the Rothwell Employment Agreement, (ii)
the Harmon Employment Agreement, (iii) the Blockchain Archive Server Agreement, (iv) the Rothwell Note, (v) the Banking Agreement, and
(vi) the Real Estate Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, among other things, the parties agreed as follows: 

(i) Sollensys
agreed to transfer to Ms. Rothwell one share of Celerit common stock; 

(ii) 
 Sollensys agreed
 to transfer to Ms. Rothwell one share of Celerit Solutions common stock; 

(iii) 
 Ms. Rothwell
 agreed to transfer to Sollensys shares of Sollensys common stock; 

(iv) 
 Ms. Rothwell
 agreed to resign from any and all positions with Sollensys, including as a member of Sollensys board of directors; 

(v) 
 Donald Beavers
 agreed to resign as a director and officer of Celerit and Celerit Solutions; 

(vi) 
 Anthony Nolte
 agreed to resign as a director and officer of Celerit and Celerit Solutions; and 

(vii) 
 Sollensys agreed,
 in connection with its withdrawal from Celerit of an aggregate of following the closing of the Merger Agreement, to issue
 to Celerit a promissory note in the principal amount of 605,000, accruing interest at the rate of 7 per annum and due on December
 31, 2022 (the Celerit Note ). 

In
addition, pursuant to the terms of the Rescission Agreement, the parties agreed to terminate: 

(i) 
 The Executive
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and between Sollensys and Ms. Rothwell; 

(ii) 
 The Executive
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022, by and between Sollensys and Mr. Harmon; 

(iii) 
 The Rothwell
 Sollensys Blockchain Archive Server Distributive Data Center Agreement (2 Units); 

(iv) 
 The Promissory
 Note issued by Sollensys to Ms. Rothwell on April 7, 2022; 

(v) 
 The Banking
 and Credit Union Services Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2022; and 

(vi) 
 The Real Estate
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2022. 

As
a result of the recission the Company recorded the following loss from discontinued operations: 

Accounts receivable 

Other accounts receivable 

Prepaids and other assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangibles 

Total assets 

Liabilities transferred: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities 

Net assets transferred 

Consideration received, 4,000,000 shares returned to treasury 

Extinguishment of promissory note 

Loss from disposal of Celerit and Celerit Solutions 

The
loss from discontinued operations is follows: 

- 
 
 Cost of sales and operating expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposal of Celerit and Celerit Solutions 
 
 - 
 
 Discontinued operations, net of tax 
 
 - 

- and - -, respectively. 

, which is currently reflected as deferred revenue at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021. 

common shares to various consultants in lieu
of cash payment. The awards were valued at the market price on the date of grant. The shares were valued at 
 and are amortized and vest ratably over the requisite
service period that the consultants provided service over. In some cases these shares vest immediately. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company expensed .
Of the common shares issued in 2022 all have vested. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, 

During 2022, the Company sold its building and
subsequently entered into a non-cancellable five-year lease agreement for which it recorded a right-of-use asset and liability based on
the present value of the lease payments in the amount of , using a term of one hundred eighty (62) months and a discount
rate of 12.00 . 

The
weighted average remaining lease term is years and the weighted average discount rate is . Operating lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 is approximately . Future lease payments under our non-cancellable
leases as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Year 2024 

Year 2025 

Year 2026 

Year 2027 

Total 

Imputed interest 

Lease liability 

The Company s minimum
annual future obligations under all existing operating leases at December 31, 2021 and accounted for under previous lease guidance as
follows: 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

Add: Stock Valuation Losses Related to Abstract Sale Celerit Recission 
 
 - 
 
 Pretax Book Loss Net of Stock Valuation Losses 

Provision at Statutory Rate 

Permanent Differences 

Change in Valuation Allowance 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net deferred tax assets consist of the following: 

State 

Valuation Allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Assets 
 - 
 - 

Deferred Tax Assets by Components 

Intangible Assets 
 - 

Net Operating Loss 

Valuation Allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Assets 
 - 
 - 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal, state and foreign
net operating loss carryforwards of approximately , with no expiration date to use these credits, that are available to offset
future liabilities for income taxes. The Company has generally established a valuation allowance against these carryforwards based on
an assessment that it is more likely than not that these benefits will not be realized in future years. The Company has reviewed the scheduled
reversals of the deferred tax assets and its projected taxable income in conjunction with the changes in tax laws enacted and determined
a valuation allowance is required at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The December 31, 2022 and 2021, results of operations include an increase
in our valuation allowance of and , respectively. We established the valuation allowance based on the weight of available
evidence, both positive and negative, including results of recent and current operations and our estimates of future taxable income or
loss by jurisdiction in which we operate. In order to determine the amount of deferred tax assets or liabilities, as well as the valuation
allowances, we must make estimates and assumptions regarding future taxable income, and other business considerations. Changes in these
estimates and assumptions, including changes in tax laws and other changes impacting our ability to recognize the underlying deferred
tax assets, could require us to adjust the valuation allowances. The Company has not undertaken an analysis of Section IRS Section 382
and cannot determine at this time whether the NOL will be subject to limitations due to a change in control. The Company will continue
to evaluate the realizability of its deferred tax assets based on its expectation of future taxable income and other relevant factors. 

- shares issued and
outstanding at both years ended, respectively. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company has authorized shares of common stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, respectively, there were and 100,715,734 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company: 

shares of common stock were sold in private placements for proceeds of 

Issued
 shares pursuant to the acquisition of Celerit and Celerit Solutions. These shares were valued at 3.20 per share. These shares
were returned and retired due to the recission of the Celerit transaction on August 22, 2022. The shares were returned at a fair value
of 0.20 per share 

shares of common stock were issued as a financing fee in connection with the funding of a
 promissory note from AJB Capital. These shares were valued at 

shares of common stock were issued as stock- based compensation valued at pursuant to the Sollensys Corp 2021 Equity Incentive Plan to numerous consultants. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company: 

Raised 
 from the sale of common shares to investors 

Issued 
 shares valued at in connection with the acquisition of Abstract Media 

Issued an aggregate
 of shares of common stock, valued at pursuant to the Sollensys Corp 2021 Equity Incentive Plan to numerous consultants. 

Buildings 
 - 

Building improvements 
 - 

Furniture and fixtures 

Equipment 

Vehicles 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation expense
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 

On September 8, 2021,

pre-funded
common stock warrants to AJB Capital Investments, LLC with a nominal exercise price of and an unlimited exercise term, in lieu
of past due interest payments on AJB s promissory note. 

The
AJB Promissory Note along with accrued interest was due to be paid on April 13, 2023. The Company did not make payment
at that time. Under the terms of the Promissory Note the Company exercised its right to extend the maturity date of the Note up
to six months from the original maturity date of April 13, 2023. As a result of the extension of the maturity date, the
interest rate shall equal fifteen percent per annum for any period following April 13, 2023, payable monthly. 

F- 23 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 sollensyscorp_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Company 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or 
 Organization 

Eagle Lake Laboratories,
 Inc. 
 
 Florida 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 sollensyscorp_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement (No. 333-255348) on Form S-8 of Sollensys Corp of our report dated
April 17, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sollensys
Corp for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Tulsa,
Oklahoma 

 April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 sollensyscorp_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Donald Beavers, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Sollensys Corp; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Donald Beavers 

Donald Beavers 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 sollensyscorp_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Donald Beavers, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Sollensys Corp; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Donald Beavers 

Donald Beavers 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 sollensyscorp_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Sollensys Corp (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Donald Beavers, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of
my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Donald Beavers 

Donald Beavers, Chief Executive
 Officer 

(principal executive officer
 and principal financial officer) 
 
 This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except
to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sols-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sols-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sols-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sols-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

