<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1434737_0001096906-23-000845.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2570476</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>84728</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>581144</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>517505</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>553155</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>771986</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001096906-23-000845.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417160057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096906-23-000845
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001434737
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				203455830
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-151300
		FILM NUMBER:		23823916

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1661 LAKEVIEW CIRCLE
		CITY:			OGDEN
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(801) 399-3632

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1661 LAKEVIEW CIRCLE
		CITY:			OGDEN
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sears Oil & Gas
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080509

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001096906-23-000845.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 srsg-20221231.htm
 SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. - FORM 10-K SEC FILING

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. - Form 10-K SEC filing 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ________________ 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 _______________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

NEVADA 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 - 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 Yes . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). . No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

. 
 
 Smaller Reporting Company . 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates was , based upon a closing price of 0.54 per common share. 
 
 As of April 14, 2023, the Registrant had outstanding shares of Common Stock with a par value of 0.001 per share. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022). 
 None. 
 
 2 

INDEX 
 SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

PAGE NO 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 10 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 10 
 
 ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 10 
 
 ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 10 
 
 ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 10 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 11 
 
 ITEM 6 
 [RESERVED] 
 11 
 
 ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 11 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 12 
 
 ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 12 
 
 ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 12 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 12 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 14 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 15 
 
 ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 16 
 
 ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 16 
 
 ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 17 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 17 

SIGNATURES 
 18 

3 

PART I. 
 
 Cautionary Note 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. All statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, including statements about our business strategy, the effect of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP pronouncements, uncertainty regarding our future operating results and our profitability, anticipated sources of funds and all plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and the statements regarding future potential revenue, gross margins and our prospects for fiscal 2023 . These statements appear in a number of places and can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, future, intend, or certain or the negative of these terms or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy. 
 
 Actual results may vary materially from those in such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors identified elsewhere in this document. References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to (i) the Company, the Registrant, Spirits Time, we, our, SRSG, and us refer to Spirits Time International, Inc. 
 
 Investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of the Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents filed by SRSG with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS. 

Background of Spirits Time 
 
 Spirits Time International, Inc. was incorporated on October 18, 2005 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company was formed under the name of Sears Oil and Gas Corporation but effective October 22, 2018, our name was changed to Spirits Time International, Inc. to reflect our new business direction. 
 
 At the time the Company was organized, its principal business objective was to engage in the oil and gas business. The Company became a public reporting company by filing a Form S-1 Registration Statement with the SEC that was declared effective July 25, 2008. The Company s business operations in the oil and gas business were not successful and its initial principals sold controlling interest in the Company. Prior to the Asset Acquisition Transaction (as defined below), we were a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). As a result of the Asset Acquisition Transaction, we ceased to be a shell company and intend to commence operations in the beverage industry (initially in the tequila beverage industry). 
 
 We have limited operating history, no revenue, and negative working capital. 
 
 The Company files reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We do not currently file reports under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Asset Acquisition 
 
 On September 28, 2018, we completed and closed upon an asset acquisition (the Asset Acquisition Transaction and a loan transaction pursuant to which we intend to engage in the business of marketing tequila products under the brand name of Tequila Alebrijes. We acquired the Tequila Alebrijes brand name, trademark and certain other assets from Human Brands International, Inc., a Nevada corporation Human Brands ). We also closed on a loan transaction whereby we borrowed 300,000 from Auctus Fund, LLC which is described below (See Notes to the Financial Statements). Auctus has delivered a notice of default to us relating to such loan (See Notes to the Financial Statements). 
 
 The Assets acquired were certain Tequila Alebrijes Products and Property Rights. We did not acquire an ownership interest in or any ongoing operation of Human Brands. We did not merge with or acquire an equity interest in Human Brands. We made no changes in our officers or directors as a result of the Asset Acquisition Transaction. We did not hire any employee of Human Brands. The transaction was essentially the acquisition of certain rights to distribute, rights to use a brand and a limited amount of inventory. Human Brands is involved in the marketing of other beverage products and brands in which we have no ownership or other interest. 
 
 Tequila Alebrijes Products and Property Rights means collectively, the intangible legal rights we acquired from Human Brands pertaining to: (a) rights associated with the product known as Tequila Alebrijes, including but not limited to Tequila Alebrijes Blanco, Reposado, and A ejo and any and all related products or extension of that product including other related Tequila Blends and formulas from the same or other related supplier as well as physical extensions of the Tequila Alebrijes brand in the form of logos, trademarks, marketing material and related copyrights, copyright applications and copyright registrations and moral rights, trademarks, service marks, logos, trade dress, trade names and service names and all goodwill associated therewith; (b) rights related to the protections of trade secrets and confidential information, 
 4 
 
 including, but not limited to, rights in industrial property, vendor lists and all associated information and other confidential or proprietary information; (c) industrial design rights; and (d) any rights analogous to those set forth in the preceding clauses and any other proprietary rights relating to intangible property, including, but not limited to, any applications, registrations or recordings in connection with the foregoing. Human Brands also granted us the exclusive right to sell directly or distribute Tequila Alebrijes products (including any product Extension of the Assets) on a worldwide basis. 
 
 The Acquired Assets include any and all product line extensions. The Acquired Assets include but are not limited to the following: 
 
 Trade Mark Design; 
 Packaging Design; 
 Formulas for Production of Tequila Alebrijes; 
 Finished Tequila Alebrijes Product of not less than 11,000 Mixed 750 ML bottles to be shipped to third parties as designated by the Company (less write-off, see below); 
 All Tequila Alebrijes Rights for Worldwide Use; 
 All Tequila Alebrijes Extensions for Worldwide Use; 
 The exclusive rights to sell the assets directly by the Company or through designated distributors or brand managers worldwide. 
 
 We issued 3,500,000 shares of our common stock to Human Brands and paid Human Brands 50,000 for the brand name, trademark and other acquired assets. We did not acquire an ownership interest in or any ongoing operation of Human Brands. No officer, director or employee of Human Brands became an officer, director or employee of the Company. 
 
 Name Change 
 Effective October 22, 2018, we changed our name from Sears Oil and Gas Corporation to Spirits Time International, Inc. Copies of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws were filed as exhibits to a Form 8-K filed October 31, 2018 and can be obtained on the SEC EDGAR Website. Our new CUSIP number is 84861Y107. 
 The Company s Business Plan - General 
 
 We have developed a business plan to obtain rights to develop a portfolio of beverage (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) product brands and to distribute and market beverage products nationally and internationally. Our first brand is the Tequila Alebrijes brand of tequila. We have obtained the trademark for this brand and the rights to market and distribute Tequila Alebrijes products. Currently, the Tequila Alebrijes brand of tequila is our only product brand, and we have not yet sold any of this product to date. 
 
 We do not intend to produce beverage products but rather we intend to acquire brand and marketing rights for beverage products and thereafter commercialize our products either directly by selling to retailers and point of sale locations or through brand management agreements and/or distribution agreements with other companies involved in the beverage distribution business. 
 
 Demand for premium distilled spirits brands is driving growth and transforming the distilled spirits industry, driven by several key trends including an increasingly global market for alcoholic beverages, better and more well defined channels of distribution, an international and domestic rise of cocktail culture, the growing popularity for distilled spirits, a greater desire among consumers wanting to know more about the history and production methods behind what they drink, an increase in the willingness of consumers to enjoy experimenting and trying new brands, categories and styles of alcoholic beverages, the identifiable industry trend showing increasing demand for a broader variety and new brands at the point of sale, and a higher level of appreciation of quality over quantity, with premium and above offerings gaining market share. 
 
 Amidst the background where industry leading producers are shifting more emphasis on premium brand offerings, an emerging wave of small craft distillers is capturing an increasing market share. As the craft boom continues, we anticipate that larger brands will increase their emphasis on craft qualities and will look to emerging brands gaining consumer support as acquisition candidates. 
 
 We intend, subject to adequate financing, to build a portfolio of beverage brands of non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages. We anticipate that we may be able to use our securities to acquire interests in additional beverage brands and as incentive for brand managers and other product distributors. 
 
 We have yet to generate any revenue from the acquisition of the tequila related assets and there can be no assurance we will be able to generate meaningful revenues in the near future. We anticipate that we must raise additional capital to develop a meaningful marketing program for our products and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise adequate capital to market our products and develop active business operations. 
 5 

Ultimate Business Goal 
 
 One of our ultimate business goals is to develop critical mass and a diverse portfolio of distilled spirits and non-alcoholic brands so as to make us an attractive acquisition target or an attractive partner for other companies in the beverage industry. 
 
 To achieve this goal, we plan on developing diverse channels of distribution by building relationships with strong regional and local distributors. To support our distributors, we plan to work with brand managers to create marketing, support consumer awareness, and to develop demand at the retail level in liquor stores and bars. 
 
 Our planned operating strategy 
 
 Our business strategy relates to our Tequila Alebrijes product and potentially other distilled spirits brands and non-alcoholic brands. We have developed a strategy to commence and build operations in the premium spirits industry. Our strategy is as follows: 
 
 (1) Building Our Branded Product Portfolio . We plan to build a portfolio of distilled spirit and non-alcoholic brands through distribution agreements, acquisitions of distributors and brands, and potentially the development of our own proprietary brands. We intend to attempt to add products in high-demand and in high-growth categories. Our first brand acquisition, as described throughout this Form 10-K, is the acquisition of the Tequila Alebrijes brand. 
 
 (2) Qualify for Our Own Licenses and Permits . Initially we are relying on brand management agreements with companies that already have distributions channels and have import and export licenses and permits. In addition, we will be contracting with US domestic distributors that have permits and licenses in a large number of key states for spirits sales. In addition, our brand management companies will have the logistical capability to store, ship and comply with all state and federal regulations and accounting requirements. The brand managers will also be responsible for collecting and reporting on all taxes, customs compliance and shipping regulations. 
 
 (3) Build Distribution . If, in the future, we obtain required permits, we intend to focus on building additional distribution for Tequila Alebrijes and other brands in the U.S. and Asia, the largest beverage market and the fastest growing beverage market, respectively. 
 
 (4) Marketing . We plan to bring the enjoyment of the Tequila Alebrijes experience to the customer. Key to scaling our business activities is our commitment to, and investment in innovative and effective sales and marketing campaigns, and supporting demand generated from those campaigns with sufficient inventory. Consumers want an experience and our marketing strategy is built around that. 
 
 Tequila Market Overview 
 
 Tequila is a distilled beverage which is made out of the blue agave plant. There exist two major categories of tequila: 100 agave and Mixtos. The term tequila is protected and may only be used on the product label if the alcoholic beverage is produced in specific regions of Mexico and contains at least 51 percent agave. 
 
 According to Statista.com https://www.statista.com/ the global tequila market is characterized by leading brands such as Sauza, Patr n, and El Jimador. Sauza tequila sold approximately 3.8 million 9 liter cases in 2016. Regionally, most tequila was exported to the United States from its country of origin Mexico. 
 
 Statista.com also reported that the sales volume of the American core market showed a continuous growth since 2004 and reached an all-time high with 15.87 million 9 liter cases sold in 2016. The tequila brand Jose Cuervo commanded 22 percent of U.S. tequila volume sales in 2016. Patron and Sauza tequila also accounted for a double-digit volume share in that year. 
 
 Statista.com latest consumption statistics illustrate that over 25 million people drank tequila in the United States as of spring 2017. The total U.S. consumption of tequila amounted to nearly 16 million 9 liter cases in 2016. Broken down on a state-level, California ranked first in terms of consumption. Texas and Florida rounded off the leading three consumption states. 
 
 Current projections anticipate that the tequila market will continue to grow through at least 2028. Although data as reported by Forbes suggests that the coronavirus COVID 19 outbreak has not negatively impacted the alcoholic beverage industry, the extent of the impact of COVID-19 on the financial performance of the Company will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak and related advisories and restrictions, and the impact of COVID 19 on the overall economy, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the overall economy is impacted for an extended period, the Company s future operating results may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Description of Tequila Alebrijes 
 6 

Tequila Alebrijes brand was first introduced in 2012 and has been sold in Asia, the United States and Europe. The Brand was developed by Autentica Tequilera SA.de CV. located in Tequila Jalisco, Mexico. The Brand was acquired by Human Brands in 2018 and subsequently sold to the Company in September 2018. 
 
 The Product 
 
 Tequila Alebrijes tequila is produced in Tequila Jalisco, Mexico. Our tequila is available in three styles: (i) tequila blanco, (ii) tequila reposado, and (iii) tequila a ejo. Our product is offered in 750 ML bottle size and has 40 alcohol percentage. The retail price range of our product is approximately 33.95 to 54.95 per 750ML bottle. 
 
 Previous owners of the brand have sold product in the United States, Asia and Europe through a variety of distributors. 
 
 Marketing and Distribution Plans and Strategy 
 
 Until, if ever, we are licensed, we intend to retain third party brand managers to import and market our products. 

Production and Supplier 
 
 The Tequila Alebrijes product is produced by Autentica Tequilera, SA.de.CV (the Producer in Tequila Jalisco, Mexico. The Producer is not affiliated with the Company. In addition to our inventory previously stored at the Producer s facilities, we have been informed that the Producer has the ability to continue to supply the Company with product as needed. 
 
 Other Brands 
 
 Tequila Alebrijes is our first brand. Subject to adequate capital, of which there can be no assurance, we intend to attempt to acquire additional distilled spirits brands and non-alcoholic beverage brands and to market and distribute other branded alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverage products. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The global distilled spirits industry, in general, and the tequila industry specifically is very competitive. The tequila industry is comprised of both major, well financed, participants and smaller boutique type producers or brands. We anticipate that we will compete on the basis of product quality, brand image, innovation, price, and service in response to consumer preferences. Top selling tequila brands in the US include Jose Cuervo, Sauza, Patron, Don Julio, El Jimada and Hernitos. 
 
 We anticipate that in order to expand our portfolio of brands we will focus on partnering with small to mid-size brands as opposed to major companies. We intend to use our capital stock to attempt to acquire other brands or partnership arrangements with other brands. As a result of our limited capital position and our lack of operating history in the beverage industry, we anticipate that it will be difficult to compete with these larger companies in pursuing agency distribution agreements and acquiring brands. We plan to seek acquisitions and other transactions with smaller privately-owned and family-owned brands, offering flexible transaction structures and providing brand owners the option to retain local production and home market sales. Given our size relative to our major competitors, most of which have multi-billion dollar operations, we believe that we must have greater focus on smaller brands and tailor transaction structures based on individual brand owner preferences. However, our relative capital position and resources may limit our marketing capabilities, limit our ability to expand into new markets and limit our negotiating ability with our distributors and other parties. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We anticipate that trademarks will be an important aspect of our business. We currently plan to sell products under the Tequila Alebrijes trademark. We anticipate that we will sell products under other trademarks as a product line increase. We plan to either own or license such trademarks. 
 
 Protection of our intellectual property is a strategic priority for our business. We currently own one trademark, Tequila Alebrijes. We will rely on a combination of copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality agreements, to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We do not rely on third-party licenses of intellectual property for use in our business. 
 
 The Tequila Alebrijes trademark was first registered on June 17, 2006 and was assigned to us by Human Brands, on September 13, 2018, pursuant to an assignment filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office on September 25, 2018. 
 7 
 
 If our business plan is achieved, of which there can be no assurance, we anticipate that we will acquire other brands and their related trademarks, and other intellectual property. 
 
 As of the date of this Form 10-K, we had acquired one registered internet domain name, www.tequilaalebrijes.com. 
 
 Regulatory Environment 
 
 Federal, state, local, and foreign authorities regulate how we produce, store, transport, distribute, and sell our products. Some countries and local jurisdictions prohibit or restrict the marketing or sale of distilled spirits in whole or in part. 
 
 In the United States, at the federal level, the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury regulates the spirits and wine industry with respect to the production, blending, bottling, labeling, sales, advertising, and transportation of beverage alcohol. Similar regulatory regimes exist at the state level and in most non-U.S. jurisdictions where we sell our products. In addition, beverage alcohol products are subject to customs duties or excise taxation in many countries, including taxation at the federal, state, and local level in the United States. 
 
 Mexican authorities regulate the production and bottling of tequilas; they mandate minimum aging periods for extra a ejo (three years), a ejo (one year), and reposado (two months) tequilas. Other beverage products that we may eventually become involved with have their own regulatory requirements as to production, labeling and other issues. We intend to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 Accordingly, in the US we are subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act, U.S. Customs Laws, Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the Alcoholic Beverage Control Laws of all fifty states. 
 
 The U.S. Treasury Department s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production, blending, bottling, sales and advertising and transportation of alcohol products. Also, each state regulates the advertising, promotion, transportation, sale and distribution of alcohol products within its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with holders of licenses to import, warehouse, transport, distribute and sell spirits. 
 
 We are subject to U.S. regulations on the advertising, marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. These regulations range from a complete prohibition of the marketing of alcohol in some countries to restrictions on the advertising style, media and messages used. 
 
 Labeling of spirits is also regulated in many markets, varying from health warning labels to importer identification, alcohol strength and other consumer information. All beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks of drinking beverage alcohol products. 
 
 In the U.S. control states, the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in their respective states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products not selected for listings only through special orders, if at all. 
 
 The distribution of alcohol-based beverages is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally. Most foreign countries in which we expect to do business impose excise duties on wines and distilled spirits, although the form of such taxation varies from a simple application on units of alcohol by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several countries impose additional import duty on distilled spirits, often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs. Import and excise duties may have a significant effect on our sales, both through reducing the consumption of alcohol and through encouraging consumer switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol. 
 
 We will be subject to import and export laws relating to the US and any country we either intend to sell products or import products for resale. 
 
 We will be subject to foreign laws to the extent we operate in foreign markets. 
 
 Compliance costs will be a significant factor in our business. At least initially, we plan to use licensed third party Brand Management companies and licensed distributors to manage our brand and market our products. 
 
 Funding Strategy 
 
 We anticipate that in order to achieve our marketing strategy for our Tequila Alebrijes brand and acquire and market other brands, we will be required to obtain significant capital from equity and debt sources. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate additional capital as we need it or, even if it is available, that it will be on terms and conditions that are acceptable and commercially reasonable. We 
 8 
 
 anticipate that we will issue shares of our capital stock to raise additional capital, to attract third party distribution networks, attempt to acquire interests in other brands and for employee compensation. 

Properties 
 
 Currently, as we are building our lines of distributions and potentially acquiring other brands, we are operating out of the business office of Mark Scharmann, our president. We do not anticipate that in the foreseeable future we will store products in our own facilities but will arrange for products to be shipped directly from the producer or supplier to ultimate distributor. Accordingly, we do not anticipate that, at least in the foreseeable future, we will be required to obtain warehouse facilities to store products. As our business grows, and as we hire employees and agents, we anticipate that we will require additional office facilities. 
 
 Relationship with Human Brands 
 
 As described above, we acquired the Tequila Alebrijes brand from Human Brands for 50,000 cash and 3,500,000 shares of our common stock. As a result of such asset acquisition, on the acquisition date Human Brands owned approximately 52.4 of our then-issued and outstanding shares of common stock. So as not to effect a change in control, Human Brands granted our President, Mark Scharmann, an Irrevocable Proxy to vote 300,000 of its shares of our common stock. We have since issued additional shares of our common stock to other individuals and HBI has transferred 296,154 of its shares to other shareholders, thereby reducing HBI s ownership percentage to 44 (3,203,846 shares) as of the date of this filing. On May 24, 2019 the Company and proxy holder Mark Scharmann terminated the proxy and such proxy is of no further force or effect. HBI has full voting rights as to the 300,000 shares described in the proxy. No officer, director, shareholder, affiliate or agent of Human Brands is an officer or director of our company. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of the date of this report, we have no employees. Subject to adequate financing and business needs we will retain employees, third party consultants, agents and other service providers on an as needed basis. 

ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS. 

Not Applicable. The Company is a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not Applicable. The Company is a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES. 

We do not own any property. The principal offices are located at 1661 Lakeview Circle, Ogden, Utah 84403 

ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

The Company is currently not a party to any pending legal proceedings. As described in Notes to the Financial Statements, we have been notified that Auctus Fund, LLC has claimed a default under the promissory note we issued to Auctus in September 2018. Although we are attempting to resolve this issue with Auctus, there can be no assurance that Auctus will not commence a legal proceeding in connection with such claimed default. 
 9 

ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

The Company s common stock is included on the OTC Pink Marketplace under the symbol SRSG. On April 14, 2023, the published closing price was 0.4636 for the Company s common stock on the OTC Pink Marketplace. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there were approximately 40 holders of record of the Company s common stock, as reported by the Company s transfer agent. In computing the number of holders of record, each broker-dealer and clearing corporation holding shares on behalf of its customers is counted as a single stockholder. 
 
 The following represents trading ranges per quarter. 
 
 Quarter Ending 3/31/2021 High 1.60 Low 1.19 
 Quarter Ending 6/30/2021 High 1.25 Low 0.60 
 Quarter Ending 9/30/2021 High 1.70 Low 1.00 
 Quarter Ending 12/31/2021 High 1.20 Low 1.00 
 Quarter Ending 3/31/2022 High 1.20 Low 0.54 
 Quarter Ending 6/30/2022 High 1.30 Low 0.54 
 Quarter Ending 9/30/2022 High 6.00 Low 0.55 
 Quarter Ending 12/31/2022 High 4.75 Low 0.80 
 
 No dividends have ever been paid on the Company s securities, and the Company has no current plans to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 We do not have in effect any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance and we do not have any outstanding stock options. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 Colonial Stock Transfer Co., Inc., 66 Exchange Place, Suite 100, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111, telephone (801) 355-5740, serves as the transfer agent and registrar for our stock. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On August 24, 2022, the Company issued 450,000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock for services rendered to the Company totaling 20,520. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 We have not adopted a stock repurchase plan and we did not purchase any shares of our equity securities during the 2022 fiscal year. 

ITEM 6 
 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion is intended to assist in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial condition of Spirits Time International, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 10 
 
 The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Company s 2022 audited financial statements addresses an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, indicating that the Company has incurred losses since its inception and has no on-going operations. The report further indicates that these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of 1,261,414 and a stockholders deficit of 986,414. The Company incurred net losses of 286,628 and 181,068 for its fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our primary creditor has claimed a default under the Promissory Note we issued to such creditor. The Company has not entered into any agreements or arrangements for the provision of additional debt or equity financing and there can be no assurance that it will be able to obtain the additional debt or equity capital required to continue its operations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. Based on this definition, we not identified any critical accounting estimates. We also have other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that are significant to understanding our results which are found in Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies of the accompanying financial statements. Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information presently available. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments, or conditions. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 707 and a negative working capital of 1,261,414. This compares with cash of 186 and negative working capital of 995,306 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net cash used by operating activities totaled 38,929 for the year-ended December 31, 2022 consisting of a loss from operations of 286,628 which was offset by a stock based compensation of 20,520, loss on impairment of inventory of 80,404, a change in accounts payable and accrued interest of 121,184, a change in accounts payable related party of 1,000, and a change in accrued interest related parties of 24,591. This compares with net cash used by operating activities totaling 45,118 for the year-ended December 31, 2021 consisting of a loss from operations of 181,068 which was offset by a change in accounts payable and accrued interest of 105,738, a change in accounts payable related party of 6,000, and a change in accrued interest related parties of 24,212. 
 
 There were no investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities totaled 39,450 for the year-ended December 31, 2022 consisting of proceeds from loans payable - related parties of 19,450 and proceeds from notes payable of 20,000. This compares with net cash provided by financing activities totaling 44,926 for the year-ended December 31, 2021 consisting of proceeds from loans payable - related parties of 34,962 and proceeds from notes payable of 10,000. 
 
 In September 2018, we obtained funds from the issuance of a Secured Promissory Note that is described in the Notes to the Financial Statements. Our net proceeds from that transaction have been used to repay outstanding debt, to fund the professional fees in connection with such transaction and the Asset Acquisition Transaction, for use in our beverage operations and for working capital. 
 
 As described in Notes to the Financial Statements, the lender under the Secured Promissory Note has notified us of a claimed default under the Note. The Note is secured by all of the assets of the Company. We currently do not have cash available to repay the Note and there is no assurance that we will ever have liquid assets necessary to repay the Note. 
 
 We must secure additional funds in order to continue our business. There is no guarantee we will receive the required financing to complete our business strategies; we cannot provide any assurance that future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or expand our operations. If we are unable to accomplish raising adequate funds then any it would be likely that any investment made into the Company would be lost in its entirety. 
 
 Results of Operations . We did not have revenue for either the year-ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. For the year-ended December 31, 2022, we incurred professional fees of 78,337. For the year-ended December 31, 2021, we incurred professional fees of 50,410. For the year-ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 10,077 of administrative expenses compared to 10,586 for the year-ended December 31, 2021. For the year-ended December 31, 2022 we recorded an impairment loss on inventory of 80,404 and we incurred interest expense of 117,810. For the year-ended December 31, 2021 we incurred interest expense of 120,072. 
 
 As a result of the foregoing, we incurred a loss of 286,628 for the year-ended December 31, 2022 compared to a loss of 181,068 for the year-ended December 31, 2021. Since incorporation we have accumulated a deficit of 1,956,350. 
 11 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. None 
 
 Contractual Obligations. None 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 We have reviewed accounting pronouncements issued during the past two years and have adopted any that are applicable to our company. We have determined that none had a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not Applicable. The Company is a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Our financial statements appear beginning on page F-1, immediately following the signature page of this report. 

ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None 

ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, these disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective to ensure that all information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is: (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rule and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Our evaluation of internal control over financial reporting includes using the COSO framework, an integrated framework for the evaluation of internal controls issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013), to identify the risks and control objectives related to the evaluation of our control environment. 
 
 Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on our evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective for both of our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. A material weakness in internal control over financial reporting is defined by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board s Audit Standard No. 5 as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of our financial reporting. Management has determined that our lack of segregation of duties constitutes a material weakness, as our sole officer, director, and employee is the same person. Due to the size and operations of the Company, we are unable to remediate this deficiency until we acquire or merge with another company, or have sufficient resources to hire additional personnel. 
 12 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation requirements by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and circumvention by collusion or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system may not prevent or detect material misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 

NONE 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The following table indicates the name, age, and position held by each of our officers and directors. 
 
 Name 
 Age 
 
 Positions Held 
 
 Mark Scharmann 
 64 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 
 
 Doug Morris 
 67 
 
 Vice President of Corporate Development, Director 
 
 Thomas Garrison 
 65 
 
 Director 

The term of office for each director is one year, or until the next annual meeting of the shareholders. 

Biographical Information 
 
 Certain biographical information with respect to the Company s officers and directors is set forth below. 
 
 Mark A. Scharmann For the past several years Mr. Scharmann has been a private investor in residential real estate and private and public companies. Mr. Scharmann became interested in investing in emerging growth companies in December 1979 while attending Weber State College. He compiled and edited a publication titled Digest of Stocks Listed on the Intermountain Stock Exchange (Library of Congress Cat. No. 80-82407). In 1981, he compiled and edited an industry directory called the OTC Penny Stock Digest (Library of Congress Cat. No. 80-82471). For the past several years Mr. Scharmann has also consulted with both public and privately held companies relating to management, mergers and acquisitions, debt and equity financing, capital market access, and introductions to investor relations groups. In addition to being an officer and director of the Company, Mr. Scharmann is an officer and director of Bioethics, LTD., a shell company listed on the OTC Markets under the symbol BOTH ). He is an officer of Roycemore Corporation, a private firm specializing in the development and acquisition of self-storage facilities. Mr. Scharmann is a co-founder of wffl.com and wasatchbasketballleague.com, both youth sports information web sites. He graduated from Weber State University, Ogden, UT in 1997 with a Bachelors of Integrated Studies Degree in Business, Psychology and Health Education. 
 
 Doug Morris Mr. Morris is a co-founder of Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. Bio-Path and has served as a director of Bio-Path since 2007 and served as an officer from 2007 to June 2014. Mr. Morris also currently serves as the Director of Investor Relations and the Secretary of Bio-Path. Mr. Morris previously served as a co-founder, Managing Member, and Secretary of nCAP Holdings, LLC (nCAP), a privately held technology based company from September 2013 to January 2016. Between 1993 and 2010, Mr. Morris was an officer and director of Celtic 
 13 
 
 Investment, Inc., a financial services company. Mr. Morris owned and operated Hyacinth Resources, LLC Hyacinth ), a business-consulting firm, from 1990 until September 2018, and is also a Managing Member of Sycamore Ventures, LLC, a privately held consulting firm. Mr. Morris has a B.A. from Brigham Young University, and attended the University of Southern California Master s program in public administration. 
 
 Thomas Garrison Dr. Garrison graduated from the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences with his MD degree in 1982 after which he completed a residency in Emergency Medicine. As a flight surgeon in the USAF he participated in the F-16 medical operations and served as consultant to the USAF Command Surgeon General. 
 
 He received residency training in Emergency Medicine and served in this capacity to complete his military service. Dr. Garrison then practiced Emergency Medicine for another 20 years mostly in Ogden, UT within the Intermountain Health Care (IHC) system. He served as department chair for 5 years, served on the Executive Committee and was the founding director of the IHC Emergency Medicine Clinical Programs. 
 
 Dr. Garrison entered the aesthetics market in 1998 when he founded Laser Aesthetics, LLC which provided laser hair removal services. He later consulted for Advanced Laser Clinics, LLC and American Laser Centers, LLC. 
 
 Dr. Garrison founded Aesthetic Physicians, PC (APPC) in 2008, which is the medical practice of Sono Bello. Sono Bello offers awake laser assisted body sculpting (primarily liposuction) with some 70 centers nationwide. 
 
 As an entrepreneur Dr. Garrison was a founder and initial Board member of Bio-Path Holdings, Inc., a biotech company affiliated with the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, TX. He is a major shareholder in CAPPA which provides dietary and health education services primarily to state departments of health. Dr. Garrison is an active investor in several other companies, mostly medically related. 
 
 Spirits Time International, Inc. s Officers and Directors have not been involved, during the past five years, in any bankruptcy, conviction or criminal proceedings; have not been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed or suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting their involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and have not been found by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Commission or the Commodity Futures trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law. 
 
 Significant Employees. We do not employ any non-officers who are expected to make a significant contribution to its business. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 
 Nominating Committee. We have not established a Nominating Committee because of our limited operations; and because we have only one director and officer, we believe that we are able to effectively manage the issues normally considered by a Nominating Committee. 
 
 Audit Committee. We have not established an Audit Committee because of our limited operations; and because we have only one director and officer, we believe that we are able to effectively manage the issues normally considered by an Audit Committee. 
 
 Code of Ethics. We have adopted a Code of Ethics for our principal executive and financial officers. Our Code of Ethics is filed as an Exhibit to our registration statement filed on May 30, 2008. 

ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Annual Compensation 
 
 Long-Term Compensation 

Name and 
 Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus 
 Other Annual Compensation ) 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards ) 
 Securities Underlying Options (#) 
 LTIP Payouts ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 

Mark A. Scharmann 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Officer and Director 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

There has been no cash payment paid to the executive officer for services rendered in all capacities to us for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There has been no compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the executive officer by any person for services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. No compensation is anticipated within the next six months to any officer or director of the Company. 
 14 

Stock Option Grants 
 
 The Company has not granted any stock options to the executive officers during the most recent fiscal period ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table provides the name of each person or entity known to Spirits Time International, Inc. to own more than 5 of the outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022, and by the Officers and Directors, individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly. On such date there were 7,361,005 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding. 

Title Of Class 
 Name and Title of Beneficial Owner of Shares 
 
 Amount of Beneficial Ownership 

Common 
 Mark A. Scharmann, President and Director 

3,061,553 

41.59 

Common 
 Thomas Garrison, Director (1) 

61,553 

0.84 

Common 
 Human Brands International, Inc. 

3,203,846 

43.52 

All Directors and Officers as a group 

3,123,106 

42.43 

(1) Includes 61,553 shares held by Garrison Capital, LLC 

ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, related parties of the Company loaned a total of 19,450 to the Company in order to pay for expenses and continue the reporting requirements with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the year ended December 31, 2022 interest in the amount of 9,000 was paid on these loans. The balance due to these related parties was 290,375 plus accrued interest of 127,684 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Beginning August 2017, the Company entered into an oral agreement to pay the Company s President 500 per month as payment for use of his personal residence as the Company s office and mailing address. 
 
 Our board of directors consists of three persons: Mark Scharmann, Doug Morris, and Thomas Garrison. Mark Scharmann and Doug Morris are not independent because they are officers of the Company. 
 15 

ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The amounts paid to our independent auditing firm for each of the past two calendar years are as follows: 
 
 2022 2021 
 Auditing 14,069 14,000 
 Audit-related services - - 
 Tax services 2,800 - 
 Other services [2] ____ - ____ _____ - ___ 
 Total 16,869 14,000 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The following documents have been filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

1. 
 Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Stockholders' Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7-12 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because the required information is included in the Financial Statements or the Notes thereto. 
 16 

3. 
 Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 SEC Reference Number 

Title of Document 

Location 
 
 3.1 
 
 3 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated by Reference (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 3 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 Incorporated by Reference (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 31 
 
 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This Filing 
 
 32.1 
 
 32 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This Filing 
 
 101.INS (2) 

XBRL Instance Document 
 
 This Filing 
 
 101.SCH (2) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 This Filing 
 
 101.CAL (2) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 This Filing 
 
 101.DEF (2) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 This Filing 
 
 101.LAB (2) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 This Filing 
 
 101.PRE (2) 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 This Filing 

(1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 3(i) and 3(ii) of the Company 2003 Form 10-KSB report, filed March 30, 2004. 
 
 2) XBRL information is furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is not subject to liability under those sections, is not part of any registration statement or prospectus to which it relates and is not incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference into any registration statement, prospectus or other document. 
 
 SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Mark A. Scharmann 

Mark A. Scharmann 

President 

Chief Executive Officer, Director 

By: /s/ Mark A. Scharmann 

Mark A. Scharmann 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Treasurer, Secretary, 

Date: April 17, 2023 

17 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Spirits Time International, Inc. 
 Ogden, UT 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Spirits Time International, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Consideration of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses since inception, has a working capital deficit, and has not achieved profitable operations, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 4. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Going Concern Disclosure 
 
 The financial statements of the Company are prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that the Company will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and, accordingly, will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of operations. As noted in Going Concern Considerations above, the Company has a history of recurring net losses, a significant accumulated deficit and currently has net working capital deficit. The Company has contractual obligations such as commitments for repayments of accounts and notes payable and accrued interest (collectively obligations ). Currently management s forecasts and related assumptions illustrate their intent to meet the obligations through management of expenditures, obtaining additional financing through loans from related and unrelated parties, and private placements of capital stock for additional funding to meet its operating needs. Should there be constraints on the ability to access financing through stock issuances, the Company will continue to manage cash outflows and meet the obligations through related and unrelated party loans. 
 
 We identified management s assessment of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as a critical audit matter. Management made judgments surrounding the Company s intent to effectively implement its plans and provide the necessary cash flows to fund the Company s obligations as they become due. Specifically, the judgments with the highest degree of impact and subjectivity in determining that the Company s ability and intent to effectively implement its plans include its ability and intent to manage expenditures, access funding from the capital market, and obtain loans from related and unrelated parties. Auditing the judgments made by management required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort. 
 F-1 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included the following, among others evaluating the Company s ability and intent to: (i) access funding from the capital market; (ii) manage expenditures, and (iii) obtain loans from related and unrelated parties. 
 
 /s/ Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

(a dba of Heaton Co., PLLC) 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 F-2 

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Inventory 

Total Current Assets 

OTHER ASSETS 

Intangible assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 

Accrued interest 

Accrued interest - related parties 

Loans payable - related parties 

Convertible notes payable - related parties 

Convertible note payable 

Notes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 9) 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized Preferred stock designated, Series A, par value, shares authorized, and - - shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Preferred stock designated, Series D, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 
 ) 
 
 ) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F-3 

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 Statements of Operations 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

NET REVENUES 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Professional fees 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 ) 
 
 ) 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

Impairment loss on inventory 
 ) 

Interest expense 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Total Other Income (Expenses) 
 ) 
 
 ) 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 ) 
 
 ) 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET LOSS 
 ) 
 
 ) 

NET LOSS PER SHARE - BASIC AND DILUTED 
 ) 
 
 ) 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF 

SHARES OUTSTANDING - BASIC AND DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F-4 

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 Statements of Stockholders' Deficit 
 
 For the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional 

Total 

Preferred Stock A 
 
 Preferred Stock D 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Paid-In 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Deficit 

Balance, January 1, 2021 

) 
 
 ) 

Net loss for the year ended 

December 31, 2021 

) 
 
 ) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

) 
 
 ) 

Preferred stock issued for services 

Net loss for the year ended 

December 31, 2022 

) 
 
 ) 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

) 
 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F-5 

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash 

used by operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Impairment loss on inventory 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued interest 

Accounts payable - related party 

Accrued interest - related parties 

Net Cash Used by Operating Activities 
 ) 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from loans payable - related parties 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

) 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 

F-6 

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 ; authorize a class of preferred stock consisting of shares of 0.001 par value preferred stock issuable in such series and with such characteristics as determined appropriate by the Board of Directors. 

) 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 ) 
 
 ) 

F-7 

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had finished goods inventory on-hand totaling and , respectively. 
 
 Intangibles - The Company accounts for intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). ASC 350 requires that goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives be tested for impairment annually or on an interim basis if events or circumstances indicate that the fair value of an asset has decreased below its carrying value. The cost of intangible assets with determinable useful lives is amortized to reflect the pattern of economic benefits consumed, either on a straight-line or accelerated basis over the estimated periods benefited. Patents, technology and other intangibles with contractual terms are generally amortized over their respective legal or contractual lives. When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, an impairment assessment is performed and lives of intangible assets with determinable lives may be adjusted. 
 
 No impairment was noted on the Tequila Alebrijes brand name and property rights (indefinite-lived intangible assets) during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

At December 31, 2022 the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately that may be offset against future taxable income. No tax benefits have been reported in the financial statements, because the potential tax benefits of the net operating loss carry forwards are offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. 
 
 Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carryforwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carryforwards may be limited as to use in the future. 

Valuation allowance 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 

The income tax provision differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the U.S. federal income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the following: 

Stock compensation 
 ) 

Change in valuation allowance 
 ) 
 
 ) 

- 
 
 - 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. 
 F-8 

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, these related parties loaned a total of and , respectively, to the Company. Also, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the loans incurred interest expense totaling and , respectively, and interest in the amount of and , respectively, was paid. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance due to these related parties for these loans was principal of and , respectively, and accrued interest of and , respectively. 
 
 Beginning August 2017, the Company entered into an oral agreement to pay the Company s president per month as payment for use of his personal residence as the Company s office and mailing address. The Company has recorded rent expense of during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 which is included in the selling, general and administrative expenses on the statements of operations. The amounts payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and respectively. 
 
 In March 2014, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to an officer and director of the Company and a convertible promissory note to another affiliated shareholder (the Convertible Notes ). On October 11, 2022 this unaffiliated individual was appointed as a director of the Company. The Convertible . The holders of the Convertible Notes, may, at their option, convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal balance of, and all accrued interest on the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at a conversion rate of 1.00 per share. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 additional 
 F-9 

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 of accrued interest was converted into shares of Preferred Stock. No principal has been paid on these Notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance due to these related parties for these Notes was principal of , and accrued interest of and , respectively. (See Note 7) 
 
 On August 24, 2022, the Company issued shares of Preferred Series A stock to directors of the Company for review of potential business opportunities. 
 
 On August 24, 2022, the Company issued shares of Preferred Series A stock to an unaffiliated individual for review of potential business opportunities. On October 11, 2022 this unaffiliated individual was appointed as a director of the Company. 
 
 (1) 

December 31, 2021 
 
 (1) 

(1) Collateralized by the Company s assets, including accounts receivable, cash and equivalents, inventory, property, equipment, intangibles. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s assets consisted of cash and equivalents of and (respectively), inventory of , and intangible assets of , for total carrying value of 356,111 and 355,590 (respectively). 
 
 (A) On September 24, 2018 (the Date of Issuance the Company issued a convertible promissory note (the Note with a face value of , . The note is convertible into a variable number of the Company's common stock, based on a conversion rate of 50 of the lowest trading price for the 25 days prior to conversion. 
 
 Along with the Note, on the Date of Issuance the Company issued Common Stock Purchase Warrants (the Warrants ), . As of December 31, 2022, Warrants were available related to the Note at an exercise price of 0.568 per share. The note proceeds of 300,000 were allocated between the fair value of the promissory note 300,000) and the Warrants 86,750), resulting in a debt discount of . As the warrants were exercisable immediately, this debt discount was amortized in its entirety to interest expense on the Date of Issuance. 

Convertible notes payable to related parties, interest at 12 per annum, due on March 7, 2015 (in default), convertible into common stock at 1.00 per share 

Total Convertible Notes and Loans Payable Related Parties 

Less: Current Portion 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Long-Term Convertible Notes and Loans Payable Related Parties 

F-10 

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company did not record beneficial conversion feature elements on the related party convertible debt due to the conversion rate of 1.00 per share being greater than the fair market value of the underlying shares on the date of issuance. 

Note payable to an unrelated individual, interest at 12 per annum, issued December 31, 2018 due December 31, 2019 (in default), unsecured 

Note payable to an unrelated individual, interest at 12 per annum, issued May 1, 2020 due May 1, 2021 (in default), unsecured 

Note payable to an unrelated individual, interest at 10 per annum, issued January 20, 2021 due January 20, 2022 (in default), unsecured 

Note payable to an unrelated individual, interest at 8 per annum, issued March 18, 2022 due March 18, 2023, unsecured 

Note payable to an unrelated entity, interest at 8 per annum, issued April 20, 2022 due April 20, 2023, unsecured 

Total Notes Payable 

Less: Current Portion 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Long-Term Notes Payable 

Accrued interest and interest expense for these Notes as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled and , respectively. Accrued interest and interest expense for these Notes as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled and , respectively. 
 
 calculated as follows: 
 
 Outstanding principal of + accrued interest of + 15,000 liquidated damages relating back to Note (A) s issuance date for breach of Section 3.1 + 50 liquidated damages of for default under Sections other than Section 3.2. 
 
 We have communicated with the noteholder regarding these matters and are under advisement from our legal counsel that, although we have defaulted on Note (A) and as such are accruing the default interest of 24 as stated within Note (A), we are not otherwise in breach of Note (A). We are unable to predict whether we will be able to enter into a workable resolution with the noteholder. If not, the noteholder could commence collection action against the Company and seek to foreclose on our assets and seek other remedies. We and our legal counsel believe the likelihood of this action is remote, and therefore have not accrued for any potential damages at December 31, 2022. 
 F-11 

SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 shares of common stock with a par value of , and had common shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company has authorized shares of Preferred Stock. On May 20, 2022, the Company designated shares of Series A Preferred Stock Series A with par value of 0.001. Each share of Series A participates in liquidation equal to common stock, is convertible into common stock at the option of the holder on a ten-for-one basis and carries no common votes unless and until converted to common stock at which time the converted shares are entitled to vote on any matter submitted to common stockholders. The Series A shares are not entitled to dividends unless and until converted to common stock at which time they would have dividend rights as common stock holders. 
 
 On August 24, 2022, the Company issued shares of its Series A Preferred Stock for services rendered to the Company. The shares were valued at . This amount is included in professional fees on the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company had shares of Series A Preferred issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company has also designated shares as Series D Preferred Stock Series D with par value of 0.001. Each share of Series D participates in dividends and liquidation equal to common stock, is convertible into common stock at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis and carries 10,000 common votes on any matter submitted to common stockholder vote. The Company had shares of Series D issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 F-12 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 srgs_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Sears Oil Gas (Form: 10-K, Received: 03/31/2009 16:41:33) 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 I, Mark A. Scharmann, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Spirits Time International, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I; are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this report (the Evaluation Date and 
 
 c) presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date; 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant's auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls. 
 
 6. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have indicated in this report whether or not there were significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant efficiencies and material weaknesses. 
 
 Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Mark A. Scharmann 

Mark A. Scharmann 

President, Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 srgs_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Sears Oil Gas (Form: 10-K, Received: 03/31/2009 16:41:33) 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SEC. 1350 
 (SECTION 906 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of, Spirits Time International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark A. Scharmann, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s /Mark A. Scharmann 

Mark A. Scharmann, President, 

Chief Executive Officer, 

Chief Financial Officer, 

Treasurer, Secretary 

and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 srsg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 srsg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 srsg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 srsg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 srsg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

